<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1653558_0001653558-24-000144.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9124548</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108587</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1548106</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3495962</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2000943</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1780838</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001653558-24-000144.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107081245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001653558-24-000144
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Priority Technology Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653558
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				474257046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37872
		FILM NUMBER:		241433316

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 WESTSIDE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 155
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-935-5961

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2001 WESTSIDE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 155
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	M I Acquisitions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001653558-24-000144.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 prth-20240930.htm
 10-Q

prth-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted 
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the number of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding was . 

Table of Contents 

Page Commonly Used or Defined Terms 
 ii 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 2 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit and Non-Controlling Interest 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements : 
 8 
 1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 8 
 2. Acquisitions 
 9 
 3. Revenues 
 11 
 4. Settlement Assets and Customer/Subscriber Account Obligations 
 13 
 5. Notes Receivable 
 15 
 6. Property, Equipment and Software 
 15 
 7. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 16 
 8. Debt Obligations 
 17 
 9. Redeemable Senior Preferred Stock and Warrants 
 19 
 10. Income Taxes 
 21 
 11. Stockholders' Deficit 
 21 
 12. Stock-based Compensation 
 22 
 13. Related Party Transactions 
 23 
 14. Commitments and Contingencies 
 23 
 15. Fair Value 
 25 
 16. Segment Information 
 26 
 17. Earnings (Loss) per Common Share 
 28 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 44 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 
 Commonly Used or Defined Terms 

Term Definition 2018 Plan 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Stock Purchase Plan Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2021 Share Repurchase Program Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 2021 Share Repurchase Program AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income/loss AP Accounts payable ASC Accounting Standards Codification APIC Additional paid-in capital Amended Certificate of Designation Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Senior Preferred Stock effective as of June 30, 2023 ASU Accounting Standards Update B2B Business-to-business B2C Business-to-consumer CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer Common Stock The Company's Common Stock, par value 0.001 CODM Chief operating decision maker 2024 Credit Agreement Credit and Guaranty Agreement with Truist Bank dated as of May 16, 2024 2021 Credit Agreement Credit and Guaranty Agreement with Truist Bank dated as of April 27, 2021 (as amended) EAETR Estimated annual effective tax rate 
 ESPP Employee Stock Purchase Plan Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FBO For the benefit of FI Financial institution Finxera Finxera Holdings, Inc. GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ISO Independent sales organization ISV Independent software vendor LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate MTL Money Transmission Licenses NCI Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries PHOT Priority Hospitality Technology, LLC Plastiq Acquisition of Plastiq, Inc. and certain of its affiliates 2024 Revolving credit facility 70.0 million line issued under the 2024 Credit Agreement 2021 Revolving credit facility 65.0 million line issued under the 2021 Credit Agreement SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOX Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 SMB Small to medium-sized businesses 
 2021 Term facility 620.0 million senior secured term loan facility issued under the 2021 Credit Agreement (including 320.0 million delayed draw facility) 

ii 

Table of Contents 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current portion of notes receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Settlement assets and customer/subscriber account balances Total current assets Notes receivable, less current portion Property, equipment and software, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes, net Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Senior Preferred Stock, Redeemable NCI, and Stockholders' Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued residual commissions Customer deposits and advance payments Current portion of long-term debt Settlement and customer/subscriber account obligations Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion, discounts and debt issuance costs Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 14 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Stockholders' deficit: Preferred stock, ; shares authorized; issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock at cost, and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' deficit attributable to stockholders of Priority ) ) Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries Total stockholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities, redeemable senior preferred stock, redeemable NCI and stockholders' deficit 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc . 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Operating expenses Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization) Salary and employee benefits Depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Debt extinguishment and modification costs ) ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Dividends and accretion attributable to redeemable senior preferred stockholders ) ) ) ) Less: Return on redeemable NCI in consolidated subsidiary ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Other comprehensive income loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per common share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statement 

2 

Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit and Non-Controlling Interest (in thousands) 

Common Stock Treasury Stock APIC AOCI Accumulated Deficit Deficit Attributable to Stockholders NCIs Total Shares Shares December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) Equity-classified stock-based compensation ESPP compensation and vesting of stock-based compensation Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Exchange for PHOT redeemable NCI ) ) ) ) ) ) Dividends on redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Issuance of profit interests/common equity in subsidiaries Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Reclassification of negative additional paid in capital ) Net income March 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Equity-classified stock-based compensation ESPP compensation and vesting of stock-based compensation Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Redemption of PHOT redeemable NCI Return on PHOT redeemable NCI ) ) ) Dividends on redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Issuance of profit interests/ common equity in subsidiaries Foreign currency translation adjustment Reclassification of negative additional paid-in capital ) Net income 
 3 

Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit and Non-Controlling Interest (in thousands) 

Common Stock Treasury Stock APIC AOCI Accumulated Deficit Deficit Attributable to Stockholders NCIs Total Shares Shares June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Equity-classified stock-based compensation ESPP compensation and vesting of stock-based compensation Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) PHOT share issuance Dividends on redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Issuance of profit interests/common equity in subsidiaries Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Reclassification of negative additional paid-in capital ) Net loss September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) 

4 

Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit and Non-Controlling Interest (in thousands) 

Common Stock Treasury Stock APIC AOCI Accumulated Deficit Deficit Attributable to Stockholders NCIs Total Shares Shares December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Equity-classified stock-based compensation ESPP compensation and vesting of stock-based compensation Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Dividends on redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Adjustment to NCI ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Net loss ) ) ) March 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Equity-classified stock-based compensation ESPP compensation and vesting of stock-based compensation Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) ) Dividends on redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Reclassification of negative additional paid-in capital ) Net income ) ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Equity-classified stock-based compensation ESPP compensation and vesting of stock-based compensation Shares withheld for taxes Dividends on redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Accretion of redeemable senior preferred stock ) ) ) Issuance of profit interest/common equity in subsidiaries Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Reclassification of negative additional paid in capital ) Net income ) ) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 5 

T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc . 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of assets Stock-based, ESPP and incentive units compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts Debt extinguishment and modification costs Deferred income tax ) ) Change in contingent consideration Other non-cash items, net ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Income taxes (receivable) payable ) Notes receivable ) ) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Customer deposits and advance payments Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Additions to property, equipment and software ) ) Notes receivable, net ) Acquisitions of assets and other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issue discount Debt issuance and modification costs paid ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Borrowings under revolving credit facility Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facility ) Redemption of PHOT redeemable NCI ) Repurchases of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Redemption of senior preferred stock ) Redemption of accumulated unpaid dividend on redeemable senior preferred stock ) Dividends paid to redeemable senior preferred stockholders ) ) Settlement and customer/subscriber accounts obligations, net Payment of contingent consideration related to business combination ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: Net increase in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 6 

T a b l e o f C o n t e n t s 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc . 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents included in settlement assets and customer/subscriber account balances (see Note 4 
 Total cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Adjustment to value of profit interest units Acquisition of intangible asset ) Measurement period adjustment to purchase price Cash portion of dividend payable for redeemable senior preferred stock (1) 
 Issuance of NCI 
 (1) 
 See Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Statements 

7 

Table of Contents 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 Foreign Currency 

8 

2. 
 million. The total purchase consideration included million in cash and the remaining consideration is in the nature of deferred or contingent consideration and certain equity interest in the acquiring entity. The cash consideration for the purchase was funded by borrowings from the Company's revolving credit facility. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the acquired assets and assumed liabilities were recognized at their fair values as of July 31, 2023, with the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired recognized as goodwill. The fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of July 31, 2023 were estimated by management using the discounted cash flow method and other factors specific to certain assets and liabilities. 
 9 

Contingent consideration payments (1) 
 Common equity of acquiring entity Less: cash and restricted cash acquired ) Total purchase consideration, net of cash and restricted cash acquired Recognized amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Settlement assets Equipment, net Goodwill (3) 
 Intangible assets (2) 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Customer deposits ) Settlement obligations ) Total purchase consideration 
 (1) The fair value of the contingent consideration payments issued was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation. The contingent consideration payments were calculated based on the path for the simulated metrics and the contractual terms of the contingent consideration payments and were discounted to present value at a rate reflecting the risk associated with the payoffs. The fair value was estimated to be the average present value of the contingent consideration payments over all iterations of the simulation. 
 (2) The intangible assets acquired consist of million for customer relationships, million for referral partner relationships, million for technology and million for trade name. 
 (3) During the first and second quarters of 2024, the Company recorded immaterial measurement period adjustments due to a pre-acquisition tax accrual and security deposit which resulted in an adjustment to goodwill, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and prepaid expenses. 

10 

3. 
 Money transmission services Outsourced services and other services (2) 
 Equipment Total revenues (1) 
 
 (1) Includes contracts with an original duration of one year or less and variable consideration under a stand-ready series of distinct days of service. The aggregate fixed consideration portion of customer contracts with an initial contract duration greater than one year is not material. 
 (2) Approximately million and million of interest income on customer funds for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is included in outsourced services and other services revenue in the table above. Approximately million and million of interest income on corporate funds for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is included in other income, net on the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) and not reflected in the table above. 
 The following table presents a disaggregation of our consolidated revenues by segment: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Merchant Card Fees Money Transmission Services Outsourced and Other Services Equipment Total Segment SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Eliminations ) ) ) Total revenues 
 11 

B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Eliminations ) ) ) Total revenues 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Merchant Card Fees Money Transmission Services Outsourced and Other Services Equipment Total Segment SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Eliminations ) ) ) Total revenues 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Merchant Card Fees Money Transmission Services Outsourced and Other Services Equipment Total Segment SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Eliminations ) ) ) Total revenues 
 Deferred revenues were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 Material contract assets and liabilities are presented net at the individual contract level in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets and are classified as current or noncurrent based on the nature of the underlying contractual rights and obligations. 
 Contract liabilities were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Substantially all of these balances are recognized as revenue within months. 
 Net contract assets were not material for any period presented. 
 12 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and were for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

4. 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Exception items that become the liability of the Company are recorded as merchant losses, a component of cost of revenue in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Exception items that the Company is still attempting to collect from the merchants through the funds settlement process or merchant reserves are recognized as settlement assets and customer/subscriber account balances in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, with an offsetting reserve for those amounts the Company estimates it will not be able to recover. Expenses for merchant losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively. Expenses for merchant losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 B2B Payments Segment 
 In the Company's B2B Payments segment, the Company earns revenues by processing transactions for FIs and other business customers. Customers transfer funds to the Company, which are held in either company-owned bank accounts controlled by the Company or bank-owned FBO accounts controlled by the banks, until such time that the transactions are settled with the customer payees. Amounts due to customer payees that are held by the Company in company-owned bank accounts are included in restricted cash in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts due to customer payees that are held in bank-owned FBO accounts are not assets of the Company, and the associated obligations are not liabilities of the Company. Therefore, neither is recognized in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. Bank-owned FBO accounts held funds of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Company-owned bank accounts held million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which are included in restricted cash and settlement and customer/subscriber account obligations in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Exception items that the Company is still attempting to collect from the customers through the funds settlement process are recognized as settlement assets and customer/subscriber account balances in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, with an offsetting reserve for those amounts the Company estimates it will not be able to recover. Expenses for these merchant losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and million, respectively. Expenses for merchant losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were material. 
 The Company also accepts card payments from its B2B Payments segment customers and processes disbursements to their vendors within the Plastiq business. The time lag between authorization and settlement of card transactions creates certain receivables (from card networks) and payables (to the vendors of customers). These receivables and payables arise from the settlement activities that the Company performs on the behalf of its customers and therefore, are presented as settlement assets and related obligations. 
 13 

and million, respectively. Expenses for merchant losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were material. 
 In certain states, the Company accepts deposits under agency arrangement with member banks wherein accepted deposits remain under the control of the member banks. Therefore, the Company does not record assets for the deposits accepted and liabilities for the associated obligation. Agency owned accounts held million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Card settlements due from networks Other settlement assets Customer/subscriber account balances Cash and cash equivalents Total settlement assets and customer/subscriber account balances Settlement and Customer/Subscriber Account Obligations: Customer account obligations Subscriber account obligations Total customer/subscriber account obligations Due to customers' payees (2) 
 Total settlement and customer/subscriber account obligations 
 (1) Allowance for estimated losses was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of card settlements due from networks and the remainder is included in restricted cash on our Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 14 

5. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which are reported as current portion of notes receivable and notes receivable less current portion on the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. The notes receivable carried weighted-average interest rates of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The notes receivable are comprised of notes receivable from ISOs, and under the terms of the agreements the Company preserves the right to hold back residual payments due to the ISOs and to apply such residuals against future payments due to the Company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had allowance for doubtful notes receivable. 
 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total 

6. 
 Equipment Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Property, equipment and software Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Capital work in-progress Property, equipment and software, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation expense 
 Computer software represents purchased software and internally developed software that is used to provide the Company's services to its customers. 
 Fully depreciated assets are retained in property, equipment and software, net, until removed from service. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , certain fully depreciated assets were removed from service. 
 
 15 

7. 
 Enterprise Payments Plastiq (B2B Payments) Total 
 The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying value of goodwill: 
 (in thousands) Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 Plastiq adjustment ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company is not aware of any triggering events for impairment that have occurred since the last annual impairment test. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 ) Residual buyouts ) Customer relationships ) Merchant portfolios ) Technology ) Trade names ) Non-compete agreements ) Money transmission licenses (1) 
 Total ) 
 (1) These assets have an indefinite useful life. 
 16 

) Residual buyouts ) Customer relationships ) Merchant portfolios ) Technology ) Trade names ) Non-compete agreements ) Money transmission licenses (1) 
 Total ) 
 (1) These assets have an indefinite useful life. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amortization expense (1) 
 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the amortization of certain contract acquisition costs. 

8. 
 at September 30, 2024 
 Revolving credit facility - million line matures May 16, 2029, interest rate of at September 30, 2024 
 2021 Credit Agreement - refinanced on May 16, 2024 
 Term facility - original maturity April 27, 2027, interest rate of at December 31, 2023 
 Revolving credit facility - million line, original Maturity April 27, 2026, interest rate of at December 31, 2023 
 Total debt obligations Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Less: unamortized debt discounts and deferred financing costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 17 

million senior secured first lien term loan facility ; and 2) a million senior secured revolving facility ("Credit facilities"). Proceeds from these Credit facilities were used to repay the outstanding balances under the 2021 Credit Agreement and redeem a portion of the Company's redeemable senior preferred stock (see Note 9. Redeemable Securities ). In accordance with ASC 470, the Company determined on a creditor-by-creditor basis that the 2024 Credit Agreement was both a debt modification and extinguishment of the 2021 Credit Agreement. The Company expensed million of previously unamortized fees and million of debt issuance costs related to the refinancing which is reported in debt extinguishment and modification in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Outstanding borrowings under the Credit agreement accrue interest using a base rate or a SOFR rate plus an applicable margin per year, subject to a SOFR rate floor of per year. The revolving credit facility incurs an unused commitment fee on any undrawn amount in an amount equal to per year of the unused portion. The future applicable interest rate margins may vary based on the Company's Total Net Leverage Ratio in addition to future changes in the underlying market rates for SOFR and the rate used for base-rate borrowings. 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement contains representations and warranties, financial and collateral requirements, mandatory payment events, events of default and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation, covenants that restrict among other things, the ability to create liens, pay dividends or distribute assets from the loan parties to the Company, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, incur additional indebtedness, make certain investments or acquisitions, enter into certain transactions (including with affiliates) and to enter into certain leases. 
 If the aggregate principal amount of outstanding revolving loans and letters of credit under the 2024 Credit Agreement exceeds of the total revolving credit facility thereunder, the loan parties are required to comply with certain restrictions on its Total Net Leverage Ratio. If applicable, the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio is: 1) :1.00 at each fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 through December 31, 2025; 2) :1.00 at each fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026 and each fiscal quarter thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants in the 2024 Credit Agreement. 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 On April 27, 2021, the Company entered into the 2021 Credit Agreement with Truist which provides for: 1) a million Initial Term Loan; 2) a million Delayed Draw Term Loan (together, the "Term Facility"); and 3) a million senior secured revolving credit facility. The First Amendment to the Credit Agreement on May 20, 2021, clarified and provided further detail on the Credit Agreement's terms. The Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement on September 17, 2021, increased the amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan facility by million to million. The additional Delayed Draw Term Loan is part of the same class of term loans made pursuant to the original commitments under the Credit Agreement. The third amendment amended the reference rate from LIBOR to SOFR and increased the revolving facility from million to million effecting June 30, 2023. The fourth amendment increased the principal balance by million and increased the quarterly principal amortization payment from million to million. Outstanding borrowings from the 2021 Credit Agreement were repaid on May 16, 2024 as part of the refinancing and the Company was released from any related commitments, guarantees and security interests. 
 Outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement accrued interest using either a base rate or a SOFR rate plus an applicable margin per year, subject to a SOFR rate floor of per year. Accrued interest is payable on each interest payment date (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The revolving credit facility incurs an unused commitment fee on any undrawn amount in an amount equal to per year of the unused portion. The future applicable interest rate margins may vary based on the Company's Total Net Leverage Ratio in addition to future changes in the underlying market rates for SOFR and the rate used for base-rate borrowings. 
 Proceeds from the Initial Term Loan were used to partially fund the refinancing of the Company's existing credit facilities as of April 27, 2021. Proceeds from the Delayed Draw Term Loan were used to fund the Company's acquisition of Finxera. Proceeds from the Fourth Amendment were used to repay the balance of the revolving credit facility (used to acquire the Plastiq business) and added additional cash for general corporate purposes. 
 18 

(1) Included in interest expense is million and million related to the accretion of contingent consideration from acquisitions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

9. 
 Accumulated unpaid dividend Dividend payable Redemption value Less: unamortized discounts and issuance costs ) ) Redeemable senior preferred stock, net of discounts and issuance costs: 
 19 

Unpaid dividend on redeemable senior preferred stock Accretion of discounts and issuance costs Cash portion of dividend outstanding at March 31, 2024 Payment of cash portion of dividend outstanding at December 31, 2023 ) March 31, 2024 Redemption of senior preferred stock (1) 
 ) ) Unpaid dividend on redeemable senior preferred stock Accretion of discounts and issuance costs Cash portion of dividend outstanding at June 30, 2024 Payment of cash portion of dividend outstanding at March 31, 2024 ) June 30, 2024 Unpaid dividend on redeemable senior preferred stock Accretion of discounts and issuance cost Payment of cash portion of dividend outstanding at June 30, 2024 ) September 30, 2024 
 (1) On May 16, 2024, the Company used proceeds totaling million from the refinancing (see Note 8. Debt Obligations to redeem a portion of the redeemable senior preferred stock. The redemption consisted of million of redeemable senior preferred stock, million for accumulated unpaid dividend, and million of cash dividend and million of accumulated unpaid dividend for the quarter ending June 30, 2024. 
 The dividend rate as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was and respectively. 
 Accumulated dividends accrued as part of the carrying value of redeemable senior preferred stock Dividends declared 
 (1) Dividend payable for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was paid on October 2, 2023 . 
 The dividend rate (capped at is equal to the three-month term SOFR (minimum of ), plus the three-month term SOFR spread adjustment of plus the applicable margin of . The dividend rate is subject to future increases if the Company doesn't comply with the minimum cash payment requirements outlined in the agreement, which includes required payments of dividends, required payments related to redemption or required prepayments. The dividend rate may also increase if the Company fails to obtain the required stockholder approval for a forced sale transaction triggered by investors or if an event of default as outlined in the agreement occurs. 
 20 

shares of the Common Stock, at an exercise price of . As of September 30, 2024, none of the warrants have been exercised. The warrants are considered to be equity contracts indexed in the Company's own shares and therefore were recorded at their inception date relative fair value and are included in additional paid-in capital on the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

10. 
 and , respectively, compared to a consolidated effective income tax rate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective rates differed from the statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to an increase in the valuation allowance against certain business interest carryover deferred tax assets, and certain forecasted nondeductible expenses. 
 Valuation Allowance for Deferred Income Tax Assets 
 The Company considers all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to permit realization of the existing deferred tax assets. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes , the Company is required to provide a valuation allowance against deferred income tax assets when it is "more likely than not" that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Based on management's assessment, as of September 30, 2024, the Company continues to record a full valuation allowance against non-deductible interest expense. The Company will continue to evaluate the realizability of the net deferred tax asset on a quarterly basis and, as a result, the valuation allowance may change in future periods. 

11. 
 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has issued any shares of preferred stock. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 shares of its outstanding Common Stock for a total of up to million. Under the terms of this plan, the Company may purchase shares through open market purchases, unsolicited or solicited privately negotiated transactions, or in another manner so long as it complies with applicable rules and regulations. There have been no shares repurchased under this plan since December 2022. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has purchased shares for million under this plan. 
 
 21 

12. 
 Incentive units compensation expense ESPP compensation expense Total 
 Income tax benefit for stock-based compensation was immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. stock-based compensation has been capitalized. 
 2018 Plan 
 The Company's 2018 Plan initially provided for the issuance of up to shares of the Company's Common Stock. On March 17, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors unanimously approved an amendment to the 2018 Plan, which was subsequently approved by our shareholders, to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under the plan by shares, resulting in shares of the Company's Common Stock authorized for issuance under the plan. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 2021 Stock Purchase Plan 
 The 2021 Stock Purchase Plan provides for up to shares to be purchased under the plan. Shares issued under the plan may be authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of Common Stock. All employees of the Company who work more than hours per week and have been employed by the Company for at least days may participate in the 2021 Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Under the 2021 Stock Purchase Plan, participants are offered, on the first day of the offering period, the option to purchase shares of Common Stock at a discount on the last day of the offering period. The offering period shall be for a period of three months and the first offering period began on January 10, 2022. The 2021 Stock Purchase Plan provides eligible employees the opportunity to purchase shares of the Company's Common stock at of the lesser of the fair value on the first and last trading day of each offering period. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Non-voting Incentive Units 

22 

13. 
 owned by the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). No cash consideration was paid to the contributors of the eTab or Cumulus assets on the date of the transactions. As consideration for these contributed assets, the contributors were issued redeemable non-controlling preferred equity interests ("redeemable NCIs") in PHOT. Under these redeemable NCIs, the contributors were eligible to receive up to million of profits earned by PHOT, plus a preferred yield per year) on any undistributed preferred equity interest ("Total Preferred Equity Interest"). Once the total preferred equity interest is distributed to the holders, the redeemable NCIs cease to exist. The Company's CEO initially owned of the redeemable NCIs, which ownership interest was subsequently reduced to through the CEO's disposition of interests to others. 
 In November 2020, the Company agreed with the contributors to an exchange of shares of common stock of the Company, or cash, for the remaining undistributed Total Preferred Equity Interests of million. An exchange valuation for the Company's common stock was established as of November 12, 2020 at the prior volume weighted average price of per share. The exchange was contingent upon receiving approval of the Company's lenders; therefore, the binding exchange agreements were not entered into until after lender approval was received in April 2021 in connection with the debt refinancing. 
 In May 2021, the Company entered into exchange agreements and completed the exchange of shares of common stock and million of cash for the Total Preferred Equity Interests. The CEO received shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for his interest, and the Company's Chief Operating Officer COO received shares of common stock of the Company in exchange for her interest. 
 On October 31, 2023, a lawsuit was filed alleging that the Board breached its fiduciary duties by approving the above mentioned exchange transaction. The Company denied any wrongdoing. The lawsuit was settled on January 30, 2024, wherein the Company agreed to unwind the exchange transaction and received previously issued shares of common stock of the Company and promissory notes for the amount of cash paid from the CEO, COO and others in exchange of the reissuance of PHOT redeemable preferred units. The returned shares of common stock of the Company are recorded as treasury stock at their closing market price as of the settlement date of January 30, 2024. The reissued PHOT redeemable preferred units are recorded as redeemable NCI at their estimated fair value as of the settlement date on the Company s Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 million as of May 30, 2024, through net loss available to common stockholders in the Company s Unaudited Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). The exchange value of the Company's common stock was established based on the 30-day volume weighted average close price adjusted for market illiquidity. During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the PHOT redeemable preferred units held by the CEO were redeemed in cash for million and the promissory notes were satisfied. During the quarter ending September 30, 2024, the PHOT redeemable preferred units held by the COO were redeemed for shares of the Company's common stock and PHOT redeemable preferred units held by other holders were redeemed for shares of the Company's common stock. 

14. 
 million in 2024 and million in 2025. 
 23 

business cooperation agreement with a vendor to resell its services. Under the agreement, the Company purchased vendor services worth million for the year ended December 31, 2023, and is committed to purchase vendor services worth million in 2024. 
 Capital Commitments 
 The Company committed to capital contributions to fund the operations of certain subsidiaries totaling million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is obligated to make the contributions within business days of receiving notice for such contribution from the subsidiary. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has contributed million and million, respectively. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Accretion of contingent consideration Payment of contingent consideration ) March 31, 2024 Accretion of discount on contingent consideration Payment of contingent consideration ) June 30, 2024 Accretion of discount on contingent consideration Payment of contingent consideration ) September 30, 2024 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is involved in certain legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of the Company and based on consultations with internal and external counsel, the results of any of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. As more information becomes available, and the Company determines that an unfavorable outcome is probable on a claim and that the amount of probable loss that the Company will incur on that claim is reasonably estimable, the Company will record an accrued expense for the claim in question. If and when the Company records such an accrual, it could be material and could adversely impact the Company's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The Company is involved in a case that was filed on October 11, 2023 and is currently pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the Complaint ). The Complaint is a putative class action against The Credit Wholesale Company, Inc. Wholesale ), Priority Technology Holdings, Inc., Priority Payment Systems PPS ), LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells Fargo ). The Complaint alleges that Wholesale is an agent of Priority, PPS and Wells Fargo and that it made non-consensual recordation of telephonic communications with California businesses in violation of California Invasion of Privacy Act (the Act ). T he Complaint seeks to certify a class of affected businesses and an award of per violation of the Act. 
 24 

million are maintained in accounts with certain FIs which are eligible to pass-through insurance subject to FDIC rules and regulations (refer to Note 4. Settlement Assets and Customer/Subscriber Account Balances and Related Obligations A majority of the Company's cash, restricted cash and off-balance sheet settlement funds are held in certain FIs, substantially all of which is in excess of FDIC limits. The Company does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk from these transactions. 

15. 
 Contingent consideration, noncurrent portion Level 3 Total contingent consideration 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no transfers into, out of, or between levels of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Fair Value Disclosures 
 Notes Receivable 
 Notes receivable are carried at amortized cost. Substantially all of the Company's notes receivable are secured, and the Company provides for allowances when it believes that certain notes receivable may not be collectible. The carrying value of the Company's notes receivable, net approximates fair value and was approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. On the fair value hierarchy, Level 3 inputs are used to estimate the fair value of these notes receivable. 
 Debt Obligations 
 Outstanding debt obligations (see Note 8. Debt Obligations are reflected in the Company's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets at carrying value since the Company did not elect to remeasure debt obligations to fair value at the end of each reporting period. 
 25 

million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was estimated using binding and non-binding quoted prices in an active secondary market, which considers the credit risk and market related conditions, and is within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 The carrying values of the other long-term debt obligations approximate fair value due to mechanisms in the credit agreements that adjust the applicable interest rates and the lack of a market for these debt obligations. 

16. 
 reportable segments: 
 SMB Payments Provides full-service acquiring and payment-enabled solutions for B2C transactions, leveraging Priority's proprietary software platform, distributed through ISO, direct sales and vertically focused ISV channels. 
 B2B Payments provides market-leading AP automation solutions to corporations, software partners and industry leading FIs (including Citibank and Mastercard) in addition to improving cash flow by providing instant access to working capital. 
 Enterprise Payments Provides embedded finance and treasury solutions to enterprise customers to modernize legacy platforms and accelerate software partners' strategies to monetize payments. 
 The Company does not have dedicated assets assigned to any particular reportable segment and such information is not available and continues to be aggregated. Corporate includes costs of corporate functions and shared services not allocated to our reportable segments. 
 Due to the recent acquisitions, growth, implementation of a shared services model and management of a single unified commerce engine across our payments infrastructure, the costs of operating overhead and shared services becomes less identifiable at the segment level. Therefore, the process of review of the CODM was updated during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. The CODM's review of segment performance and allocation of resources are based on adjusted earnings before interest, income tax and depreciation and amortization expenses ("EBITDA"). Adjusted EBITDA at each segment level includes revenues of the segment, less costs of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) and operating expenses that are directly related to those revenues. Operating overhead and shared costs are managed centrally and included in the corporate segment. All comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect this update. 
 ) Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Corporate Eliminations Total Consolidated Revenues ) Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 26 

) Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Corporate Eliminations Total Consolidated Revenues ) Adjusted EBITDA ) 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Debt modification and extinguishment expenses ) ) Selling, general and administrative (non-recurring) ) ) ) ) Non-cash stock based compensation ) ) ) ) Other non-recurring gain, net Income before income taxes 
 
 27 

17. 
 ) ) Less: Dividends and accretion attributable to redeemable senior preferred stockholders ) ) ) ) Less: Return on redeemable NCI in consolidated subsidiary ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive potential common shares Adjusted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Earnings (loss) per common share ) ) ) Diluted Earnings (loss) per share ) ) ) 
 warrants (refer to Note 9. Redeemable Senior Preferred Stock and Warrants 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had million dilutive securities that were included in the Company's diluted earnings per share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, all potentially dilutive securities were anti-dilutive, so diluted net loss per share was equivalent to basic net loss per share. 
 Outstanding options and warrants issued to adviser (2) 
 Restricted stock awards (3) 
 Outstanding stock option awards (3) 
 Total 
 (1) The warrants were issued in 2018 and were exercisable at per share. These warrants expired on August 24, 2023. 
 (2) The warrants were issued in 2018 and were exercisable at per share. These warrants expired on August 24, 2023. 
 (3) Granted under the 2018 Plan. 
 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes and the section entitled "Management's Discussion and 
 28 

Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Certain amounts in this section may not add mathematically due to rounding. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 Some of the statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our management's expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, such as statements about our future financial performance, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "future," "goal," "intend," "likely," "may," "might," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," "seek," "should," "would," "will," "approximately," "shall" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 negative economic and political conditions that adversely affect the general economy, consumer confidence and consumer and commercial spending habits, which may, among other things, negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 competition in the payment processing industry; 
 the use of distribution partners; 
 any unauthorized disclosures of merchant or cardholder data, whether through breach of our computer systems, computer viruses or otherwise; 
 any breakdowns in our processing systems; 
 government regulation, including regulation of consumer information; 
 the use of third-party vendors; 
 any changes in card association and debit network fees or products; 
 any failure to comply with the rules established by payment networks or standards established by third-party processors; 
 any proposed acquisitions or dispositions or any risks associated with completed acquisitions or dispositions; and 
 other risks and uncertainties set forth in the " Item 1A - Risk Factors " section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in our securities. We cannot assure you that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions, including the risk factors set forth in the " Item 1A - Risk Factors " section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or our Annual Report on Form 10-K, that may cause our actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 
 29 

In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 Terms Used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the terms "Company," "Priority," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Results of Operations 
 This section includes certain components of our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. We have derived this data, except the key indicators, from our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Revenues 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our consolidated revenue of 227.0 million increased by 38.0 million, or 20.1 , from 189.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This overall increase was mainly driven by increase in merchant bankcard volume in our SMB Payments segment, an increase in new enrollments and higher interest income in our Enterprise Payments segment and, an increase in issuing volume and acquisition of the Plastiq business on July 31, 2023, in our B2B Payments Segment. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our consolidated revenue of 652.6 million increased by 96.3 million, or 17.3 , from 556.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This overall increase was mainly driven by increase in merchant bankcard volume in our SMB Payments segment, an increase in new enrollments and higher interest income in our Enterprise Payments segment and, an increase in issuing volume and acquisition of the Plastiq business on July 31, 2023 in our B2B Payments Segment. 
 The following table presents our revenues by type: 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue Type: Merchant card fees 171,814 146,974 24,840 499,007 441,142 57,865 Money transmission services 33,868 25,831 8,037 94,352 70,955 23,397 Outsourced services and other services 18,063 13,181 4,882 49,984 34,768 15,216 Equipment 3,304 3,029 275 9,292 9,468 (176) Total revenues 227,049 189,015 38,034 652,635 556,333 96,302 
 30 

Merchant card fees 
 Merchant card fees revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 171.8 million, an increase of 24.8 million, or 16.9 , from 147.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in merchant bankcard volume and the transaction count processed by the Company, rate increases, and the acquisition of the Plastiq business on July 31, 2023. 
 Merchant card fees revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 499.0 million an increase of 57.9 million or 13.1 , from 441.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in merchant bankcard volume and the transaction count processed by the Company, rate increases, and the acquisition of the Plastiq business on July 31, 2023. 
 Money transmission services 
 Money transmission services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 33.9 million, an increase of 8.0 million, or 31.1 , from 25.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in new customer enrollments and average billed clients. 
 Money transmission services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 94.4 million, an increase of 23.4 million, or 33.0 , from 71.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in new customer enrollments and average billed clients. 
 Outsourced services and other services revenue 
 Outsourced services and other services revenue of 18.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.9 million, or 37.0 , from 13.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to growth in interest income due to higher balances of permissible investments. 
 Outsourced services and other services revenue of 50.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 15.2 million, or 43.8 , from 34.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to growth in interest income due to higher balances of permissible investments. 
 Equipment 
 Equipment revenue of 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.3 million, or 9.1 , from 3.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased sales of point-of-sale equipment. 
 Equipment revenue of 9.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.2 million, or 1.9 from 9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreased sales of point-of-sale equipment during the first half of the year. 
 31 

Operating expenses were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Operating expenses Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization) 141,070 116,682 24,388 408,486 353,929 54,557 Salary and employee benefits 21,748 20,129 1,619 66,017 58,286 7,731 Depreciation and amortization 13,733 17,275 (3,542) 44,230 53,303 (9,073) Selling, general and administrative 12,413 11,423 990 34,620 31,328 3,292 Total operating expenses 188,964 165,509 23,455 553,353 496,846 56,507 
 Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization) 
 Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization) of 141.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 24.4 million, or 20.9 , from 116.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to corresponding increase in revenues. 
 Cost of revenue (excludes depreciation and amortization) of 408.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 54.6 million, or 15.4 , from 353.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the corresponding increase in revenues. 
 Salary and employee benefits 
 Salary and employee benefits expense of 21.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.6 million, or 8.0 , from 20.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to merit increases and increased headcount from the acquisition of the Plastiq business on July 31, 2023. 
 Salary and employee benefits expense of 66.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 7.7 million, or 13.3 , from 58.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to merit increases, certain performance based non-recurring bonuses and increased headcount from the acquisition of the Plastiq business on July 31, 2023. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of 13.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3.5 million, or 20.5 , from 17.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to full amortization of certain intangible assets. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense of 44.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 9.1 million, or 17.0 , from 53.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to full amortization of certain intangible assets. 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses of 12.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.0 million, or 8.7 , from 11.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increase in professional charges related to SOX compliance, increased marketing and software expenses to support overall growth of the Company, offset by decrease in certain non-recurring professional charges related to business combination. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses of 34.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 3.3 million, or 10.5 , from 31.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increase in professional charges related to SOX compliance, increased marketing and software expenses to support overall growth of the Company, offset by decrease in certain non-recurring professional charges related to business combination and legal expenses. 
 32 

Other Expense, net 
 Other expense, net were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Other (expense) income Interest expense (23,246) (19,997) (3,249) (65,836) (55,461) (10,375) Debt extinguishment and modification costs (43) (43) (8,666) (8,666) Other income, net 711 732 (21) 2,011 1,319 692 Total other expense, net (22,578) (19,265) (3,313) (72,491) (54,142) (18,349) 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense of 23.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 3.2 million, or 16.2 , from 20.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to increased outstanding balance of the term loan facility used for the acquisition of the Plastiq business and redemption of redeemable senior preferred stock, offset by a decrease in the revolving credit facility. 
 Interest expense of 65.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 10.4 million, or 18.7 , from 55.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to increased interest rates and increased outstanding balance of the term loan facility used for the acquisition of the Plastiq business and redemption of redeemable senior preferred stock, offset by a decrease in the revolving credit facility. 
 Debt extinguishment and modification costs 
 Debt extinguishment and modification costs of 0.04 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relates to the refinancing of the Company's credit facilities on May 16, 2024. 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 Income tax expense was as follows: 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Income before income taxes 15,507 4,241 11,266 26,791 5,345 21,446 Income tax expense 4,899 4,328 571 9,996 6,550 3,446 Effective tax rate 31.6 102.1 37.3 122.5 
 We compute our interim period income tax expense or benefit by using a forecasted EAETR and adjust for any discrete items arising during the interim period and any changes in our projected full-year business interest expense and taxable income. The EAETR for 2024 is 36.0 and includes the income tax provision on pre-tax income and a tax provision related to establishment of a valuation allowance for deferred income tax on the future portion of the Section 163(j) limitation created by additional 2024 interest expense. The effective tax rate for 2024 changed primarily due to an increase in the valuation allowance against certain business interest carryover deferred tax assets. 
 Our consolidated effective income tax rates differ from the statutory rate due to timing and permanent differences between amounts calculated under GAAP and the U.S. tax code. The consolidated effective income tax rate for 2024 may not be indicative of our effective tax rate for future periods. 
 33 

Segment Results 
 The CODM's review of segment performance and allocation of resources are based on the Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure). Adjusted EBITDA at each segment level includes revenues of the segment, less costs of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) and operating expenses that are directly related those revenues. Operating overhead and shared costs are managed centrally and included in corporate segment. 
 This non-GAAP financial measure helps to illustrate the underlying financial and business trends relating to results of operations of the Company and therefore used as a measure of segment profit or loss for the purposes of evaluation of segment performance and allocation of resources. 
 SMB Payments 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues 158,770 140,241 18,529 457,875 443,122 14,753 Adjusted EBITDA 28,644 27,613 1,031 82,265 84,449 (2,184) Key Indicators: Merchant bankcard processing dollar value 15,517,131 14,150,995 1,366,136 46,096,861 44,483,491 1,613,370 Merchant bankcard transaction count 195,786 178,721 17,065 564,855 522,470 42,385 
 Revenues 
 Revenue from our SMB Payments segment was 158.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 140.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 18.5 million, or 13.2 , was primarily driven by increased transaction count and processed merchant bankcard dollar value. The Company's merchant card fee revenue from the SMB Payments segment 153.1 million for 2024 and 136.3 million for 2023) as a percentage of merchant bankcard processing dollar value during 2024 increased to 0.99 from 0.96 during 2023. Revenue from our SMB Payments segment was 457.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 443.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 14.8 million, or 3.3 , was primarily driven by a decrease in certain incentives, decrease in rates as the Company's merchant card fee revenue from the SMB Payments segment 443.6 million for 2024 and 428.5 million for 2023) as a percentage of merchant bankcard processing dollar value during 2024 remained consistent at 0.96 as compared to 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our SMB Payments segment was 28.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 27.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 1 million or 3.7 was primarily driven by the contribution margin from increased revenue offset by increased selling, general and administrative expenses and mix related margin compression. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our SMB Payments segment was 82.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 84.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 2.2 million or 2.6 was primarily driven by a decrease in certain incentive revenues, mix related margin compression and higher level of chargeback losses and other operating expenses. 
 34 

B2B Payments 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues 22,143 13,985 8,158 65,368 19,744 45,624 Adjusted EBITDA 1,933 1,359 574 5,209 1,877 3,332 Key Indicators: B2B issuing dollar volume 255,323 221,456 33,867 732,589 636,361 96,228 B2B issuing transaction count 256 267 (11) 738 829 (91) 
 Revenues 
 Revenue from our B2B Payments segment was 22.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 14.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 8.2 million was primarily driven by revenue from the Plastiq business and growth in CPX business. 
 Revenue from our B2B Payments segment was 65.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 19.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 45.6 million was primarily driven by revenue from the Plastiq business and growth in CPX business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our B2B Payments segment of 1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA of 0.6 million was primarily driven by 1.3 million in the Plastiq business, offset by decrease of 0.7 million in the CPX business due to certain bad debt write-offs. The Plastiq business was acquired on July 31, 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our B2B Payments segment of 5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.The increase in Adjusted EBITDA of 3.3 million was contributed by 0.9 million in the CPX business and 2.4 million in the Plastiq business. The Plastiq business was acquired on July 31, 2023. 
 Enterprise Payments 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues 47,099 35,174 11,925 131,758 93,919 37,839 Adjusted EBITDA 40,940 29,757 11,183 112,911 77,853 35,058 Key Indicators: Average billed clients 832,351 590,578 241,773 766,370 525,274 241,096 Average new enrollments 62,875 56,269 6,606 57,281 51,864 5,417 
 Revenues 
 Revenue from our Enterprise Payments segment was 47.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 35.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 11.9 million or 33.9 , was primarily driven by an increase in billed clients and new customer enrollments, and growth in interest income due to higher balances of permissible investments. 
 35 

Revenue from our Enterprise Payments segment was 131.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 93.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 37.8 million or 40.3 , was primarily driven by an increase in billed clients and new customer enrollments, and growth in interest income due to higher balances of permissible investments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our Enterprise Payments segment was 40.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 29.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 11.2 million or 37.6 , was primarily driven by increases in revenues. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our Enterprise Payments segment was 112.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 77.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 35.1 million or 45.0 , was primarily driven by increases in revenues. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Corporate Total Consolidated Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to GAAP Measure Adjusted EBITDA 28,644 1,933 40,940 (16,876) 54,641 Interest expense (1,066) (22,180) (23,246) Depreciation and amortization (6,939) (1,261) (4,304) (1,229) (13,733) Debt modification and extinguishment expenses (43) (43) Selling, general and administrative (non-recurring) (696) (696) Non-cash stock based compensation (4) (73) (33) (1,306) (1,416) Income (loss) before taxes 21,701 (467) 36,603 (42,330) 15,507 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Corporate Total Consolidated Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to GAAP Measure Adjusted EBITDA 27,613 1,359 29,757 (13,767) 44,962 Interest expense (498) (62) (19,437) (19,997) Depreciation and amortization (9,136) (719) (5,947) (1,473) (17,275) Selling, general and administrative (non-recurring) (2,114) (2,114) Non-cash stock based compensation (114) (36) (66) (1,285) (1,501) Other non-recurring gain, net 166 166 Income (loss) before taxes 18,363 106 23,682 (37,910) 4,241 

36 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Corporate Total Consolidated Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to GAAP Measure Adjusted EBITDA 82,265 5,209 112,911 (47,853) 152,532 Interest expense (1) (3,280) (62,555) (65,836) Depreciation and amortization (24,065) (3,992) (12,431) (3,742) (44,230) Debt modification and extinguishment expenses (8,666) (8,666) Selling, general and administrative (non-recurring) (2,131) (2,131) Non-cash stock based compensation (12) (299) (98) (4,469) (4,878) Income (loss) before taxes 58,187 (2,362) 100,382 (129,416) 26,791 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) SMB Payments B2B Payments Enterprise Payments Corporate Total Consolidated Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to GAAP Measure Adjusted EBITDA 84,449 1,877 77,853 (40,484) 123,695 Interest expense (498) (293) (54,670) (55,461) Depreciation and amortization (27,553) (756) (18,571) (6,423) (53,303) Selling, general and administrative (non-recurring) (4,410) (4,410) Non-cash stock based compensation (408) (237) (195) (4,343) (5,183) Other non-recurring gain, net 7 7 Income (loss) before taxes 56,488 386 58,794 (110,323) 5,345 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim periods, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are discussed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to these critical accounting policies and estimates as of September 30, 2024. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity and capital resource management is a process focused on providing the funding we need to meet our short-term and long-term cash and working capital needs. We have used our funding sources to build our merchant portfolio, for technology solutions and to make acquisitions with the expectation that such investments will generate cash flows sufficient to cover our working capital and other anticipated needs, including our acquisition strategy. We anticipate that cash on hand, funds generated from operations and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility are sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 Our principal uses of cash are to fund business operations and administrative costs, and to service our debt. 
 37 

Our working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, was 37.7 million at September 30, 2024 and 16.6 million at September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash totaling 41.1 million compared to 24.6 million at September 30, 2023. These cash balances do not include restricted cash of 13.4 million and 13.9 million at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, which reflects cash accounts holding customer settlement funds and cash reserves for potential losses. The current portion of long-term debt included in current liabilities was 8.4 million and 6.2 million at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, we had availability of approximately 70.0 million under our revolving credit facility. 
 The following table and discussion reflect our changes in cash flows for the comparative nine month periods. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 61,852 72,680 Investing activities (24,734) (51,224) Financing activities 84,716 157,029 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 121,834 178,485 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 61.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 72.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 10.8 million decrease in 2024 was primarily driven by changes in the operating assets and liabilities. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 24.7 million and 51.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investing activities included additions to property, equipment and software of 17.0 million, 0.2 million related to net payments received on loans to ISOs and 7.5 million related to the acquisition of intangible assets and an investment in an unconsolidated entity. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities included the acquisition of business of 28.2 million, 7.9 million of cash used to fund acquisitions of intangible assets, 15.3 million of cash used to acquire property, equipment and software and offset by 0.2 million related to net payments received on loans to ISOs. 
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 84.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 157.0 million of cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included changes in the net obligations for funds held on the behalf of customers of 116.1 million and borrowings under the 2024 Credit Agreement net of issue discounts of 830.2 million, offset by 661.9 million of cash used for the repayment of the principal of the 2021 Credit Agreement and debt issuance and modification costs related to the refinancing, 167.8 million related to the redemption of senior preferred stock and accumulated unpaid dividend, 2.1 million for the redemption of redeemable NCI in subsidiary, 22.1 million of cash dividends paid to redeemable senior preferred stockholders, 1.2 million of cash used for shares withheld for taxes and 5.0 million of payments of contingent consideration. The net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 28.2 million of cash used for the repayment of debt, 17.9 million of cash dividends paid to redeemable senior preferred stockholders, 1.0 million of cash used for shares withheld for taxes and share repurchases, 4.7 million of payments of contingent consideration for business combinations and 0.9 million of debt modification costs, which was offset by changes in the net obligations for funds held on the behalf of customers of 165.6 million and 44.0 million in borrowings under the revolving credit facility. 
 38 

Long-term Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding debt obligations, including the current portion and net of unamortized debt discount of 816.4 million, compared to 638.7 million at December 31, 2023, resulting in an increase of 177.8 million. The increase is due to the refinancing of the 2021 Credit Agreement on May 16, 2024. The debt balance at September 30, 2024 consisted of 832.9 million outstanding under the term facility offset by 16.5 million of unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs. Minimum amortization of the term facility are equal quarterly installments in aggregate annual amounts equal to 1.0 of the original principal, with the balance paid upon maturity. The term facility matures on May 16, 2031 and the revolving credit facility matures on May 16, 2029. 
 The Credit Agreement contains representations and warranties, financial and collateral requirements, mandatory payment events, events of default and affirmative and negative covenants, including without limitation, covenants that restrict among other things, the ability to create liens, pay dividends or distribute assets from the loan parties to the Company, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, incur additional indebtedness, make certain investments or acquisitions, enter into certain transactions (including with affiliates) and to enter into certain leases. 
 If the aggregate principal amount of outstanding revolving loans and letters of credit under the 2024 Credit Agreement exceeds 35 of the total revolving credit facility thereunder, the loan parties are required to comply with certain restrictions on its Total Net Leverage Ratio. If applicable, the maximum permitted Total Net Leverage Ratio is: 1) 6.90:1.00 at each fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 through December 31, 2025; 2) 6.40:1.00 at each fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026 and each fiscal quarter thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants in the 2024 Credit Agreement. 

Effect of New Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standards setting bodies that may affect our current and/or future financial statements. See Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies , to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our exposures to market risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized or reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and regulations and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer (CEO), our principal financial officer (CFO) and, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Company's CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 39 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 As of June 30, 2024, the public float of the Company exceeded 75.0 million resulting in a change in the filing status of the Company to an accelerated filer. 
 
 40 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved in certain legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of the Company, based on consultations with internal and external counsel, the results of any of these ordinary course matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. As more information becomes available and we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable on a claim and that the amount of probable loss that we will incur on that claim is reasonably estimable, we will record an accrued expense for the claim in question. If and when we record such an accrual, it could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in our Annual Report under Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" because these risk factors may affect our operations and financial results. The risks described in the Annual Report are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company's purchases of its Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1-31, 2024 13,624 5.47 690,296 August 1-31, 2024 57,048 5.45 690,296 September 1-30, 2024 36,439 6.01 690,296 Total 107,111 5.65 
 (1) Represents shares (in whole units) withheld to satisfy employees' tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock awards, which was determined based on the fair market value on the vesting date. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 N/A 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 N/A 
 
 41 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 On June 16, 2023, Sean Kiewiet, an officer of the Company as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(a) of the SEC's Regulation S-K. 
 Officer or Director Name and Title Action Plan Type Date Number of Shares to be sold Expiration Sean Kiewiet, 
 Chief Strategy Officer 
 Adopted Rule 10b5-1 June 16, 2023 620,000 December 31, 2024 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2018, by and among Priority Investment Holdings, Priority Incentive Equity Holdings, LLC and M I Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14(a), filed July 5, 2018). 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 5, 2021, by and among the Company, Finxera, Merger Sub, and the Equityholder Representative. 
 2.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Priority Technology Holdings dated April 16, 2021, filed April 29, 2021 
 2.4 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Finxera Holdings, Inc., Prime Warrior Acquisition Corp., and Stone Point Capital LLC. 
 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 31, 2018). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 31, 2018). 
 4.1 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 13, 2016, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 16, 2016). 
 4.2 
 Certificate of Designations of Senior Preferred Stock 
 10.1 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 25, 2018 by and among M I Acquisitions, Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 31, 2018). 
 10.2 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 31, 2018). 
 10.3 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10.3.1 
 Amendment No. 1 to Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10.4 
 Director Agreement by and among Priority Holdings LLC, Pipeline Cynergy Holdings, LLC, Priority Payment Systems Holdings, LLC and Thomas C. Priore, dated May 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A, filed December 26, 2018). 
 10.5 
 Amendment No. 1 to Director Agreement by and among Priority Holdings LLC, Pipeline Cynergy Holdings, LLC, Priority Payment Systems Holdings, LLC and Thomas C. Priore, dated April 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4/A, filed December 26, 2018). 
 10.6 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 29, 2019). 
 10.7 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between MRI Payments LLC, MRI Software LLC, and Priority Real Estate Technology LLC, dated August 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2020). 
 10.8 
 Support Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2021, by and among the Stockholders and Finxera 
 10.9 
 Debt Commitment Letter, dated as of March 5, 2021, between Priority Holdings, LLC and Truist Securities, Inc. 
 
 42 

10.10 
 Preferred Stock Commitment Letter, dated as of March 5, 2021, among the Company and certain affiliates of Ares Capital Management LLC 
 10.11 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2021, among the Company and the Investors named therein 
 10.12 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2021, among the Company and the Investors name therein 
 10.17 
 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 10.18 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. and Tim O'Leary, dated September 19, 2022. 
 10.19 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Recoupment Policy adopted March 1, 2023 
 10.20 
 Amendment No. 1 to Equity and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and among Plastiq, Powered by Priority, LLC, Plastiq Inc., PLV Inc. and Nearside Business Corp. 
 10.21 
 Side Letter Agreement, dated July 28, 2023, by and between Plastiq, Powered by Priority, LLC and Colonnade Acquisition Corp. II. 
 10.22 
 Earnout Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and among Plastiq, Powered by Priority, LLC, Plastiq Inc., PLV Inc., Nearside Business Corp., Blue Torch Finance, LLC and Priority Holdings, LLC. 
 10.23 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of the Powers, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional and Other Special Rights, and Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions thereof, of Senior Preferred Stock. 
 10.24 
 Rule 10b5-1 Sales Plan, dated June 16, 2023, by and between Sean Kiewiet and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. 
 10.25 
 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2024, by and among Priority Holdings, LLC, as the Initial Borrower, the Credit Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Indicates exhibits that constitute management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements. 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PRIORITY TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 November 7, 2024 /s/ Thomas C. Priore 
 Thomas C. Priore 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 7, 2024 /s/ Timothy M. O'Leary 
 Tim O'Leary 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

44 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex211subsidiariesofpriorit.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 
 Priority Holdings, LLC 
 Priority Payment Systems, LLC 
 Priority Hospitality Technology, LLC 
 Priority Ovvi, LLC 
 Priority Payright Health Solutions, LLC 
 Priority Commerce Canada, Inc. (Canada) 
 Priority Real Estate Technology, LLC 
 Priority Finance, LLC 
 Priority Commercial Payments, LLC 
 Plastiq, Powered by Priority LLC 
 Plastiq Canada, Inc. (Canada) 
 Finxera Holdings, Inc. 
 Finxera Intermediate, LLC 
 Finxera, Inc. 
 Priority IDC Private Limited (India) 
 Enhanced Capital RETC Fund XII, LLC 
 Priority Account Administration Services, Inc. 
 Priority Tech Ventures, LLC 
 Priority Ambient TPA Solutions, LLC 
 Priority Property Rev, LLC 
 Priority Wave, LLC 
 Priority Build, LLC 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 Priority IR, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311prioritytechnologyq22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 303 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Thomas C. Priore, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 November 7, 2024 s THOMAS C. PRIORE Thomas C. Priore Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312prioritytechnologyq22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 l 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 303 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Timothy M. O Leary, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 November 7, 2024 s TIMOTHY M. O LEARY Timothy M. O Leary Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.>
 5
 ex32prioritytechnologyq220.htm
 EX-32.

Document 
 Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s THOMAS C. PRIORE Thomas C. Priore Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 7, 2024 s TIMOTHY M. O LEARY Timothy M. O Leary Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certifications are being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and are not being filed as part of the Report on Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 prth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 prth-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 prth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 prth-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 prth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

