<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1966394_0001966394-24-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6299885</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119032</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>996627</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2475092</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1304593</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1280434</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001966394-24-000030.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114170211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001966394-24-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fortress Net Lease REIT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001966394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				921937121
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56632
		FILM NUMBER:		241464017

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-798-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001966394-24-000030.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 fnlr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fnlr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which 
 registered: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 14, 2024 , the issuer had the following shares outstanding: Class F-S shares, Class F-I shares, Class D shares and Class E shares. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of Fortress Net Lease REIT (the Company, we, us, or our ). We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Some of the statements in this Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q may include statements as to: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the assets in which we may invest; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our investment strategy; 
 our ability to source adequate investment opportunities to efficiently deploy capital; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements and investments; 
 the effect of global and national economic and market conditions generally upon our operating results, including, but not limited to, changes with respect to inflation, interest rate changes and supply chain disruptions, and changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our investments; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with FNLR Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ), or any of its affiliates; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the assets in which we may invest; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our ability to structure investments in a tax-efficient manner and the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 our tax status and the tax status and attributes of entities and assets in which we may invest. 
 i 

In addition, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expect, anticipate, target, project, estimate, intend, continue or believe or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 2. Financial Information Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in our Registration Statement on Form 10 initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 1, 2024 (as amended, the Form 10 ). Other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially include: 
 changes in the economy, particularly those affecting the real estate industry; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism, natural disasters, epidemics or other events having a broad impact on the economy; 
 investing in commercial real estate assets involves certain risks, including but not limited to: tenants inability to pay rent; increases in interest rates and lack of availability of financing; tenant turnover and vacancies; and changes in supply of or demand for similar properties in a given market; 
 adverse conditions in the areas where our investments or the properties underlying such investments are and may be located and local real estate conditions; 
 limitations on our business and our ability to satisfy requirements to maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust (a REIT ), for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 certain economic events may cause our shareholders to request that we repurchase their shares, and if we decide to satisfy any or all of such requests, our cash flow and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Further, our board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify or suspend our share repurchase plan (including to make exceptions to the repurchase limitations or purchase fewer shares than such repurchase limitations) if it deems such action to be in our best interest; 
 distributions are not guaranteed and may be funded from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds (including from sales of our shares or units of our Operating Partnership (as defined below)), and the sale of our assets, and we have no limits on the amounts we may fund from such sources; 
 the purchase and repurchase prices for our shares are generally based on our prior month s net asset value NAV and are not based on any public trading market. The Adviser will value our properties monthly, based on current material market data and other information deemed relevant, subject to the review and confirmation for reasonableness by our independent valuation advisor. The valuation of properties is inherently subjective and our NAV may not accurately reflect the actual price at which our properties could be liquidated on any given day; 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas; 
 our limited opportunities to increase rents under long-term leases with tenants; 
 our ability to raise additional funds to enable us to make additional investments and diversify the risk profile of our portfolio; 
 our ability to capitalize on potential investment opportunities, or identify and purchase suitable properties on attractive terms; 
 our ability to integrate newly acquired investments into our existing portfolio or otherwise effectively manage our assets or growth; 
 our ability to accurately identify or adequately evaluate potential risks in volatile investing environments with limited market liquidity or price transparency; 
 the impact of macroeconomic and/or microeconomic developments on our tenants and potential tenants; 
 i 

risks associated with the construction and renovation of our properties; 
 our ability to adequately maintain properties in accordance with the terms of the applicable leases or agreements; 
 the advent of any future epidemics, pandemics, or any other public health crises; 
 risks associated with the termination or expiration of leases and tenant defaults, which may be further exacerbated in the case whereby a single tenant is the counterparty to more than a single property; 
 risks associated with our use of single master leases and the enforceability of any such master leases under applicable law and/or in bankruptcy proceedings; 
 risks associated with investing outside of the United States; 
 the incurrence of contingent liabilities as a result of our investments, including our assumption of default risk or other third-party risks; 
 our use of financing arrangements, including seller financing, secured and unsecured leveraged and other one-off financing solutions, could subject us to financial covenants and other covenants that could restrict our operations; 
 our ability to forecast correlations between the value of our portfolio and the direction of exchange rates, interest rates and the price of securities in order to effectively or appropriately mitigate risks associated with our investments; 
 risks associated with our hedging program, including our use of options and forward trading; 
 our ability to accurately predict the pre-determined fixed repurchase price vis- -vis the fair value of a property as of a future date; 
 certain risks associated with limitations on our remedies under bankruptcy laws; 
 our limited rights and liquidity associated with our investments in non-controlling equity positions and other real-estate related interests; 
 system failures and cybersecurity breaches; 
 substantial compliance costs that may be required to meet the constantly evolving legal and regulatory landscape for data protection and privacy; 
 competition in our markets, which may prevent our ability to increase the occupancy and rental rates of our properties; 
 potential misconduct and unauthorized conduct from third-party providers; 
 substantial capital expenditures that may be required to comply with regulations and/or to obtain necessary permits and licenses to invest in certain properties; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT requires us to annually distribute at least 90 of our taxable income, and therefore, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including financing for acquisitions, from our operating cash flow, and may need to rely on third-party sources for capital; 
 our properties and properties underlying our investments may have design, construction or other defects or problems that require unforeseen capital expenditures, special repair or maintenance expenses, or the payment of damages to third parties, which may also affect their valuations; 
 compliance with state and local laws, statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to pollution, the protection of the environment and human health and safety; 
 our ability to obtain insurance for our properties at competitive market rates; 
 ii 

any limitations on our recourse under purchase and sale agreements to acquire properties; 
 risks associated with joint ventures; 
 risks associated with litigation or threatened litigation for damages that occur on, or liabilities derived from, the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our properties; 
 risks associated with our relationship with Fortress Investment Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Fortress ), and the Adviser; and 
 changes to United States federal income tax laws. 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions could also be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a forward-looking statement in this Form 10-Q should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 
 You should read this Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference herein and have filed as exhibits hereto with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 For more information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties that we face, see the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Form 10 and any such updated factors included in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this document (or our other filings). 
 iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) : 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from the Date of Formation through September 30, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement s of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from the Date of Formation through September 30, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from the Date of Formation through September 30, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from the Date of Formation through September 30, 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 11 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 38 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 39 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 41 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 41 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 41 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 41 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 41 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 43 
 SIGNATURES 
 44 
 
 iv 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fortress Net Lease REIT Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 As of 
 As of 
 Assets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investments in real estate, net Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Subscriptions received in advance Due to affiliate Revolving credit facility and term loan Accounts payable and accrued expenses Distribution payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 10) par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class F-I shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class F-I X shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class B-X shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class C shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class D shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Common stock - Class D-X shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class E shares, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Fortress Net Lease REIT Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (in thousands, except per share data) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, For the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Rental revenue Total revenue Expenses Organizational costs General and administrative Management fee Performance participation allocation Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other income (expense) Interest income Interest expense, net ) ) Total other income (expense) Net income Net income per share of common stock basic and diluted 
 (Net income per share amount - see Note 11) 
 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted (Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding - see Note 11) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Fortress Net Lease REIT Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) (in thousands) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, For the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on derivatives ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Fortress Net Lease REIT Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) (in thousands) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 Par Value Class F-S Class F-I Class F-I X Class B-X Class C Class D Class D-X Class E Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Common stock issued Offering costs ) ) Distribution reinvestment Share class exchange ) ) Common stock redeemed ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Distributions declared on common stock (gross per share amount - see Note 9) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Par Value Class F-S Class F-I Class F-I X Class B-X Class C Class D Class D-X Class E Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 Common stock issued Offering costs Distribution reinvestment Share class exchange Common stock redeemed Other comprehensive loss Net income Distributions declared on common stock Balance at September 30, 2023 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Par Value Class F-S Class F-I Class F-I X Class B-X Class C Class D Class D-X Class E Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Common stock issued Offering costs ) ) Distribution reinvestment Share class exchange ) ) ) ) Common stock redeemed ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Distributions declared on common stock (gross per share amount - see Note 9) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

For the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023 Par Value Class F-S Class F-I Class F-I X Class B-X Class 
 C 
 Class D Class D-X Class E Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Balance at January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) Common stock issued Offering costs Distribution reinvestment Share class exchange Common stock redeemed Other comprehensive loss Net income Distributions declared on common stock Balance at September 30, 2023 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Fortress Net Lease REIT Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (in thousands) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 For the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Organizational costs Depreciation and amortization Management fee Performance participation allocation Other items ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in other assets ) Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of real estate ) ) Capital expenditures and improvements ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under revolving credit facility and term loan Proceeds from affiliate note payable Repayment of revolving credit facility and term loan ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Redemptions of common stock ) Subscriptions received in advance Payment of distributions to common shareholders ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the condensed consolidated balance sheet: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Non-cash investing and financing activities: Changes in accrued capital expenditures Distributions declared and unpaid See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

Dividend reinvestment Advanced offering costs due to affiliate Issuance of Class E shares as payment of the management fee Share class exchange Interest rate swap ) Accrued stockholders servicing fee Redemptions payable to common stock 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Fortress Net Lease REIT Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 reportable segment. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company owned investments in real estate, of which are subject to build-to-suit leases, and for which the Company executed triple net lease agreements to fully lease the properties. All acquisitions are industrial or retail properties located in the United States. 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company initiated the offering of its shares through a continuous private placement offering, under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares of beneficial interests, par value per share. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing shareholder servicing fees. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had received aggregate proceeds of million from the sales of shares of its common stock through this initial offering. 
 
 2. 
 11 

- years 
 Tenant improvements years Land improvements - years 
 In-place lease intangibles Over lease term 
 12 

million and million, respectively, as Depreciation and amortization expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company did recognize any depreciation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2023 or the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023 . 
 The Company capitalizes certain costs related to the development of real estate, including pre-construction costs, construction costs, real estate taxes and insurance. Additionally, the Company capitalizes interest costs related to development activities. Capitalization of these costs begin when the activities and related expenditures commence and cease when the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use at which time the project is placed in service and depreciation commences but no later than after substantial completion. 
 The Company reviews real estate properties for impairment quarterly or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impaired value. Since cash flows on real estate properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are evaluated on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, the Company s strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If the Company s strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material to our results. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value. No impairments occurred during the periods presented. 
 Definite-lived intangible lease assets are recorded as Intangible assets on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized at lease commencement over the life of the lease. The amortization of in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to Depreciation and amortization expense on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recognized amortization expense in the amount of million and million, respectively, as Depreciation and amortization expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company did recognize any amortization expense during the three months ended September 30, 2023 or the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023. 
 The Company reviews indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicate a decrease in value. If there are qualitative factors that indicate it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, the Company calculates the fair value of the asset and will record the impairment charge if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. This new cost basis will be used for future periods when recording subsequent loss and cannot be written up to a higher value as a result of increases in fair value . No impairments occurred during the periods presented. 
 13 

. The Company did not hold any derivatives as of December 31, 2023. 
 14 

of Class E shares for services provided. The annual award of common shares will vest from the date of grant and will be based on the then-current per share transaction price of Class E shares at the time of issuance. The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . See Note 9 Equity for additional information regarding share-based compensation. 
 
 3. 
 Land and land improvements Construction in progress Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in real estate, net 
 Acquisitions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company acquired industrial and retail properties for million. The total rentable square feet of gross leasable area GLA of the Company was thousand and thousand square feet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively, all of which is fully occupied. 
 15 

Industrial Industrial Industrial Retail Retail Retail Retail Retail Industrial Industrial Retail Retail Industrial Retail Industrial 
 During the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023, the Company acquired a leasehold interest and property under development for approximately million. 
 Land and land improvements Construction in progress In-place lease intangibles Total purchase price 
 
 The following table details the purchase price allocation for the properties acquired during the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023 in thousands): 
 Amount Buildings and building improvements Land and land improvements Construction in progress In-place lease intangibles Total purchase price 

16 

4. 
 Condominium interest Total intangible assets Accumulated amortization In-place lease intangibles ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 5. 
 General and administrative expenses Accrued management fee Performance participation allocation Total 
 Advanced Organizational and Offering Costs 
 The Adviser agreed to advance all of the organization and offering costs on behalf of the Company (including legal, marketing, due diligence, administrative, accounting, transfer agent fees and other expenses attributable to the Company s organization) through November 1, 2024. Such costs will be reimbursed to the Adviser on a pro-rata basis over a -month period beginning November 1, 2024, the first anniversary of the date on which the Company broke escrow for its private offering, and are recorded as a component of Due to affiliate on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Approximately million and million of reimbursable costs were payable to the Adviser at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively. 
 Accrued Management Fee 
 The Company will pay the Adviser a management fee ranging from to of net asset value NAV per annum payable monthly. However, the Adviser has waived the management fee for six months for certain investors measured from the later of (i) the day on which such shareholder first purchased any waiver-eligible shares and (ii) if applicable, the 
 17 

and Class E shares, respectively, and recognized management fees of million and million , respectively, on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company did issue shares or incur management fees during the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023 . 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 The Special Limited Partner holds a performance participation interest in FNLR OP that entitles it to receive an allocation of total return. This allocation is an expense to the Company as it represents a liability payable for services rendered relating to ongoing operations of the Company. Total return is defined as total distributions plus the change in the Company s NAV per share, adjusted for subscriptions and repurchases. The Special Limited Partner is entitled to an allocation from FNLR OP equal to (i) for the Class F-S units, Class F-D units, Class F-I units (including Class F-I X units which are eligible for a waiver of performance participation allocation), Class B units and Class E units of FNLR OP, of total return and (ii) for the Class C units of FNLR OP, of total return in each case, after the other unit holders have received a total return of (after recouping any loss carryforward amount). The allocation of the performance participation interest is measured on a calendar year basis, made annually and accrued monthly, and is payable in Class A units of FNLR OP, Class E shares or cash at the election of the Special Limited Partner. The Special Limited Partner has waived the performance participation for for certain investors measured from the applicable Issuance Date. In addition, the Special Limited Partner s performance participation interest with respect to Class E units of FNLR OP will be waived by the Special Limited Partner following the time that the Company qualifies as a publicly offered REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 and , respectively, of performance participation allocation expense in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company did recognize any performance participation allocation expense during the period from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023 

6. 
 18 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 7. 
 
 8/13/2027 Term loan facility 8/13/2027 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes a million sublimit of standby letters of credit. 
 At the option of the Borrower, the Credit Facilities will bear interest at either (i) a rate equal to term secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") or daily simple SOFR plus a margin rate ranging from to or (ii) a base rate based on the highest of (A) Federal Fund's Rate plus half of 1 , (B) Bank of America's prime rate, (C) Term SOFR plus and (D) . The secured revolving credit facility is subject to a per annum fee based on the daily unused portion of the facility ranging from to to and is payable quarterly in arrears. The Credit Facilities are prepayable, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty. 
 The Company is subject to various financial and operational covenants under the Credit Facilities. These covenants require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios, which include leverage and fixed charge coverage, among others. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of its loan covenants. 
 
 8. 
 
 million and expires on August 13, 2027. Under the swap agreement, the Company receives a floating rate Daily Weighted Average Secured Overnight Financing Rate and pays a fixed rate of interest. 
 
 The fair value of the interest rate swap as of September 30, 2024 was and is included in Other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did not hold an interest rate swap as of December 31, 2023. Accrued interest income of was included in Interest expense as reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. 
 19 

9. 
 classes of common shares including Class F-S, Class F-D, Class F-I, Class B, Class C, Class D and Class E. The Company also presents Class F-I X, Class B-X, and Class D-X, which represent Class F-I common shares, Class B common shares, and Class D common shares, respectively, that are currently entitled to a fee waiver, as described in the Form 10. Each class of common shares and preferred shares has a par value of . The Company s board of trustees has the ability to establish the preferences and rights of each class or series of preferred shares, without shareholder approval, and as such, it may afford the holders of any series or class of preferred shares preferences, powers and rights senior to the rights of holders of common shares. The differences among the common share classes relate to ongoing servicing fees, management fees, performance participation allocation and share repurchase rights. Other than differences in fees and repurchase rights, each class of common shares has the same economic and voting rights. 
 Common Shares 
 Common shares issued Distribution reinvestment Class transfers ) ) Common shares repurchased ) ) September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class F-S Class F-I Class 
 F-I X (1) 
 Class 
 B-X (1) 
 Class 
 C 
 Class D Class 
 D-X (1) 
 Class E Total December 31, 2023 Common shares issued Distribution reinvestment Class transfers ) ) ) ) Common shares repurchased ) ) September 30, 2024 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Class F-I X, Class B-X and Class D-X represent Class F-I, Class B and Class D shares, respectively, that are currently entitled to a fee waiver, as described in the Form 10. 

of the Company s aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). Shares or units issued to the Adviser and its affiliates as payment for 
 20 

shares of common shares for a total of million. The Company had no unfulfilled repurchase requests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company had repurchase requests from January 24, 2023 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2023. 
 Distributions 
 The Company generally intends to distribute substantially all of its taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income in accordance with GAAP, to its shareholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Code. Each class of common shares receive the sam e gross distribution p er share during the period the Adviser and Special Limited Partner have waived the management fee and performance participation allocation, respectively. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class 
 F-S (1) 
 Class 
 F-I (1) 
 Class 
 F-I X (1) 
 Class 
 B-X (1) 
 Class 
 C (1) 
 Class 
 D (1) 
 Class D-X Class E Aggregate net distributions declared per share 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Shares were outstanding for a portion of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 and of non-cash compensation expense at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 10. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively, in connection with its properties under development. 
 21 

11.) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Net income/(loss) per common share 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Class F-S Class F-I Class F-I X Class B-X Class C Class D Class D-X Class E Total Net income/(loss) ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Net income/(loss) per common share 

12. 
 common shares, consisting of Class F-S shares, Class F-I shares, Class D shares (of which shares were eligible for a waiver of management fees and performance participation, see "Note 5 - Related Party Transactions") and Class E shares, to accredited investors in the Company s private offering, amounting to proceeds of million to the Company as payment for such shares, including shares issued pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 On October 14, 2024 , the Company issued Class E common shares to the Adviser as payment for of management fees. 
 22 

common shares, consisting of Class F-S shares, Class F-I shares, Class D shares and Class E shares, to accredited investors in the Company's private offering, amounting to proceeds of million to the Company as payment for such shares, including shares issued pursuant to the Company's distribution reinvestment plan. 
 On November 13, 2024, the Company issued Class E common shares to the Adviser as payment for of management fees. 
 Borrowings 
 On October 18, 2024 , the Credit Facilities were amended to increase the aggregate commitments to the revolving credit facility from million to million and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loan from million to million. Additionally, all commitments and outstanding amounts under the Credit Facilities will be due in full on October 17, 2025 and the number of one year extensions was increased from option to options. 
 Acquisitions 
 On October 23, 2024 , the Company acquired industrial properties located across states within the United States for million . The properties were subsequently leased back to the seller under an absolute triple net master lease. 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company acquired retail property in Leesburg, Florida for million. The property was subsequently leased backed to the seller under an absolute triple net master lease. 
 Amended Offering Documents 
 On November 14, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized the Company to (i) cancel the Class B and Class C common shares (none of which were outstanding), (ii) rename the Class D common shares as Class D-S common shares and (iii) offer and sell new classes of common shares to be designated the Class S common shares , Class D common shares and Class I common shares . The Class S, Class D and Class I common shares will pay a management fee and a performance participation interest. 

23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to Fortress Net Lease REIT, we, us, our, FNLR, and the Company refer to Fortress Net Lease REIT, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Form 10. 
 
 Overview 
 Fortress Net Lease REIT invests primarily in single-tenant, net leased assets. We own all or substantially all of our assets through FNLR OP LP, a subsidiary of the Company (the Operating Partnership ). FNLR GP LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. We are externally managed by FNLR Management, LLC. The Company s principal business is the acquisition, ownership, financing and leasing of single-tenant commercial real estate properties subject to long-term net leases with investment grade and other creditworthy tenants or guarantors, and our management does not distinguish our principal business, or group our operations, by geography or property type for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, we have only one reportable segment. 
 The Company was formed on January 24, 2023 (the "Date of Formation") as a Maryland statutory trust; however, no activity occurred until we acquired our first property on September 28, 2023. 
 The Company is a non-listed, perpetual life REIT that has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we have received aggregate proceeds of 652.1 million from the sale of our common shares. The Company has contributed the proceeds to the Operating Partnership in exchange for a corresponding number of Operating Partnership units that correspond to the classes of our shares sold. The Operating Partnership has primarily used the proceeds to make investments in real estate as further described below under Investment Portfolio. The Company intends to continue selling shares on a monthly basis. 
 
 Market Conditions and Trends 
 The Company s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the persistence of both elevated inflation and interest rates, in conjunction with geopolitical uncertainty (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East, including between Israel and Hamas and other developing conflicts), and uncertainty around future capital availability continued to weigh on industry deal activity and market valuations. 
 However, industry transaction volumes increased slightly compared to the previous quarter and are expected to continue to grow. Our real estate business, focused on triple net leases, continued to deploy significant capital. Our investors continue to benefit from the inflation-mitigating characteristics and long term risk adjusted returns of the net lease structure, including contractually guaranteed and highly predictable net rent growth and long-duration income flows across the portfolio. 
 We are continuing to closely monitor developments related to the macroeconomic factors that have contributed to market volatility, and to assess the impact of these factors on financial markets and on our business. Our future results may be adversely affected by slowdowns in fundraising activity and the pace of capital deployment. It remains difficult to predict the ultimate effects of these events on the financial markets, overall economy, and our financial statements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations in our Form 10. 
 24 

Recent Developments 
 Since September 30, 2024 , through and including the date hereof, we (i) have acquired three industrial properties and one retail property located across the United States for 206.9 million and 3.2 million, respectively, (ii) amended the Credit Facilities (as defined below) and (iii) issued and sold an aggregate of 10,662,355 common shares in our private offering, resulting in proceeds of 107.3 million (see Item 1. Financial Statements Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 12. Subsequent Events Acquisitions and the section titled Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds ). 
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 On October 18, 2024, FNLR OP LP, as borrower (the Borrower ), the Company, as guarantor, the other guarantors party thereto (together with the Company, the Guarantors and, collectively with the Borrower, the Loan Parties ), entered into that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement and New Lender Joinder Agreement (the First Amendment with Bank of America, N.A. BofA ), as sole lender under that certain Credit Agreement dated August 13, 2024, among the Loan Parties and BofA (the Credit Agreement ), immediately prior to the effectiveness of the First Amendment, each of Capital One, National Association, KeyBank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as new revolving credit lenders and new term lenders, and BofA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and as the sole L/C Issuer under the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which (i) the aggregate commitments to the revolving credit facility pursuant to the Credit Agreement increased from 120.0 million to 350.0 million, of which 25.0 million is available for standby letters of credit (the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the term loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement increased from 5.0 million to 100.0 million (the Term Loan Facility and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities ). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Facilities, all commitments and amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities will be due and payable in full on October 17, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). The First Amendment increased the number of one year extensions of the Maturity Date the Borrower may request from one option to three options. 
 The obligations of the Loan Parties under the Credit Facilities are secured by (i) a pledge of the equity interests of certain of the Company s subsidiaries, (ii) the rights to receive income, gain, profits or other items of each Loan Party that is a pledgor and (iii) all proceeds of the foregoing, in each case subject to certain exclusions set forth in the Credit Facilities At the option of the Borrower, the Credit Facilities will bear interest at either (i) a rate equal to term secured overnight financing rate SOFR or daily simple SOFR plus a margin rate ranging from 1.40 to 1.90 or (ii) a base rate based on the highest of (A) Federal Funds Rate plus half of 1 , (B) BofA s prime rate, (C) Term SOFR plus 1.00 and (D) 1.00 . The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a per annum fee based on the daily unused portion of the facility ranging from 0.15 to 0.25 and is payable quarterly in arrears. The Credit Facilities are prepayable, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty. 
 The Credit Facilities contain various restrictions and covenants applicable to the Loan Parties that are customary for syndicated credit facilities, including restrictions on the Company's ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens and make certain investments. Among other requirements, the Loan Parties may not exceed certain debt limitations and must ensure compliance with certain financial ratios. 
 The Credit Facilities also contain customary events of default. If an event of default under the Credit Facilities occurs and is continuing, then the Administrative Agent may declare any outstanding obligations under the Credit Facilities to be immediately due and payable. In addition, if the Borrower becomes the subject of voluntary or involuntary proceedings under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, then any outstanding obligations under the Credit Facilities will automatically become due and payable. 
 
 Acquisition of Industrial Portfolio 
 
 On October 23, 2024, a subsidiary of the Company entered into an agreement for the purchase and sale of real estate (the "Syngenta Purchase Agreement") with certain subsidiaries of Syngenta AG (the "Syngenta Seller"), pursuant to which a subsidiary of the Company acquired a portfolio of three industrial properties from the Syngenta Seller for an aggregate purchase price of 206.9 million (such transaction, the "Syngenta Acquisition," and such properties, the "Acquired Syngenta Properties"). The Syngenta Acquisition was consummated substantially concurrently with the execution of the Syngenta Purchase Agreement and upon the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, and was financed using proceeds from the Company's continuous private offering and the Credit Facilities. 
 
 25 

The Acquired Syngenta Properties include one property located in Vero Beach, Florida, one property located in Lone Tree, Iowa and one property located in Waterloo, Nebraska. Upon closing of the Syngenta Acquisition, the Acquired Syngenta Properties were leased back to the Syngenta Seller pursuant to an absolute triple net master lease. 
 
 The Syngneta Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties for a transaction of this type. Subject to the provisions of the Syngenta Purchase Agreement, the parties have agreed to indemnify each other from the certain losses resulting from breaches of their respective representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the Syngenta Purchase Agreement. 
 Amended Offering Documents 
 On November 14, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized the Company to (i) cancel the Class B and Class C common shares (none of which were outstanding), (ii) rename the Class D common shares as Class D-S common shares and (iii) offer and sell new classes of common shares to be designated the Class S common shares , Class D common shares and Class I common shares . The Class S, Class D and Class I common shares will pay a 1.25 management fee and a 12.5 performance participation interest. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We are and will remain an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the "JOBS Act") until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the date of an initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the date of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive because we may rely on some or all of these exemptions. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We will take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us since our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 
 
 Q3 2024 Highlights 
 Operating Results 
 Declared monthly net distributions totaling 9.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 . The details of our total returns are shown in the following table: 
 Class F-S Class F-D Class F-I Class 
 F-I X (2)(3) 
 Class 
 B-X (2)(3) 
 Class D Class D-X (3) 
 Class E Inception-to-Date Total Return (1) 
 1.08 4.29 3.61 6.41 7.43 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the respective periods plus any distributions per share declared in the period and assumes any distributions are reinvested in accordance with our distribution reinvestment plan. Shares were initially issued for Class D-X, Class F-I, Class D and Class F-S on January 1, 2024, March 1, 2024, May 1, 2024 and September 1, 2024, respectively. Class F-I X and Class E shares were initially issued on November 1, 2023. The Company believes total return is a useful measure of the overall investment performance of our shares. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, there were no Class F-I X, Class B or Class B-X shares outstanding. All Class F-I X, Class B and Class B-X shares were automatically converted into Class F-I shares. 
 26 

(3) Class F-I X, Class B-X and Class D-X represent Class F-I, Class B and Class D shares, respectively, that are currently entitled to a fee waiver, as described in the Form 10. 
 Investments 
 Acquired 40 properties with a total purchase price of 243.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . The acquisitions are consistent with our strategy of acquiring diversified, income-producing, single-tenant, net leased commercial properties. 
 Capital Activity and Financings 
 Raised proceeds of 110.9 million from the sale of our common shares for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Overall Portfolio 
 As of September 30, 2024 , our portfolio was comprised of 65 industrial and 32 retail properties, with (i) buildings, (ii) land and (iii) properties under development, representing 49 , 29 and 22 , respectively, of our total portfolio value based on historical cost. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Real Estate Investments 
 The following table provides a summary of our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 (square feet in thousands) : 
 Property Type Location Number of Properties Square Feet (1) 
 Occupancy 
 Rate (1) 
 Acquisition Date Ownership Interest Industrial Hanover, PA 1 N/A N/A 9/28/2023 100 Industrial Berkeley, MO 1 N/A N/A 11/1/2023 100 Industrial Stanton, TN 1 N/A N/A 11/30/2023 100 Industrial Appleton, WI 1 983 100 12/28/2023 100 Industrial Parkesburg, PA 1 242 100 1/29/2024 100 Industrial Tiffin, OH and Newberg, OR 2 (2) 
 401 100 2/29/2024 100 Industrial Orem, UT 3 (2) 
 254 100 3/29/2024 100 Industrial Various (3) 
 27 (2) 
 1,094 100 4/11/2024 100 Retail Washington 6 (2) 
 25 100 5/7/2024 100 Retail Kentucky 7 (2) 
 25 100 6/11/2024 100 Retail New Hampshire 4 (2) 
 20 100 6/11/2024 100 Retail Illinois 3 (2) 
 21 100 6/28/2024 100 Retail Alabama 4 (2) 
 38 100 7/9/2024 100 Industrial Various (4) 
 22 (2) 
 1,331 100 8/13/2024 100 Industrial Indiana Ohio 2 (2) 
 137 100 8/22/2024 100 Retail Louisiana 5 (2) 
 30 100 8/27/2024 100 Retail Walterboro, South Carolina 1 6 100 9/6/2024 100 Industrial Bergen, NY 1 N/A N/A 8/29/2024 100 Retail Florida 2 (2) 
 11 100 9/25/2024 100 Industrial Georgia 3 (2) 
 343 100 9/26/2024 100 Total 97 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Information is excluded for properties under development. 
 (2) Properties subject to master lease agreements. 
 27 

(3) Properties are located in California, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Utah. 
 (4) Properties are located in Alaska, California, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, and Utah. 
 Lease Expirations 
 The following schedule details the expiring leases at our real estate properties by annualized base rent and square footage as of September 30, 2024 and square feet in thousands) : 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized Base Rent of Total Annualized Base Rent Expiring Square Feet (1) 
 of Total Square Feet Expiring 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 Thereafter 20 61,939 100 6,298 100 Total 20 61,939 100 6,298 100 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Information is included for properties under development. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 From the Date of Formation through September 27, 2023, the Company had not commenced principal operations and was focused on formation and private offering activities. The Company's results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from the Date of Formation through September 30, 2023, respectively, are not comparable, and accordingly, no comparative amounts for the period from the Date of Formation through September 30, 2023 are discussed. 
 28 

The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 in thousands, except per share data): 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 Revenue Rental revenue 11,229 Total revenue 11,229 Expenses Organizational costs 1,347 General and administrative 2,296 Management fee 1,295 Performance participation allocation 642 Depreciation and amortization 3,934 Total expenses 9,514 Other income (expense) Interest income 882 Interest expense, net (467) Total other income (expense) 415 Net income 2,130 Net income per share of common stock basic and diluted 0.03 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 61,520 
 Revenue 
 Rental Revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , rental revenue was 11.2 million and was generated by the 92 operating properties the Company held during the quarter. 
 Expenses 
 Organizational costs 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , organizational costs were 1.3 million. These costs were incurred primarily in conjunction with the Company s registration. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , general and administrative expenses were 2.3 million and consisted primarily of professional services and operating expenses. 
 Management Fee 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , the management fee was 1.3 million and was incurred as waivers of the management fee for certain share classes, as described in the Form 10, began to expire. 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, performance participation allocation was 0.6 million and was incurred as waivers of the performance participation for certain share classes, as described in the Form 10, began to expire. 
 29 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , depreciation and amortization expenses were 3.9 million, driven by the depreciation and amortization on the 92 operating properties the Company held during the quarter. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Income 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , interest income was 0.9 million, which consisted of interest earned on the cash deposited in a money market account. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense was 0.5 million, which consisted of interest charged on Credit Facilities. 
 The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in thousands, except per share data): 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Revenue Rental revenue 21,379 Total revenue 21,379 Expenses Organizational costs 3,304 General and administrative 5,350 Management fee 1,652 Performance participation allocation 796 Depreciation and amortization 7,285 Total expenses 18,387 Other income (expense) Interest income 4,907 Interest expense, net (467) Total other income (expense) 4,440 Net income 7,432 Net income per share of common stock basic and diluted 0.15 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 48,707 
 Revenue 
 Rental Revenue 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , rental revenue was 21.4 million and was generated by the 92 operating properties the Company held during the period. 
 30 

Expenses 
 Organizational costs 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , organizational costs were 3.3 million. These costs were incurred primarily in conjunction with the Company s registration. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , general and administrative expenses were 5.4 million and consisted primarily of professional services and operating expenses. 
 Management Fee 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the management fee was 1.7 million and was incurred as waivers of the management fee for certain share classes, as described in the Form 10, began to expire. 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, performance participation allocation was 0.8 million and was incurred as waivers of the performance participation for certain share classes, as described in the Form 10, began to expire. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , depreciation and amortization expenses were 7.3 million, driven by the depreciation and amortization on the 92 operating properties the Company held during the quarter. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Income 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , interest income was 4.9 million, which consisted of interest earned on the cash deposited in a money market account. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense was 0.5 million, which consisted of interest charged on the Credit Facilities. 
 
 Net Asset Value 
 EA RESIG, LLC, a subsidiary of Eisner Advisory Group LLC, calculates our NAV per share, which our Advisor subsequently reviews and confirms the calculations in connection therewith, in each case, in accordance with the valuation guidelines that have been approved by our board of trustees. Our total NAV presented in the following tables includes the NAV of our outstanding classes of common shares, which includes Class F-S, Class F-D, Class F-I, Class F-I X, Class B-X, Class C, Class D and Class E common shares, as well as the partnership interests OP Units of the Operating 
 31 

Partnership, if any, held by parties other than the Company. The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 in thousands) : 
 Components of NAV Amount 
 Investments in real estate 630,046 Intangible assets 107,005 Cash and cash equivalents 3,301 Restricted cash 55,606 Other assets 1,405 Loan payable (67,000) Subscriptions received in advance (51,167) Distribution payable (3,270) Due to affiliate (1,752) Management fee payable (503) Accrued performance participation allocation (796) Accounts payable and accrued expenses (6,527) Other Liabilities (4,480) Net Asset Value 661,868 Number of outstanding shares/units 65,221 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of September 30, 2024 in thousands, except per share data) : 
 NAV Number of Outstanding Shares /Units NAV Per Share/Units Class F-S 6,401 634 10.0989 Class F-D Class F-I 280,638 27,759 10.1098 Class F-I X (1)(3) 
 Class B-X (1)(3) 
 Class C (2) 
 Class D 320,032 31,462 10.1719 Class D-X (3) 
 51,202 5,014 10.2121 Class E 3,595 352 10.2188 OP Units Total 661,868 65,221 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, there were no Class F-I X, Class B or Class B-X shares outstanding. All Class F-I X, Class B and Class B-X shares were automatically converted into Class F-I shares as applicable. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, there were no Class C shares outstanding. Pursuant to the terms of the Class C shares and Class D shares, all outstanding Class C shares have been automatically converted into Class D shares. 
 (3) Class F-I X, Class B-X and Class D-X represent Class F-I, Class B and Class D common shares, respectively, that were purchased during the Initial Share Offering Period (as defined in the Form 10) and that are currently entitled to a fee waiver, as described in the Form 10. Pursuant to the fee waiver: (i) the Adviser has waived the management fee for six months for certain investors measured from the later of (x) the day on which such investor first purchased any such shares and (y) if applicable, the day on which such shares were released from escrow (such later date in respect of any investor, the Issuance Date and (ii) FNLR SLP LLC, the special limited partner of the Operating Partnership, has waived the performance participation for six months for certain investors measured from the applicable Issuance Date. 
 32 

The following table details the weighted average capitalization rate by property type, which is the key assumption used in the valuations as of September 30, 2024 : 
 Property Type Capitalization Rate Industrial 7.43 
 The capitalization rates are determined by the Adviser and reviewed by the Company s independent valuation advisor. A change in the capitalization rates would impact the calculation of the value of our real estate investments. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investment values: 
 Input Hypothetical Change Industrial Capitalization Rate 0.25 Decrease +3.49 (Weighted Average) 0.25 Increase (3.27) 
 Recently acquired properties are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 The following table reconciles equity per our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet to our NAV in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Equity 626,278 Adjustments: Accrued organization and offering costs 14,850 Unrealized real estate appreciation 18,345 Accumulated depreciation and amortization under GAAP 7,310 Straight-line rent (5,468) Accrued shareholder servicing fee 553 NAV 661,868 
 The following details the adjustments to reconcile accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP equity and total partners capital of the Operating Partnership to our NAV: 
 The Adviser agreed to advance certain organization and offering costs on our behalf through November 1, 2024. The Adviser will be reimbursed for such costs on a pro-rata basis over a 60-month period beginning November 1, 2024, the first anniversary of the date on which the Company broke escrow for its private offering. Under GAAP, organization costs have been accrued as a liability. For purposes of calculating NAV, such costs will be recognized as paid over the 60-month reimbursement period. 
 Investments in real estate, net are presented at their depreciated cost basis in the GAAP condensed consolidated financial statements. For purposes of calculating NAV, operating properties will be initially valued at cost and subsequently measured at fair value. Properties under development are recorded at the transaction price plus gross fundings, which include construction interest paid to the Company until the applicable construction is completed. 
 The Company depreciates investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of calculating our NAV. 
 The Company recognizes rental revenue on a straight-line basis under GAAP. Such straight-line rent adjustments are excluded for purposes of calculating NAV. 
 Under GAAP, we accrue the ongoing shareholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell Class F-S shares. For purposes of calculating NAV, we recognize the ongoing servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis. 
 33 

Distributions 
 Beginning on November 30, 2023, we declared monthly distributions for each class of our common shares, which are generally paid four days after month-end. The net distribution may vary for each class based on the applicable shareholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid directly to the Dealer Manager for further remittance to the applicable distributor. 
 The following table details the total net distribution for each of our share classes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 : 
 Record Date Class F-S Class F-D Class F-I Class 
 F-I X (1)(2) 
 Class 
 B-X (1)(2) 
 Class C (3) 
 Class D Class 
 D-X (1) 
 Class E January 31, 2024 0.0396 0.0396 0.0396 0.0396 0.0396 February 29, 2024 0.0439 0.0439 0.0439 0.0439 0.0439 March 31, 2024 0.0440 0.0440 0.0440 0.0440 0.0440 April 30, 2024 0.0481 0.0481 0.0481 0.0481 0.0481 May 31, 2024 0.0481 0.0481 0.0481 0.0481 0.0481 June 30, 2024 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 July 31, 2024 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 August 31, 2024 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 September 30, 2024 0.0431 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 0.0502 Total 0.0431 0.3410 0.3241 0.1756 0.0835 0.2489 0.4245 0.4245 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Class F-I X, Class B-X and Class D-X represent Class F-I, Class B and Class D shares, respectively, that are currently entitled to a fee waiver, as described in the Form 10. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, there were no Class F-I X, Class B or Class B-X shares outstanding. All Class F-I X, Class B and Class B-X shares were automatically converted into Class F-I shares. 
 (3) As of September 30, 2024 , pursuant to the terms of the Class C shares and Class D shares, all outstanding Class C shares were automatically converted into Class D shares. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared distributions in the amount of 21.1 million . The Company intends for long-term cumulative distributions to be funded primarily from operating cash flows. The following table details our distributions declared for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in thousands) : 
 34 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Distributions Amount Percentage 
 Payable in cash 14,060 67 Reinvested in shares 7,018 33 Total distributions 21,078 100 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities 20,348 97 Other proceeds (1) 
 730 3 Offering proceeds 0 Total sources of distributions 21,078 100 Cash flows from operating activities 20,348 Funds from Operations (2) 
 14,717 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Build-to-suit construction interest of 6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was used as a source to support the dividend payments. Build-to-suit construction interest is not recognized as operating cash flow under GAAP. 
 (2) See Funds from Operations below for a description of Funds from Operations. Refer to below for reconciliations of these amounts to GAAP net income and for considerations on how to review these metrics. 
 
 Funds from Operations 
 We believe funds from operations FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. Our condensed consolidated financial statements are presented using historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments to be calculated on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments have decreased over time. However, we believe that the value of our real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and, as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative as a measure of our performance. FFO is an operating measure defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT that is broadly used in the REIT industry. FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) impairment of investments in real estate, (iii) net gains or losses from sales of real estate, and (iv) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. 
 FFO should not be considered more relevant or accurate than GAAP net income (loss) in evaluating our performance. In addition, FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) as an indication of our performance or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as an indication of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO is not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. In addition, our methodology for calculating FFO may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported FFO may not be comparable to the FFO reported by other companies. 
 35 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to FFO in thousands): 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders 2,130 7,432 Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 3,934 7,285 Impairment of investments in real estate Net gain (loss) from sale of real estate Other adjustments FFO attributable to shareholders 6,064 14,717 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to operate our business, with immediate liquidity comprised of cash and cash equivalents of 3.3 million and 58.0 million available under the Credit Facilities as of September 30, 2024 . In addition to our immediate liquidity, we obtain incremental liquidity through the sale of our common shares, from which we generated proceeds of 536.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . We may incur indebtedness secured by our real estate and real estate debt investments, borrow money through unsecured financings, or incur other forms of indebtedness. We may also generate incremental liquidity through the sale of our real estate and other real estate investments. 
 Our primary liquidity needs are to fund our investments, make distributions to our shareholders, repurchase common shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan, pay operating expenses, fund capital expenditures, and repay indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, the management fee we pay to the Adviser and the performance participation allocation that the Operating Partnership pays to the Special Limited Partner, both of which will impact our liquidity to the extent the Adviser or the Special Limited Partner elect to receive such payments in cash, or subsequently redeem shares or Operating Partnership units previously issued to them. 
 Our cash needs for acquisitions and other capital investments will be funded primarily from the sale of common shares and through the incurrence or assumption of debt. We plan on fulfilling our outstanding commitment obligations for properties under development from the sale of common shares. Other potential future sources of capital include secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders and proceeds from the sale of assets. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. We continue to believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the need of our expected investment activity. 
 Capital Resources 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we issued and sold 53,548,642 common shares, consisting of 633,858 Class F-S shares, 24,552,183 Class F-I shares, 28,213,182 Class D shares and 149,421 Class E shares, to accredited investors in our private offering, amounting to proceeds of 536.8 million as payment for such shares, including shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. Additionally, 113,804 of Class E common shares were also issued as a payment of 1.2 million of management fees incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company repurchased 296,640 shares of common shares for a total of 3.0 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had received aggregate proceeds of 652.1 million from the issuance and sale of common shares in our private offering and pursuant to our distribution reinvestment program. As of September 30, 2024 , after giving effect to shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, share transfers, conversions, and redemptions, we had an aggregate of 65,220,729 common shares outstanding, consisting of 633,858 Class F-S shares, 27,758,881 Class F-I shares, 36,476,175 Class D shares and 351,815 Class E shares. 
 See "Recent Developments" for information relating to our Credit Facilities. 
 
 36 

Cash Flows 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 20.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . The cash flows provided by operating activities were primarily due to the collection of rental revenues of 17.3 million. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 604.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Cash flows of 512.1 million were used to acquire 92 operating properties and 92.7 million was used to fund construction in progress for the three build-to-suit properties. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities were 510.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , attributable primarily due to 406.4 million from the issuance of our common shares, 67.0 million from proceeds from the Credit Facilities, and 51.2 million from subscriptions received in advance. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements 
 The following table aggregates our contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2024 . 
 Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Advanced organizational and offering costs 14,850 1,980 5,940 5,940 989 Commitments 139,053 102,128 36,925 Total 153,903 104,108 42,865 5,940 989 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP involve significant judgments and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of our significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affected by our judgments, estimates, and assumptions. See Item 1. Financial Statements Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates for further descriptions of the below accounting policies. 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 We expect that most of our acquisitions will qualify as asset acquisitions rather than business combinations pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations . Upon the acquisition of a property, we assess the fair value of the acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, above-market and below-market leases, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities) and we allocate the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, on a relative fair value basis. The most significant portion of the allocation is to buildings, land, and construction in process and requires the use of market based estimates and assumptions. We assess and consider fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates, as well as other available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. 
 The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. We also consider an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have intangible value, such as customer relationships, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. 
 Acquired above-market and below-market leases are recorded at their fair values (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. 
 37 

Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses, if any, and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. 
 Impairment of Investments in Real Estate and Intangible Assets 
 We review real estate properties for impairment each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impaired value. If the carrying amount of the real estate investment is no longer recoverable and exceeds the fair value of such investment, an impairment loss is recognized. The impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated future cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. Since cash flows on real estate properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material to our results. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value. 
 We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates a decrease in value. If there are qualitative factors that indicate it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, we calculate the fair value of the asset and record the impairment charge if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. This new cost basis will be used for future periods when recording subsequent income or loss and cannot be written up to a higher value as a result of increases in fair value. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements may be issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard setting bodies that will be adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. The Company believes that the impact of the recently issued standards that are not yet effective and not adopted will not have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The primary components of our market risk are related to interest rates, credit risk, credit market values, liquidity and foreign currency exchange rates. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we believe that risk can be quantified from historical experience, and we seek to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Through our investment portfolio and floating rate leverage facilities that we may use to finance our investment portfolio, we are exposed to risk from changes in interest rates and inflation. An increase in interest rates could increase the cost of variable rate debt that we may incur in the future, which may affect our ability to make distributions or payments to our investors. During times when inflation is greater than the increases in rent provided by many of our leases, rent increases will not keep up with the rate of inflation, which could cause the value of our properties to decline. Increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue, which may adversely affect the tenants ability to pay rent owed to us, which in turn could materially and adversely affect us. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of commodities that are critical to the construction and/or operation of real estate properties. The market value of our investments could potentially decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of our investments could have income linked to inflation, whether by regulation or contractual arrangement or other means. However, as inflation could affect both income and expenses, any increase in income could potentially not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. Moreover, as inflation increases, the real value of our investments and distributions therefrom can decline. If we are unable to increase the revenue and profits of our investments at times of higher inflation, we could be unable to pay out higher distributions to 
 38 

shareholders to compensate for the relative decrease in the value of money, thereby affecting the expected return of investors. 
 We generally expect to mitigate this exposure to interest rate risk by purchasing or selling various financial instruments, including interest rate cap or collar agreements and interest rate swap agreements. While we have not experienced any significant credit losses since we commenced operations, in the event of a significant rising interest rate environment and/or economic downturn, tenant vacancies or defaults could increase and result in losses, which could adversely affect our operating results and liquidity, including our ability to pay any debt obligations we may incur. However, our interest rate hedging strategies may not eliminate all of our interest rate risk due to, among other things, uncertainties in the timing and/or amounts of inflation or the general interest rate environment and/or unequal, inaccurate, or unavailable hedges to offset changes in future interest rates. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk in our investments with respect to a tenant s ability to make required rent payments to us. We intend to manage this risk by employing a credit-first approach to understanding the financial wherewithal of a tenant prior to entering into a lease and by actively monitoring the macro- and micro-economic and industry trends that impact our tenants as well as their financial statements when available. 
 Market Value Risks 
 We may also be exposed to market value risk with respect to the fair value of our investments, including debt securities, and borrowings due to changes in market conditions, including real estate property values, interest rates and property cash flows. The fair value of our investments may fluctuate, therefore the amount we will realize upon any repayment, sale, or an alternative liquidation event is unknown. Within the parameters of our valuation guidelines, the valuation methodologies used to value our properties and certain of our investments will involve subjective judgments and projections and may not be accurate. Valuation methodologies will also involve assumptions and opinions about future events, which may or may not turn out to be correct. Valuations and appraisals of our properties and other investments will be only estimates of fair value. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic, market and other conditions beyond our control and the control of the Adviser and our independent valuation advisor. In addition, commercial property values are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to national, regional and local economic conditions; local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes and/or tax and legal considerations. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Market disruptions may lead to a significant decline in transaction activity in all or a significant portion of the asset classes in which we intend to invest and may at the same time lead to a significant contraction in short-term and long-term debt and equity funding sources. A decline in liquidity of real estate and real estate-related investments, as well as a lack of availability of observable transaction data and inputs, may make it more difficult to sell our investments or determine their fair values. As a result, we may be unable to sell investments, or only be able to sell investments at a price that may be materially different from the fair values presented. In addition, a decline in market value of our assets may have particular adverse consequences in instances where we borrowed money based on the fair value of our assets. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Any of our investments that may be denominated in a foreign currency will also be subject to risks related to fluctuations in exchange rates. We generally expect to mitigate this exposure by hedging the net currency exposure of our foreign currency assets to the U.S. Dollar. As a result, we expect to reduce our exposure to changes in portfolio value related to changes in foreign exchange rates. However, our currency hedging strategies may not eliminate all of our currency risk due to, among other things, uncertainties in the timing and/or amounts of payments received on the related investments, and/or unequal, inaccurate, or unavailable hedges to offset changes in future exchange rates. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 
 39 

10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers Co-CEOs ), who are our principal executive officers, and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), who is our principal financial officer. Based upon this evaluation, our Co-CEOs and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-CEOs and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation described above that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we, the Adviser or Fortress may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. We may also be subject to regulatory proceedings. While the outcome of these legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we may incur significant costs and expenses in connection with any such proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Form 10. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 Except as previously reported by the Company on its current reports on Form 8-K, the Company did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10-Q that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company has adopted a share repurchase plan whereby, subject to certain limitations, shareholders may request, on a monthly basis, that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of the Company s common shares under the Company s share repurchase plan and redemptions of Operating Partnership units is limited to no more than 2 of the Company s aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than 5 of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). Shares or units issued to the Adviser and its affiliates as payment for management fees or as reimbursements of expenses or for the Special Limited Partner s performance participation interest are not subject to these repurchase plan but exempt from the redemption limitations. 
 The Company is not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all, in its discretion at any time. Further, the Company s board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify or suspend the Company s share repurchase plan (including to make exceptions to the repurchase limitations or purchase fewer shares than such repurchase limitations) if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest. In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro-rata basis. 
 The Company had no repurchase requests from the Date of Formation to September 30, 2024 . 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 
 On October 18, 2024, the Loan Parties entered into the First Amendment with BofA, as sole lender under the Credit Agreement dated August 13, 2024, among the Loan Parties and BofA, immediately prior to the effectiveness of the First Amendment, each of Capital One, National Association, KeyBank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as new revolving credit lenders and new term lenders, and BofA, as the Administrative Agent and as the sole L/C Issuer under the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which (i) the aggregate commitments to the Revolving Credit Facility increased from 120.0 million to 350.0 million and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Facility pursuant to the Credit Agreement increased from 5.0 million to 
 41 

100.0 million. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Facilities, all commitments and amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities will be due and payable in full on October 17, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). The First Amendment increased the number of one year extensions of the Maturity Date the Borrower may request from one option to three options. 
 
 The obligations of the Loan Parties under the Credit Facilities are secured by (i) a pledge of the equity interests of certain of the Company s subsidiaries, (ii) the rights to receive income, gain, profits or other items of each Loan Party that is a pledgor and (iii) all proceeds of the foregoing, in each case subject to certain exclusions set forth in the Credit Facilities At the option of the Borrower, the Credit Facilities will bear interest at either (i) a rate equal to term secured overnight financing rate SOFR or daily simple SOFR plus a margin rate ranging from 1.40 to 1.90 or (ii) a base rate based on the highest of (A) Federal Funds Rate plus half of 1 , (B) BofA s prime rate, (C) Term SOFR plus 1.00 and (D) 1.00 . The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a per annum fee based on the daily unused portion of the facility ranging from 0.15 to 0.25 and is payable quarterly in arrears. The Credit Facilities are prepayable, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty. 
 
 The Credit Facilities contain various restrictions and covenants applicable to the Loan Parties. Among other requirements, the Loan Parties that are customary for syndicated credit facilities, including restrictions on the Company's ability to incur indebtedness, incur liens and make certain invemay not exceed certain debt limitations and must ensure certain minimum capital contribution amounts. 
 
 The Credit Facilities also contain customary events of default. If an event of default under the Credit Facilities occurs and is continuing, then the Administrative Agent may declare any outstanding obligations under the Credit Facilities to be immediately due and payable. In addition, if the Borrower becomes the subject of voluntary or involuntary proceedings under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, then any outstanding obligations under the Credit Facilities will automatically become due and payable. 
 
 Acquisition of Industrial Portfolio 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Company completed the Syngenta Acquisition. For additional information relating to Syngenta AG, including its most recently available financial results for the half-year ended June 30, 2024, please see https://www.syngenta.com/sites/syngenta/files/bond-investor-information/financial-results/syngenta-ag-h1-2024-results.pdf. 
 
 42 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 (b) Exhibits 
 10.1 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and New Lender Joinder Agreement, dated October 18, 2024, by and among FNLR OP LP, as borrower, Fortress Net Lease REIT, as guarantor, the other guarantors party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., Capital One, National Association, KeyBank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as new revolving credit lenders and new term lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024). 31.1 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 31.2 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 31.3 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 32.1 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith 32.2 
 Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith 32.3 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Definition 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Calculation 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Labels 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________________________________ 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1, 32.2 and 32.3 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 The financial information contained in these XBRL documents is unaudited. 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Fortress Net Lease REIT By: /s/ Avraham Dreyfuss Name: Avraham Dreyfuss Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: November 14, 2024 
 44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-fortressnetleasereit.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Joshua Pack, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Fortress Net Lease REIT 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Intentionally omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Joshua Pack Name Joshua Pack Title Co-Chief Executive Officer Co-Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-fortressnetleasereit.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ahsan Aijaz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Fortress Net Lease REIT 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Intentionally omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Ahsan Aijaz Name Ahsan Aijaz Title Co-Chief Executive Officer Co-Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 ex313-fortressnetleasereit.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Avraham Dreyfuss, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Fortress Net Lease REIT 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Intentionally omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Avraham Dreyfuss Name Avraham Dreyfuss Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321-fortressnetleasereit.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fortress Net Lease REIT (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joshua Pack, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Joshua Pack Name Joshua Pack Title Co-Chief Executive Officer Co-Principal Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Act has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322-fortressnetleasereit.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fortress Net Lease REIT (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ahsan Aijaz, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Ahsan Aijaz Name Ahsan Aijaz Title Co-Chief Executive Officer Co-Principal Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Act has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 ex323-fortressnetleasereit.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fortress Net Lease REIT (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Avraham Dreyfuss, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Avraham Dreyfuss Name Avraham Dreyfuss Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Act has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fnlr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fnlr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fnlr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fnlr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fnlr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

