<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1084267_0001683168-24-008107.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6815954</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143292</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1195179</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1706749</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1673358</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1966139</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008107.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mobiquity Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001084267
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				113427886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41117
		FILM NUMBER:		241461567

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 TORRINGTON LANE
		CITY:			SHOREHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11786
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-256-7766

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 TORRINGTON LANE
		CITY:			SHOREHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11786

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACE MARKETING & PROMOTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008107.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 mobiquity_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FORM 10-Q 

Table
of Contents 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of jurisdiction of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number) 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name, address, and fiscal year, if changed
since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The number of shares issued of the registrant s
common stock, as of November 13, 2024, was . 

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 3 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 3 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 33 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 
 
 42 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 43 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 44 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 44 

Item lA. Risk Factors 
 
 44 

Item 2. Changes in Securities 
 
 44 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 46 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 46 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 46 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 51 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Mobiquity Technology, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 (Unaudited) 
 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Capitalized software development costs, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest - related party 

Contract liabilities 

Debt, current portion, net 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders' Equity 

AAA preferred stock; par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock Series E; par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Preferred stock Series H; par value, shares authorized, zero and shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock; par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding 

Treasury stock, at cost, 0.0001 par value and shares outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Mobiquity
Technology, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt - related party 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Other income 

Interest income 

Total other income (expense) - net 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic 

Loss per share - diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Mobiquity
Technology, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) (Unaudited) 

 For
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Series E Preferred Stock 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 Series G Preferred Stock 
 Series H Preferred Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance, at December 31, 2022 

Common stock and pre-funded warrants issued under public offering, net of issuance costs 

Common stock issued under cashless warrant exercises and exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Incentive common stock and warrants issued with long-term debt 

Stock based compensation 

Net Loss 

Balance, at March 31, 2023 

Common stock and pre-funded warrants issued under public offering, net of issuance costs 

Common stock issued under cashless warrant exercises and exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Common stock issued for services rendered 

Common stock issued for conversion of interest 

Stock based compensation 

Series F preferred stock issued for cash 

Net Loss 

Balance, at June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued under exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Stock based compensation 

Redemption of Series F preferred stock 

Net Loss 

Balance, at September 30, 2023 

Series E Preferred Stock 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 Series G Preferred Stock 
 Series H Preferred Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance, at December 31, 2023 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued Series H Preferred Stock cash dividends 

Repurchase of common stock held in Treasury 

Net loss 

Balance, at March 31, 2024 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock subscribed 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued Series H Preferred Stock cash dividends 

Warrants issued for services 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock subscribed 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued Series H Preferred Stock cash dividends 

Warrants issued for services 

Series H Preferred stock converted to common shares 

Series H Preferred stock dividends converted to common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

5 

Mobiquity
Technology, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) (Unaudited) 

 For
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Continued) 

Series AAA Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Stock Subscription 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, at December 31, 2022 

Common stock and pre-funded warrants issued under public offering, net of issuance costs 

Common stock issued under cashless warrant exercises and exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Incentive common stock and warrants issued with long-term debt 

Stock based compensation 

Net Loss 

Balance, at March 31, 2023 

Common stock and pre-funded warrants issued under public offering, net of issuance costs 

Common stock issued under cashless warrant exercises and exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Common stock issued for services rendered 

Common stock issued for conversion of interest 

Stock based compensation 

Series F preferred stock issued for cash 

Net Loss 

Balance, at June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued under exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Stock based compensation 

Redemption of Series F preferred stock 

Net Loss 

Balance, at September 30, 2023 

Series AAA Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Stock Subscription 
 Treasury Shares 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, at December 31, 2023 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued Series H Preferred Stock cash dividends 

Repurchase of common stock held in Treasury 

Net loss 

Balance, at March 31, 2024 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock subscribed 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued Series H Preferred Stock cash dividends 

Warrants issued for services 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock subscribed 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued Series H Preferred Stock cash dividends 

Warrants issued for services 

Series H Preferred stock converted to common shares 

Series H Preferred stock dividends converted to common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Mobiquity
Technology, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Provision for credit losses 

Loss on disposal of asset 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of capitalized software development costs 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Common stock and warrants issued for services 

Stock-based compensation 

Income tax benefit 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 

(Increase) decrease prepaid expenses and other assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Increase in software development costs 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

Issuance of long-term debt, net of discounts and issuance costs 

Repayments on long-term debt 

Repurchase of treasury stock 

Issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants for cash, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of Series F preferred stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Accrual of Series H Preferred stock dividends 

Conversion of Series H preferred stock and accrued dividends to common stock 

Warrants issued in conjunction with consulting agreement 

Issuance of incentive shares with debt recorded as debt discount 

Warrants issued with long-term debt recorded as debt discount 

Common stock issued under cashless warrant exercises 

Common stock issued for accrued interest 

Common stock issued for settlement of accounts payable 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7 

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2024 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Mobiquity Networks, Inc. 

Mobiquity Networks, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., commencing operations in May 2018. Mobiquity Networks started and developed as a mobile advertising technology
company focused on driving foot-traffic throughout its indoor network and has evolved and grown into a next generation data intelligence
company. Mobiquity Networks, Inc. operates our data intelligence platform business. 

Advangelists, LLC 

Advangelists LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary
of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., acquired through a merger transaction in December 2018, and operates our ATOS platform business. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On August 7, 2023, we effected a . The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto give retroactive effect to the reverse stock split as if the split
had occurred prior to the dates on the consolidated financial statements included herein. 

Liquidity, Going Concern and Management s
Plans 

These consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had: 

Net loss of and 

Net cash used in operations was 

Additionally, at September 30, 2024, the Company
had: 

Accumulated deficit of 

Stockholders equity of , and 

Working capital deficit of . 

We manage liquidity risk by reviewing, on an
ongoing basis, our sources of liquidity and capital requirements. The Company had cash on hand of 
at September 30, 2024. 

The Company has incurred significant losses since
its inception in 1998 and has not demonstrated an ability to generate sufficient revenues from the sales of its products and services
to achieve profitable operations. There can be no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, or if achieved, could be
sustained on a continuing basis. In making this assessment we performed a comprehensive analysis of our current circumstances including:
our financial position, our cash flows and cash usage forecasts for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the nine months ended September
30, 2024, and our current capital structure including equity-based instruments and our obligations and debts. 

Without sufficient revenue from operations, if
the Company does not obtain additional capital, the Company will be required to reduce the scope of its business development activities
or cease operations. 

These factors create substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are
issued, as the Company will need additional capital to meet its financial obligations. These consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on the basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Management s strategic plans include the
following: 

Execution of business plan focused on technology development and improvement, 

Seek out equity and/or debt financing to obtain the capital required to meet the Company s financial obligations. There is no assurance, however, that lenders and investors will continue to advance capital to the Company or that the new business operations will be profitable. 

Continuing to explore and execute prospective partnering, distribution and acquisition opportunities, 

Identifying unique market opportunities that represent potential positive short-term cash flow. 

The Company has experienced, and in the future
expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and net earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include,
among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the industry, (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company
competes, including a potential general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility of prices in connection with the Company s
service offerings. These factors, among others, make it difficult to project the Company s operating results on a consistent basis. 

t have any cash equivalents. 

The Company is exposed to credit risk on its cash
in the event of default by the financial institutions to the extent account balances exceed the amount insured by the FDIC, which is 250,000.
On September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company did not experience any losses on cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits.
Any loss incurred or a lack of access to funds could have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

For the quarters ended September 30, 2024, and
2023, sales of our products to four customers and three customers generated approximately and of our revenues, respectively. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, sales of our products to five customers and three customers generated approximately
 and of our revenues, respectively. Our contracts with our customers generally do not obligate them to a specified term and they
can generally terminate their relationship with us at any time with a minimal amount of notice. The loss of one of these customers could
have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition. 

of outstanding accounts receivable
at September 30, 2024. 

The Company had accounts receivable, net, of ,
 , and at September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, respectively. 

Management periodically assesses the Company s
accounts receivable and, if necessary, establishes an allowance for credit losses. The Company provides its allowance for credit losses
based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable, historical collection information and existing economic conditions. Accounts
determined to be uncollectible losses are charged to operations when that determination is made. 

The allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable
and the related activity, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Provision for credit losses 

Write-off of previously reserved account balances 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Provision for credit losses expense (recovery)
is recorded as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

impairment was recognized by the Company for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

impairment of goodwill was recognized by the Company during fiscal 2023 or the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2024. 

years. 

and interest expense associated with the amortization of debt discounts on debt outstanding
during the periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized and in interest expense
associated with the amortization of debt discounts on debts outstanding during the periods. Unamortized debt discounts remaining at September
30, 2024 were approximately and are expected to be fully amortized during the remainder of 2024. See Note 4 regarding the accounting
for debt discounts and debt issuance costs during fiscal 2024 and 2023. 

Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies
a performance obligation. 

The Company satisfies performance obligations
at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised service
to a customer. Under both managed services arrangements and self-service arrangements, the Company s promised services under the
contracts include identification, bidding and purchasing of advertisement opportunities. The Company also generally has discretion in
establishing the pricing of the ads. Since the Company is controlling the promise to deliver the contracted services, the Company is considered
the principal in all arrangements for revenue recognition purposes. The performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue recognition
primarily upon publication of customer advertising content. 

All revenues recognized were derived from internet
advertising for the periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Payment terms and conditions vary by contract,
although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 90 days. 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract liabilities represent deposits made by
customers before the satisfaction of performance obligation and recognition of revenue. Upon completion of the performance obligation(s)
that the Company has with the customer based on the terms of the contract, the liability for the customer deposit is relieved and revenue
is recognized. As of September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, there were , , and , respectively,
in contract liabilities outstanding. Contract liabilities are expected to be recognized as revenue within the year following their respective
period end. 

When determining the fair value of stock-based
compensation, the Company considers the following assumptions in the Black-Scholes model: 

Exercise price, 

Expected dividends, 

Expected volatility, 

Risk-free interest rate; and 

Expected life of option 

years 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net carrying value 

Software development costs 
 years 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net carrying value, software development costs 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
and 2023, the Company recognized zero and in amortization expense, respectively, related to the customer relationship intangible
asset, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized and in amortization expense, respectively, related
to the customer relationship intangible asset. 

During each of the three months ended September
30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized of amortization expense related to software development costs, which is included in
general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During the nine months ended September
30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively, of amortization expense related to software development
costs. 

As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023,
the Company has capitalized a total of approximately and , respectively, of costs associated with the development
of its new software enhancements, referred to as ATOS4P and AdHere. The approximately in costs capitalized during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, were all related to AdHere enhancement only. The Company ceased capitalizing costs, and commenced marketing
its ATOS4P enhancement to the public, during the second quarter of 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not commenced amortization
of the costs associated with the AdHere technology. The product has been released to the public in October of 2024, at which time the
Company began amortizing the costs. 

Future amortization of the approximately
 
in unamortized software development costs, by fiscal year, at September 30, 2024, is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total 

from the Small Business Administration (SBA) which carries a thirty-year term, and interest at 3.7 per
annum, with a maturity date in July of 2050. The loan is to be repaid in monthly installments, including principal and interest, of ,
beginning twelve months from the date of the loan. Total accrued and unpaid interest on the debt was at December 31, 2022 and
is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On January 5, 2023, the Company paid
 to the Small Business Administration to pay off all outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Company s SBA loan. 

Investor Note Payable 

On December 30, 2022, the Company and Walleye
Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands company (the Investor), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA) for the
Investor to purchase from the Company (i) a senior secured 20 original issue discount (OID) nine-month promissory note in an aggregate
gross principal amount of , less the 20 OID of , for a net subscription amount of (the Investor Note), and
(ii) a five year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share, exercisable
commencing July 1, 2023 and expiring December 30, 2027 (the Investor Warrant). Proceeds from the SPA were received by the Company in January
2023. Per terms of the SPA, if at any time commencing July 1, 2023, the Company issues, sells, or announces for sale, any shares of its
common stock (Subsequent Equity Sale) for a per share price less than the exercise price of the Investor Warrant in effect immediately
prior to such Subsequent Equity Sale, the exercise price of the Investor Warrant shall be reduced to an amount equal to the issuance price
of the Subsequent Equity Sale. 

In conjunction with the SPA, the Company issued
 shares of common stock, or approximately 5.3 of the Company s outstanding shares at the time, to the Investor as an incentive
on the transaction (Incentive Shares). Total issuance fees of associated with the closing of the SPA were paid by the Company
to Spartan Capital Securities LLC and the Investor s counsel, resulting in net proceeds of . Approximately of
the loan proceeds were utilized to repay the outstanding principal and accrued interest under the SBA loan (see above). 

The Investor Note will only become convertible
into common stock upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under and as defined in the Investor Note on terms set forth in the Investor
Note. This Investor Note matures and was payable on or before September 30, 2023, and it provided that the Investor may demand prepayment
after March 31, 2023, and before the maturity date, provided that the purchasers of securities in a future public offering by the Company,
as defined in the SPA, who hold the purchased Company securities at the time the prepayment demand, unanimously consent to the prepayment.
On June 30, 2023, the secured debt was paid in full through the proceeds of the Company s June 2023 Offering. See Note 5. 

The aforementioned Investor Warrant was assigned
a relative fair value of and the Incentive Shares were assigned a relative fair value of , at the date of closing on
the SPA. The fair values of the Investor Warrant, the Incentive Shares, the OID of 287,500, and the 138,500 in debt issuance costs paid,
were recorded as debt discounts and debt issuance costs totaling . Amortization associated with the total debt discounts is
being recognized using the effective interest method over the term of the Investor Note, which matured on September 30, 2023. For the
quarter ended March 31, 2023, in amortization on the debt discounts was recognized as interest expense and is included on the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Related Party - Salkind Loans 

On October 10, 2023, the Company received a 
loan from the Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind (Salkind October 2023 Loan), a related party through the Company s
Board chair. This unsecured loan has a maturity date of , with interest at the rate of per annum. The note is payable
in cash on the maturity date; however, the debt holder has the right to convert the loan into restricted common stock at a conversion
price of per share or to apply the loan repayment to invest on the terms of any private financing completed by the Company prior
to the maturity date. Exemption from registration for the aforesaid transactions is claimed under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. In November 2023, the Salkind October 2023 Loan principal outstanding of plus accrued and unpaid interest,
were converted into shares of the newly designated Series G Preferred Stock. See Note 5. 

In February 2024, Dr. Salkind, Board Chairman,
loaned the Company of short-term debt financing for working capital (Salkind February 2024 Loan). The unsecured loan was payable
on demand and boar interest at per annum, payable monthly. 

On June 27, 2024, the Company entered into a new
Loan Agreement with Dr. Salkind and a relative of Dr. Salkind (Salkind June 2024 Loan) for no additional consideration from the lenders,
effectively cancelling the Salkind February 2024 Loan. The Salkind June 2024 Loan is a non-interest-bearing loan, which includes
an Original Issue Discount of . The in principal is due on demand on or after December 31, 2024, and is convertible at
the option of the lenders at any time into shares of the Company s restricted common stock at a conversion rate of per share.
As of June 30, 2024, the full in principal remains outstanding and the Company has recognized amortization of on the debt
discount. 

On July 5, 2024, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with Dr.
Salkind for additional proceeds of . On July 23, 2024, the Company entered into a Loan Agreement with Dr. Salkind s son for
additional proceeds of . The total principal of related to these July 2024 loans remains outstanding at September 30,
2024 and the Company has recognized amortization of on the debt discount for the periods ended September 30, 2024. Both July 2024
loans were issued under the same non-interest, repayment, and conversion terms as the Salkind June 2024 Loan. 

Related Party - Other Loans 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company
entered into the following loan agreements with its corporate attorney in exchange for cash or the cancellation of invoices outstanding
related to legal services performed by the attorney. 

Loan 1, dated April 2024, was a non-interest-bearing
demand loan issued in exchange for cash, and included a discount. The in principal was paid in full prior to June
30, 2024, and the Company recognized in interest expense associated with the debt discount during the nine months ended September
30, 2024. 

Loan 2, dated April 2024, was a non-interest-bearing
demand loan issued in exchange for in cash. The principal was paid in full prior to June 30, 2024. 

Loan 3, dated June 2024, is a non-interest-bearing
demand loan issued in exchange for the cancellation of in invoices outstanding related to legal services performed. Loan 3 included
an Original Issue Discount (OID) of . The in principal and Original Issue Discount is payable on demand on or after December
31, 2024, and is also convertible at the option of the lender into the Company s restricted common stock at a conversion rate of
 per share. As of September 30, 2024, the full in principal and in OID remains payable and the Company has recognized
amortization of on the debt discount. 

Loan 4, dated June 2024, is a non-interest-bearing
demand loan issued in exchange for in cash. Loan 4 included an Original Issue Discount of . The in principal and
Original Issue Discount is payable on demand at any time on or after December 31, 2024, and is also convertible at the option of the lender
into the Company s restricted common stock at a conversion rate of per share. As of September 30, 2024, the full in
principal and in OID remains payable and the Company has recognized amortization of on the debt discount. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the
Company entered into the following loan agreements with its corporate attorney in exchange for cash. 

Loans 5 and 6, dated July 2024, consists of two
verbal, non-interest-bearing loans totaling to the Company on a short-term basis. The in principal is payable on demand,
of which remained payable at September 30, 2024. 

Loan 7, dated September 2024, consists of a verbal,
non-interest-bearing loan issued in exchange for in cash on a short-term basis. The in principal is payable on demand,
of which remained payable at September 30, 2024. 

On October 8, 2024, the corporate attorney and
the Company entered into a modification to Loans 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 above which provides the following: 

Loans
3 and 4 were amended to include a provision that, if the Company elects to prepay the loans, the Company will provide at least five days
written notice to the debt holder of such intent for prepayment allowing the debt holder the opportunity to convert the debt. 

Loans
5, 6, and 7, totaling in outstanding principal were amended to add a OID and a conversion option in which the debt and
OID are convertible at any time at a rate of per share at the option of the debt holder. In addition, in the event the Company
receives additional financing or revenues, the Company shall, by Friday of each week in which such event occurs, notify the debt holder
and shall give the debt holder the opportunity to demand immediate payment of at least 15 of such financing and/or revenues received
by the Company until Loans 5, 6, and 7 have been paid in full. 

The
parties agree that all repayments of loans by the Company to the debt holder shall first reduce the outstanding principal and OID of
Loans 5, 6, and 7. 

Merchant Agreements 

In November 2023, the Company entered into an
agreement for the purchase and sale of future receivables (2023 Merchant Agreement) with a financial institution in exchange for 
in funding (the 2023 Purchase Price). The 2023 Purchase Price is to be repaid through daily payments representing 10 of future customer
payments on receivables until a total of is paid. The Company recorded a debt discount associated with the 2023 Merchant Agreement
totaling which is being amortized through interest expense over the expected term of the agreement of 170 days. The Company recognized
 in interest expense associated with the amortization of the debt discount for the six months ended June 30, 2024. In connection
with the 2023 Merchant Agreement, and as additional consideration, the Company has agreed to issue shares of its Common Stock to
the financial institution in an amount equal to 5 of the Purchase Price, or , which was recorded as additional debt discount.
The number of shares issued is equal to 5 of the 2023 Purchase Price divided by the average closing per share price of the common stock
for the previous twenty (20) days from the signed date of the 2023 Merchant Agreement. The balance of the 2023 Merchant Agreement funding
was repaid in full during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 

In February 2024, the Company entered into an
agreement for the purchase and sale of future receivables (February 2024 Merchant Agreement) with the same financial institution associated
with the 2023 Merchant Agreement for the sale of future receivables in exchange for in funding (the 2024 Purchase Price), less
a origination fee. The 2024 Purchase Price is to be repaid through daily payments representing 10 of future customer payments
receivables until a total of approximately is paid. The Company recorded a debt discount associated with the February 2024 Merchant
Agreement totaling which is being amortized through interest expense over the expected term of the agreement of 170 days. In connection
with the February 2024 Merchant Agreement, and as additional consideration, the Company has agreed to issue shares of its Common
Stock to the financial institution in an amount equal to 5 of the Purchase Price, or , which was recorded as additional debt discount.
The balance of the February 2024 Merchant Agreement funding was repaid in full in August of 2024. The Company recognized in interest
expense associated with the amortization of the debt discounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

In April 2024, the Company entered into an agreement
for the purchase and sale of future receivables (April 2024 Merchant Agreement) with a financial institution for the sale of future receivables
in exchange for in funding (the April 2024 Purchase Price) in exchange for in cash and full settlement of the November
2023 Merchant Agreement funding discussed above. The Purchase Price is to be repaid through daily payments representing 10 of future
customer payments receivables until a total of approximately is paid. In connection with the April 2024 Merchant Agreement, and
as additional consideration, the Company has agreed to issue shares of its common stock to the financial institution in an amount
equal to 5 of the Purchase Price, or , which was recorded as additional debt discount. The number of shares issued is equal to
5 of the Purchase Price divided by the average closing per share price of the Company s common stock for the previous twenty (20)
days from the signed date of the Merchant Agreement. This agreement superseded the Merchant Agreement executed in November 2023. In August
2024, the total balance of principal and interest payable on the February 2024 Merchant Agreement funding of approximately 60,000, was
rolled into the August 2024 Merchant Agreement funding, as discussed below. The balance of the April 2024 Merchant Agreement funding was
repaid in full on September 30, 2024. The Company recognized approximately in interest expense associated with the amortization
of the debt discounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

In August 2024, the Company entered into an agreement
for the purchase and sale of future receivables (August 2024 Merchant Agreement) with a financial institution for the sale of future receivables
in exchange for in funding (the August 2024 Purchase Price), of which represented cash proceeds, and the balance applied
as full settlement of the outstanding obligations under the February 2024 Merchant Agreement funding discussed above. The Purchase Price
is to be repaid through daily payments representing 16 of future customer payments received until a total of approximately is
paid. In connection with the August 2024 Merchant Agreement, and as additional consideration, the Company has agreed to issue shares
of its common stock to the financial institution in an amount equal to 5 of the new principal Advance Amount, or , which was recorded
as debt discount. The number of shares issued is equal to 5 of the Advance Amount divided by the average closing per share price of the
Company s common stock for the previous twenty (20) days from the date signed by the Merchant Agreement. The balance of the Merchant
Agreement funding is expected to be repaid in full within the next year. 

In September 2024, the Company entered into an
agreement for the purchase and sale of future receivables (September 2024 Merchant Agreement) with a financial institution for the sale
of future receivables in exchange for funding (the September 2024 Purchase Price), of which represented cash proceeds,
and the balance applied as full settlement of the outstanding obligations under the April 2024 Merchant Agreement funding discussed above.
The Purchase Price is to be repaid through daily payments representing 12 of future customer payments received until a total of approximately
 is paid. In connection with the September 2024 Merchant Agreement, and as additional consideration, the Company has agreed to
issue shares of its common stock to the financial institution in an amount equal to 5 of the new principal Advance Amount, or ,
which was recorded as debt discount. The number of shares issued is equal to 5 of the Advance Amount divided by the average closing per
share price of the Company s common stock for the previous twenty (20) days from the date signed by the Merchant Agreement. The
balance of the Merchant Agreement funding is expected to be repaid in full within the next year. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately 
 and 
 in interest expense associated with the amortization of the debt discounts on the February, April, August and September 2024 Merchant
Agreements. The remaining unamortized debt discounts, totaling approximately ,
are expected to be expensed in full as interest expense within the next year, in conjunction with the principal payments. 

2024 Promissory Notes 

In March 2024, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of with an Original Issue Discount (OID) of (March 2024 Promissory Note). Interest is charged
on the principal at upon issuance of the promissory note, totaling , and is payable, along with principal, in five individual
payments commencing September 15, 2024, through the maturity date of . In addition to the OID, the Company paid 
in issuance costs associated with the 2024 March Promissory Note and recorded a debt discount totaling which is being amortized
over the repayment period of the principal through interest expense. The Company recognized and in interest expense for
the three and nine months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, associated with amortization of the debt discount on the March 2024 Promissory
Note. Solely upon an event of default, and at the option of the holder, all amounts outstanding under the March 2024 Promissory Note are
convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price equal to 65 of the lowest trading price of the Company s
common stock during the ten trading days prior to the conversion date. In the event of default, all outstanding obligations under the
March 2024 Promissory Note shall become due and payable at 150 of the outstanding principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest,
plus any other amounts owed under the March 2024 Promissory Note. Approximately in principal and OID remain outstanding at September
30, 2024. 

In April 2024, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of with an Original Issue Discount of (April 2024 Promissory Note). Interest is charged on
the principal at upon issuance of the April 2024 Promissory Note, totaling , and is payable, along with principal, in ten individual
payments of commencing May 30, 2024, through the maturity date of . The Company recognized in interest expense
for the nine months ended June 30, 2024, associated with amortization of the debt discount on the April 2024 Promissory Note. Solely upon
an event of default, and at the option of the holder of the April 2024 Promissory Note, all amounts outstanding under the April 2024 Promissory
Note become convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price equal to 65 of the lowest trading price
of the Company s common stock during the ten trading days prior to the conversion date. In the event of default, the April 2024
Promissory Note shall become due and payable at 150 of the outstanding principal amount of the April 2024 Promissory Note plus accrued
and unpaid interest, plus any other amounts owed under the promissory note. Approximately in principal and OID remain outstanding
at September 30, 2024. 

In September 2024, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of with an Original Issue Discount of (September 2024 Promissory Note). Interest is charged
on the principal at upon issuance of the September 2024 Promissory Note, totaling , and is payable, along with and on the
maturity date of . The Company recognized in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, associated
with amortization of the debt discount. Solely upon an event of default, and at the option of the holder of the September 2024 Promissory
Note, all amounts outstanding under the September 2024 Promissory Note become convertible into shares of the Company s common stock,
at a conversion price equal to 65 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the ten trading days prior to
the conversion date. In the event of default, the September 2024 Promissory Note shall become due and payable at 150 of the outstanding
principal amount of the September 2024 Promissory Note plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus any other amounts owed under the promissory
note. 

In August 2024, the Company entered into a financing
arrangement with their Directors and Officers (D O) insurance provider to fund the annual premium related to the D O insurance
policy. The total amount financed was , and incurs interest at a rate of per annum, with nine monthly payments of principal
and interest of through May 2025. 

Following is a summary of debt outstanding at
December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024: 

Related Party Salkind Loans 

Related Party Other Loans 

2024 Promissory Notes 

Total Debt 

Less: Unamortized debt discounts 

Current portion of debt 

of its common stock, with all fractional common shares rounded up to the nearest whole number. The effects of this
rounding resulted in the issuance of 14,162 additional shares of common stock at the time of the split. 

The Company s authorized capital stock consists
of 105,000,000 shares, comprised of shares of common stock, per share par value , and shares of preferred
stock, per share par value . 

Of the 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized,
the Board of Directors has designated the following: 

shares as Series AA Preferred Stock, outstanding 

shares as Series AAA Preferred Stock, shares outstanding 

shares as Series AAAA Preferred Stock, outstanding 

shares as Series C Preferred Stock, outstanding 

shares as Series B Preferred Stock: outstanding 

shares as Series E Preferred Stock, shares outstanding 

share of Series F Preferred Stock, outstanding 

shares of Series G Preferred Stock, outstanding 

shares of Series H Preferred Stock, outstanding 

Rights Under Preferred Stock 

The Company s classes of preferred stock
include the following provisions: 

Optional Conversion Rights of Preferred Stock 

Redemption Rights 

Series E preferred stock is redeemable at any
time upon 30 days written notice by the Company and the shareholders, at a rate of 100 of the Stated Value, as defined. 

Mandatory Conversion Right 

Any outstanding shares of Series G Preferred Stock
shall automatically convert into common stock based on the Series G Conversion Ratio if the closing sales price of the Company s
common stock for ten (10) consecutive trading days closes over 5.00 per share. 

Any outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock
shall automatically convert into common stock based on the Series H Conversion Ratio at the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026, or (ii)
at such time as the closing sale price of the Company s common stock exceeds 2.00 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days.
In August 2024, the Series H Preferred Stock satisfied the mandatory conversion right, resulting in the conversion of all shares
outstanding into shares of common stock, exclusive of accrued dividend liabilities totaling also being converted into
 shares of common stock. 

Mandatory Dividend 

Commencing after the later of (i) the first day
of the calendar month after the month in which the Series G shares are issued or (ii) January 2, 2024, the holders of outstanding shares
of Series G Preferred Stock shall receive a monthly dividend of 20 of the Stated Value per share. The dividend shall be paid at the election
of the majority holder of the Series G Preferred Stock in cash or in common stock. 

Commencing January 2, 2024, the holders of outstanding
shares of Series H Preferred Stock shall receive a monthly dividend of 1 of the Stated Value per share. The dividend shall be paid at
the election of the majority holder of the Series H Preferred Stock in cash or in common stock. If the election is for cash payment, the
Company has the right to deliver a one-year secured note bearing interest at the rate of 15 per annum in lieu of paying cash. As discussed
above, for the period January 1 through August 6, 2024, the mandatory conversion date, the Company accrued and paid stock dividends of
 common shares totaling , to the Series H Preferred Stock shareholders. 

Liquidation Preference 

The Series G and Series H Preferred Stock have
a liquidation preference of the Stated Value per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends. 

Shares Issued for Services 

On October 6, 2023, the Company entered a one-year
consulting contract with Mr. Gene Salkind, its Chairman of the Board, to provide business consulting services to the Company. Mr. Salkind
received shares of restricted common stock, valued at , in consideration of his services under this agreement. The value
of the shares issues is being amortized straight-line over the one-year term of the agreement. The Company recognized and 
in general and administrative expenses related to this amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

In December 2023, the Company entered a one-year
consulting contract with an unrelated party. In accordance with the contract, the consultant received a signing bonus of in cash,
 shares of restricted common stock valued at , and warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable over
a three-year period at per share, valued at . In addition, the consultant is to receive monthly cash payments of 12,500
over the term of the agreement. The value of the signing bonus, shares of restricted common stock, and warrants, totaling , was
recorded as a prepaid asset on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and is being amortized through general and administrative expenses
over the one-year term of the agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately
 and of expense associated with amortization of the prepaid asset with approximately remaining unamortized at September
30, 2024. 

On August 15, 2024, the Company entered into a
Business Development Agreement with a non-affiliated entity. The term of the agreement is three months, and the consultant has a choice
of in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. The consultant elected to receive shares of restricted
common stock. The fee was recorded as a prepaid asset on the consolidated balance sheet and is being amortized through general
and administrative expenses over the three month term. Approximately in expense was recognized for the three months ended September
30, 2024. 

Common Stock Issued in Conjunction with Debt
Issuance 

On December 30, 2022, the Company and Walleye
Opportunities Master Fund Ltd, a Cayman Islands company (the Investor), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Walleye SPA)
for the Investor to purchase from the Company (i) a senior secured 20 original issue discount (OID) nine-month promissory note in an
aggregate gross principal amount of , less the 20 OID of , for a net subscription amount of (the Investor
Note), and (ii) a five year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share,
exercisable commencing July 1, 2023 and expiring December 30, 2027 (the Investor Warrant). Proceeds from the Agreement were received by
the Company in January 2023. 

In conjunction with the Walleye SPA, the Company
issued shares of common stock, or approximately 5.3 of the Company s outstanding shares at that time, to the Investor as
an incentive on the transaction (Incentive Shares). Excluding the above-mentioned Investor Warrant, the shares of Common Stock exercisable
pursuant to such Investor Warrant are not being considered beneficially owned by the Investor until the Investor Warrant is exercisable
within 60 days. Total issuance fees of associated with the closing of the Walleye SPA were paid by the Company to Spartan Capital
Securities LLC and the Investor s counsel, resulting in net proceeds of . Approximately of the loan proceeds
were utilized to repay the outstanding principal and accrued interest under an SBA loan. 

The Investor Note will only become convertible
into common stock upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under and as defined in the Investor Note on terms set forth in the Investor
Note. This Investor Note matures and is payable on or before September 30, 2023, and it provides that the Investor may demand prepayment
after March 31, 2023, and before the maturity date, provided that the purchasers of securities in a future public offering by the Company,
as defined in the Walleye SPA, who hold the purchased Company securities at the time the prepayment demand, unanimously consent to the
prepayment. The Company granted a security interest in all of its assets to the Investor as collateral for its obligations under the Investor
Note pursuant to a Security Agreement. In addition, the Company s subsidiaries guaranteed the obligations of the Company under the
Investor Note pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantee and granted a first lien security interest in all their assets to the Investor as additional
collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement. All securities sold in the above-described transaction contain certain piggy-back registration
rights after the completion of our February 2023 Offering (see below). During the third quarter of 2023, the secured debt was paid in
full through the proceeds of our June 2023 Offering. 

The aforementioned Investor Warrant was deemed
to be an equity-classified derivative instrument with a fair value of 1,526,363 at the date of closing on the Agreement, incorporating
the use of the Black-Scholes valuation model, and the Incentive Shares were deemed to have a fair value of 318,863 based on the closing
market price of the Company s common stock on the day preceding the closing of the Walleye SPA. Per accounting guidance under ASC
815, the Company recorded the fair values of the Investor Warrant and Incentive Shares based on the relative fair value allocation method,
which allocates fair values as a percentage of total fair value of the debt, Investor Warrant, and Incentive Shares, in proportion to
the net proceeds received under the Investor Note of 1,150,000. As a result of applying the relative fair value allocation method, the
Investor Warrant was assigned a relative fair value of and the Incentive Shares were assigned a relative fair value of ,
at the date of closing on the Walleye SPA. Amortization associated with the total debt discounts is being recognized using the effective
interest method over the term of the Investor Note, which matured on September 30, 2023. For the period ended June 30, 2023, 
in amortization on the debt discounts was recognized as interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, and
the remaining unamortized debt discounts of were written off as loss on debt extinguishment upon full settlement of the Investor
Note in conjunction with proceeds received from the June 2023 Offering. 

February 2023 Offering 

On February 13, 2023, the Company entered into
an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Spartan Capital Securities LLC (the Underwriter) relating to a public offering
of shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Shares), for net proceeds of
 (the February 2023 Offering). In conjunction with the February 2023 Offering, which closed on February 16, 2023, the investors
also received other Warrants to purchase 806,452 shares of common stock (Series 2023 Warrants) on a cash basis or up to 403,226 shares
on a cashless basis. The offered Shares were priced at 6.975 per combination of one share of common stock or one pre-funded warrant,
accompanied by one Series 2023 Warrant. 

Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable at any
time, until fully exercised, to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0015 per share. Each Series 2023 Warrant
is exercisable for five years to purchase 0.1 share of common stock at a cash exercise price of 6.975 per warrant share. The Series 2023
Warrants contain an alternative cashless exercise provision permitting the holder to acquire 0.05 share of common stock for every 0.1
warrant share any time after the earlier of (i) 30 days following the initial exercise date of February 14, 2023, and (ii) the date on
which the aggregate trading volume of the Company s common stock, beginning on the initial exercise date of the Series 2023 Warrants,
exceeds 2,419,355 shares. Additionally, the exercise price of both the pre-funded warrants and the Series 2023 Warrants are subject to
customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and the like. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Underwriter agreement,
and as partial consideration to the Underwriter, the Company issued a warrant for the purchase of 26,882 shares of common stock, exercisable
from February 14, 2023, through February 14, 2028, at an initial exercise price of 7.6725 per share. This warrant was cancelled by the
underwriter on or about June 30, 2023, in connection with the completion of the June 2023 Offering described below. The Company also granted
the Underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional shares and/or pre-funded warrants in lieu of shares and accompanying
Series 2023 Warrants to purchase shares at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover
over-allotments, if any. No additional shares or pre-funded warrants were purchased by the Underwriter. The Company paid a cash fee to
the Underwriter equal to 8 of the gross proceeds raised in February 2023 Offering, plus a reimbursement of Underwriter fees totaling
 . 

Between the closing of February 2023 Offering
and June 30, 2023, investors holding pre-funded warrants converted all their pre-funded warrants into shares of common stock and
elected the alternative cashless exercise provision for the Series 2023 Warrants, resulting in the issuance of shares of common
stock. As of June 30, 2023, all the aforementioned pre-funded warrants and 2023 Warrants were exercised. 

June 2023 Offering 

On June 30, 2023, Mobiquity Technologies, Inc.
closed on a public offering selling an aggregate of shares of common stock (and common stock equivalents in the form
of pre-funded warrants to purchase 1,625,000 common shares) to investors pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements at a public offering
price of 1.50 per share (or 1.4985 per pre-funded warrant) (the June 2023 Offering), for total gross proceeds of . Placement
agent fees and other offering costs totaled and were recorded net of gross proceeds in the Company s consolidated statement
of stockholders equity during the quarter ended June 30, 2023. Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable at any time to purchase one
share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0015 per share. Additionally, the exercise price of pre-funded warrants is subject to
customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and the like. Spartan Capital Securities, LLC acted as the
Company s exclusive placement agent of the June 2023 Offering pursuant to a Placement Agent Agreement. The net proceeds to the Company
from the sale of the shares and pre-funded warrants, after deducting the Placement Agent commissions and offering expenses payable by
the Company, was approximately . The Company used of the proceeds received from the June 2023 Offering to fully satisfy
its Senior Secured 20 OID Promissory Note to Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. See Note 4. In July 2023, the Company also issued
 shares of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants, increasing the number of outstanding common shares to . 

Other 2023 Stock Transactions 

In April 2023, the Board of Directors or the Compensation
Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved the following transactions: 

Grant of shares of restricted common stock to Gene Salkind, Chairman of the Board, for services previously rendered, based on a per share value of 2.505. 

Grant of shares of restricted common stock each to the Company s CEO and another member of the Board of Directors for services as directors of the Company. 

Grant of shares of common stock to Gene Salkind as payment for accrued and unpaid interest of approximately based on a per share value of 2.505. 

Grant of shares of restricted common stock to the Company s legal counsel as payment for accrued and unpaid services valued at and per share. 

Issuance of a total of shares of restricted common stock at a per share value of 2.52 as payment and full settlement of outstanding accounts payable with a total carrying amount of . 

Share prices used in the above transaction were
based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the consummation dates of the transactions. 

Salkind October 2023 Loan Conversion and Series
G Preferred Stock Issuance 

Effective November 7, 2023, Mr. Gene Salkind and
parties associated with him (the Series G Preferred Shareholders), invested into the Company s newly created Series G
Preferred Stock, formalized through three Subscription Agreements for the sale of a combined shares of Series G Preferred Stock
for total cash proceeds of 1,200,000, plus the conversion of 300,000 in principal and 3,495 in accrued interest from the Salkind October
2023 Loan (see Note 4). Each share of the Series G Preferred Stock is convertible by the Series G Preferred Shareholders at any time after
issuance into ten (10) shares of the Company s Common Stock, or 0.50 per Common Share (Series G Conversion Ratio). The Series G
Preferred Stock will automatically convert at the same Series G Conversion Ratio upon the Company s Common Stock reporting of a
closing sales price over 5.00 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days. The Company did not pay any commissions or other compensation
to any third party in connection with the transactions reported herein. Exemption from registration is claimed under section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Series H Preferred Stock Issuances 

On December 18, 2023, the Series G Preferred Shareholders
agreed to exchange all of the Series G Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s newly created Series H Preferred
Stock. Also, our legal counsel agreed to exchange of monies owed to the law firm for shares of Series H Preferred Stock.
Each share of the Series H Preferred Stock is convertible at any time after issuance into ten (10) shares of the Company s Common
Stock, or 0.20 per Common Share (Series H Conversion Ratio). The Series H Preferred Stock will automatically convert at the same Series
H Conversion Ratio upon the Company s Common Stock reporting of a closing sales price over 2.00 per share for ten (10) consecutive
trading days or on December 31, 2026, whichever is earlier. The Company did not pay any commissions or other compensation to any third
party in connection with the transactions reported herein. Exemption from registration is claimed under section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, all outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock were converted
into shares of the Company s common stock, as discussed above. 

Issuance of Common Stock for Settlement of
Liabilities 

In January 2024, the Company issued shares
of its common stock at a per share price of 0.53 in full settlement of vendor liabilities outstanding at an amount equal to .
In March 2024, the Company issued shares of its common stock in settlement of outstanding vendor liabilities at an amount equal
to stock at per share prices ranging from 0.50 to 1.00. In the third quarter of 2024, corporate counsel converted of
accrued liabilities into common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

Issuance of Common Stock for Cash 

During the first nine months of 2024, the Company
raised a total of in cash from various accredited investors in conjunction with common stock subscription agreements, resulting
in the issuance of a total of shares at per share prices ranging from 0.30 to 0.60. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company
raised a total of in cash from various accredited investors in conjunction with common stock subscription agreements, resulting
in the issuance of shares at per share prices ranging from to . 

Issuance of Common Stock Warrant for Services 

During June 2024, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with an unrelated party for general business consulting services. The term of the agreement is for twelve months, commencing
in June 2024. Compensation under the agreement included an upfront payment of in cash, and the issuance of common stock
warrants, exercisable through June 2027, at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The consultant also receives a monthly fee of .
The fair value of the warrants at issuance was , which is being amortized, along with the upfront payment, through general and
administrative expenses, straight-line, over the twelve-month service period. The new warrants issued in September 2024 were fair valued at a total of , which
was recorded as prepaid assets and is being amortized through general and administrative expense straight-line over the remaining 10 months
of the agreement term. Total expense recognized related to the upfront payment and issued warrants was approximately and 
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Treasury Stock 

In the three months ended March 31, 2024, the
Company repurchased shares of common stock for an insignificant amount, recorded as treasury stock. There were repurchases of the
Company s common stock for the year ended December 31, 2023, or the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

shares may be granted under the 2023 EP Plan. On December 19, 2023,
the Board approved the 2023 Plan identical to the 2018 Plan, except that the 2023 Plan covers shares. The 2005 Plan, 2009 Plan,
2016 Plan, 2018 Plan, 2019 Plan, 2021 Plan, the 2023 EP Plan, and 2023 Plan are collectively referred to as the Plans. 

In April of 2022 and April 2023, Dean Julia was
granted options each year from the Company s 2021 Plan with immediate vesting, at an exercise price of and and
expiration of April 2031 and April 2032, respectively. 

In March and April 2023, Nate Knight and Byron
Booker, respectively, were each granted options from the Company s 2021 Plan with immediate vesting, at an exercise price
of , and expiration of March 2028 and April 2028, respectively. 

On December 19, 2023, the board approved, under
the 2023 Plan, granting five-year Non-Statutory Stock Options to purchase shares of common stock, immediately exercisable at
 per share to various officers, directors, employees and consultants. Exemption from registration is claimed under section 4(2) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

In April 2024, Dean Julia was granted options
from the Company s 2021 Plan with immediate vesting, at an exercise price of and expiration of April 2033. 

All stock options under the Plans are granted
at or above the fair market value of the common stock at the grant date. Employee and non-employee stock options vest over varying periods
and generally expire either 5 or 10 years from the grant date. The fair value of options at the date of grant was estimated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. For option grants, the Company will take into consideration payments subject to the provisions of
ASC 718 Stock Compensation. 

The weighted average assumptions made by calculating
the fair values of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, are as follows: 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Granted 

Cancelled or expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2024 

Options exercisable, September 30, 2024 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
and options exercisable on September 30, 2024, is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and
the market price of the Company s common stock for the shares that had exercise prices lower than the 2.49 closing price of the
Company s common stock on September 30, 2024. Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

As of September 30, 2024, there is in unamortized
compensation cost related to unvested stock option awards to be recognized during fiscal 2024 and 2025, respectively. 

Warrants 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023,
the Company issued a total of common stock warrants. Total warrant shares issued included shares issued in July 2023
in connection with the 20 OID Promissory note (see Note 4) which are exercisable commencing July 1, 2023, through December 30, 2027.
In February 2023, warrant shares were issued in connection with the February 2023 Public Offering, including of pre-funded
warrants (see Note 5) with a five-year contractual term, expiring February 14, 2028. On June 30, 2023, an additional pre-funded
warrants were issued with a five-year term in connection with the June 2023 Public Offering. During July 2023, pre-funded warrants
issued under the June 2023 Public Offering were exercised. In December 2023, the Company entered a one-year consulting contract with an
unrelated party. In accordance with the said contract, the consultant received warrants to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable
over a three-year period at 0.20 per share. 

On June 3, 2024, the Company entered into a one-year
consulting agreement with a non-affiliated entity. The agreement provides for cash compensation of (inclusive of a signing
bonus) to the consultant plus warrants to purchase common shares at an exercise price of per share through June 30, 2027.
 . 

The weighted average assumptions made in calculating
the fair value of warrants granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, are as follows: 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Granted 

Cancelled or expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2024 

Warrants exercisable, September 30, 2024 

Warrants 

Series AAA preferred stock 

Series E preferred stock 

Series H preferred stock 

Total common stock equivalents 

32 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and similar terms
refer to the Company. 

The information contained in this Form 10-Q and
documents incorporated herein by reference are intended to update the information contained in the Company's Form 10-K for its fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023 which includes our audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and such information
presumes that readers have access to, and will have read, the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations," "Risk Factors" and other information contained in such Form 10-K and other Company filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 

This statement contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Securities Act. Discussions containing such forward-looking statements may be found throughout this statement.
Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including the matters set forth in this statement. The accompanying consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024, and 2023
includes the accounts of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. (the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 plan, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, 
 may, will, should, could, and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking
statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties,
risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections
upon which the statements are based. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements
as a result of certain risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC on April 8, 2024. 

Any one or more of these uncertainties, risks
and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking statements made by us ultimately prove
to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future
events or otherwise. 

Our Company 

We are a next-generation advertising technology,
data compliance and intelligence company which operates through our three proprietary software platforms in the programmatic advertising
industry. 

The Programmatic Advertising Industry 

Programmatic advertising refers to the automated
buying and selling of digital ad space. In contrast to manual advertising, which relies on human interaction and negotiation between publishers
and marketers, programmatic ad buying harnesses technology to purchase digital display space. This use of software and algorithms helps
streamline ad buying processes, which is why programmatic has become one of the most indispensable digital marketing tools worldwide.
In 2023, global programmatic ad spend reached an estimated 558 billion U.S. dollars, with spending set to surpass 700 billion by 2026.
The United States remains the leading programmatic advertising market worldwide. 

33 

Our Mission 

Our mission is to help enterprises in the programmatic
industry become more efficient and effective regarding the monetization of advertising, audience segments and data compliance. We do this
by offering three proprietary solutions: Our ATOS platform for brands and agencies, our data intelligence platform for audience segments
and targeting, and our publisher platform for privacy compliance and publisher monetization. 

Our Opportunity 

Due to the recent changes to Privacy Laws,
such as GDPR and CCPA, along with Apple and Google s removal of Identifiers, we believe Publishers are facing two significant
issues: increasing costs due to privacy compliance laws and decreasing revenue, due to the lack of audience targeting. We believe there
is a major paradigm shift occurring in the market, where user data and the targeting intelligence to use it must shift from middlemen
directly to the content publishers. Publishers must own their first party data and manage their audiences segments in-house. We
believe that irrespective of whether a publisher chooses to work with us or not, they need to find a solution that allows advertisers
to buy directly from them. 

Our Solutions 

Programmatic Advertising Platform 

Our advertising technology operating system (or
ATOS) platform is a single-vendor end-to-end solution that blends artificial intelligence (or AI) and machine learning (or ML)-based optimization
technology that automatically serves advertising and manages digital advertising campaigns. Our ATOS platform engages with approximately
10 billion advertisement opportunities per day. 

As an automated programmatic ecosystem, ATOS increases
speed and performance, by providing dynamic technology that scales in real-time. It is this proprietary cloud-based architecture that
keeps costs down and allows us to pass along savings to our customers. Also, by offering more of the features inherent in a digital advertising
campaign and removing the need for third-party integration of those features, we believe that our ATOS platform can be substantially more
time efficient and cost efficient than other Demand-Side Platforms (or DSPs). Our ATOS platform also decreases the effective cost basis
for users by integrating all the necessary capabilities at no additional cost as compared to the costs to outsource these capabilities
to one or more providers in a fragmented ecosystem. DSP and bidding technologies, AdCop Fraud Protection, rich media and ad serving,
attribution, reporting dashboard and DMP are all included in our ATOS platform. 

Data Intelligence Platform 

Our data intelligence platform provides precise
data and insights on consumer s real-world behavior and trends for use in marketing and research. Our management believes, based
on our experience in the industry, that we provide one of the most accurate and scaled solutions for data collection and analysis, utilizing
multiple internally developed proprietary technologies. 

We provide our data intelligence platform to our
customers on a managed services basis, and offer a self-service alternative through our MobiExchange product, which is a software-as-a-service
(or SaaS) fee model. MobiExchange is a data-focused technology solution that enables users to rapidly build actionable data and insights
for its own use. MobiExchange s easy-to-use, self-service tools allow anyone to reduce the complex technical and financial barriers
typically associated with turning offline data, and other business data, into actionable digital products and services. MobiExchange provides
out-of-the box private labeling, flexible branding, content management, user management, user communications, subscriptions,
payment, invoices, reporting, gateways to third party platforms, and help desk, among other things. 

34 

Publisher Platform for Monetization and Compliance 

Our content publisher platform is a single-vendor
ad tech operating system that allows publishers to better monetize their opt-in user data and advertising inventory. The platform includes
tools for: consent management, audience building, a direct advertising interface and inventory enhancement. Our publisher platform provides
content publishers with the functionality to use its user identifier data to create inventories of profiled data segments and to target
audiences with advertising using that data, in a data privacy compliant manner. 

Our Revenue Sources 

We target publishers, brands, advertising agencies
and other advertising technology companies as our audience for our three platform products. Our sales and marketing strategy is focused
on providing a de-fragmented operating system that facilitates a considerably more efficient and effective way for advertisers and publishers
to transact with each other. Our goal is to become the programmatic display advertising industry standard for small and medium sized advertisers.
We generate revenue from our platforms through two verticals: 

The first is licensing one or more of our platforms as a white-label product for use by advertising agencies, demand-side platforms (or DSP s), brands and publishers. Under the white-label scenario, the user licenses a platform from us and is responsible for running its own business operations and is billed a percentage of amounts spent on advertising run through the platform. 

The third revenue stream is a managed services model, in which, the user is billed a higher percentage of revenue run through a platform, but all services are managed by us. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates
and disclosures on the date of the financial statements. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates including, but not limited to,
those related to revenue recognition. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical experience, and other assumptions as the basis for
making judgments. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates in the
preparation of our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

Preparing financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual
results could differ from those estimates, and those estimates may be material. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company operates in an industry that is subject
to intense competition and changes in consumer demand. The Company s operations are subject to significant risks and uncertainties
including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure. 

35 

The Company has experienced, and in the future
expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include,
among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the industry, (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company
competes, including a potential general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility of prices in connection with the Company s
distribution of the product. These factors, among others, make it difficult to project the Company s operating results on a consistent
basis. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company accounts for financial instruments
at fair value, which as is defined as the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit
price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The valuation techniques are based on observable
and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect
certain market assumptions. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 Valuation based on unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the Company has the ability to access; 

Level 2 Valuation based on observable quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; and 

Level 3 Valuation based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, which require management s best estimate of what market participants would use as fair value. 

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management. 

The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet
financial instruments approximated their fair value. These financial instruments include accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued
interest related party, and accrued expenses, and contract liabilities. On September 30, 2024, the carrying amounts of these financial
instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments, or they are receivable or payable on demand.
The fair value of the Company s debt approximates its carrying value based on the current financing rates available to the Company
and its short-term nature. 

The Company does not have any other financial
or non-financial assets or liabilities that would be characterized as Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 instruments. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable represent customer obligations
under normal trade terms and are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding customer balances. Credit is extended
to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable.
The Company does not require collateral. 

Management periodically assesses the Company s
accounts receivable and, if necessary, establishes an allowance for credit losses. The Company provides an allowance for credit losses
based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable, historical collection information and existing economic conditions. Accounts
determined to be uncollectible are charged to operations when that determination is made. 

36 

Provision for credit losses expense (recovery)
is recorded as a component of general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

Management evaluates the recoverability of the
Company s identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment
exists, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-10-35-15 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Events and circumstances
considered by the Company in determining whether the carrying value of identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets may
not be recoverable include but are not limited to significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results; significant
changes in the use of the assets; significant negative industry or economic trends; and changes in the Company s business strategy.
In determining if impairment exists, the Company estimates the undiscounted cash flows to be generated from the use and ultimate disposition
of these assets and compares this to the carrying amounts of the assets. 

If impairment is indicated based on a comparison
of the assets carrying values and the undiscounted cash flows, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which
the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) to align revenue recognition
more closely with the delivery of the Company s services and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced disclosures.
In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these services. To achieve this core
principle, the Company applies the following five steps: 

Identify the contract with a customer. 

A contract with a customer exists when (i) the
Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party s rights regarding the services to be transferred
and identifies the payment terms related to these services, (ii) the contract has commercial substance and, (iii) the Company determines
that collection of substantially all consideration for services that are transferred is probable based on the customer s intent
and ability to pay the promised consideration. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer s ability and intention
to pay, which is based on a variety of factors including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer,
published credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. 

Identify the performance obligations in the
contract. 

Performance obligations promised in a contract
are identified based on the services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer
can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from
the Company, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other
promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised services, the Company must apply judgment to determine whether
promised services are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met the promised
services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

37 

Determine the transaction price. 

The transaction price is determined based on the
consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer. To the extent the transaction
price includes variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction
price utilizing either the expected value method or the most likely amount method depending on the nature of the variable consideration.
Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s judgment, it is probable that a significant future
reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. 

Allocate the transaction price to performance
obligations in the contract. 

If the contract contains a single performance
obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. However, if a series of distinct services
that are substantially the same qualifies as a single performance obligation in a contract with variable consideration, the Company must
determine if the variable consideration is attributable to the entire contract or to a specific part of the contract. Contracts that contain
multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone
selling price basis unless the transaction price is variable and meets the criteria to be allocated entirely to a performance obligation
or to a distinct service that forms part of a single performance obligation. 

Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies
a performance obligation. 

The Company satisfies performance obligations
either overtime or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring
a promised service to a customer. 

Each of the Company s customer contracts
is deemed to have a single performance obligation. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract, although terms generally include a requirement
of payment within 30 to 90 days. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for our stock-based compensation
under ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation using the fair value-based method. Under this method, compensation
cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which is
generally the vesting period. This guidance establishes standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges equity
instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities in exchange for goods or services
that are based on the fair value of the entity s equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments. 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes model for measuring
the fair value of options and other equity instruments granted to both employees and non-employees. 

When determining fair value of stock-based compensation,
the Company considers the following assumptions incorporated into the Black-Scholes model: 

Exercise price, 

Expected dividends, 

Expected volatility, 

Risk-free interest rate; and 

Expected life of option 

38 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

We consider the applicability and impact of all
new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, stockholders equity, cash flows, or
presentation thereof. Management has evaluated all recent accounting pronouncements as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) through the date their consolidated financial statements were available to be issued and found no recent accounting pronouncements
issued, but not yet effective, that when adopted, will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities
Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions: On September 30, 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03 (ASU 2022-03), which clarifies the
guidance in Topic 820 on the fair value measurement of an equity security that is subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the
sale of an equity security. The ASU also requires specific disclosures related to such an equity security, including (1) the fair value
of such equity securities reflected in the balance sheet, (2) the nature and remaining duration of the corresponding restrictions, and
(3) any circumstances that could cause a lapse in the restrictions. ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual restriction prohibiting
the sale of an equity security is a characteristic of the reporting entity holding the equity security and is not included in the
equity security unit of account. Accordingly, an entity should not consider the contractual sale restriction when measuring the equity
security s fair value (i.e., the entity should not apply a discount related to the contractual sale restriction, as stated in ASC
820-10-35-36B as amended by the ASU). The ASU also prohibits an entity from recognizing a contractual sale restriction as a separate unit
of account. For public business entities, ASU 2022-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2022-03, effective January 1, 2024, did not have an impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Financial Instrument Credit Losses:
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13). ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology
under current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of reasonable
and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 requires the use of a forward-looking expected credit
loss model for accounts receivables, loans, and other financial instruments. In May 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-05, which provides
transition relief for entities adopting ASU 2016-13. For entities that have adopted ASU 2016-13, the amendments in ASU 2019-05
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods therein. An entity may adopt ASU No. 2019-05
in any interim period after its issuance if the entity has adopted ASU 2016-13. For all other entities, the effective date will be
the same as the effective date of ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023, and the adoption of the guidance
did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract
Liabilities from Contracts with Customers: In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic
805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2021-08). Under ASU 2021-08, an acquirer
in a business combination must apply ASC 606 principles when recognizing and measuring acquired contract assets and contract liabilities.
The provisions of ASU 2021-08 are applicable for the Company for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The
Company adopted ASU 2021-08 on January 1, 2023, and the adoption of the guidance did not have a significant impact on its consolidated
financial statements and disclosures. 

39 

Plan of Operation 

Mobiquity intends to hire several new sales and
sales support individuals to help generate additional revenue using the Advangelists platform, our new Publisher Platform, and the Mobiquity
Networks MobiExchange. Mobiquity s sales team will focus on Advertising Agencies, Brands, and publishers to help increase both supply
and demand across the Advangelists platform while providing unique data segments utilizing MobiExchange. Together the Advangelists platform
and MobiExchange platform create multiple revenue streams for Mobiquity. The first is licensing the Advangelists platform as a white-label
product for use by Advertising Agencies, DSP s, Publishers, and Brands. Under the White-Label scenario, the user licenses the technology
and is responsible for running its own business operations and is billed a percentage of volume run through the platform. The third revenue
stream is a managed services model in which the user is billed a higher percentage of revenue run through the platform, but all services
are managed by the Mobiquity/Advangelists team. The third revenue model is a seat model, where the user is billed a percentage of revenue
run through the platform and business operations are shared between the user and the Mobiquity/Advangelists team. Additional revenue can
be generated by offering data segments and digital audiences through MobiExchange for use in omnichannel marketing programs that include
but not limited to programmatic advertising email marketing and SMS. The goal of the sales team is to inform potential users of the benefits
in efficiency and effectiveness of utilizing the end-to-end, fully integrated ATOS created by Advangelists and Mobiquity Networks. New
sales and support individuals are also needed to generate revenue for our new Publisher Platform. The target audiences for this platform
will be website publishers, application publishers, Connected TV (CTV) publishers and Supply-Side Platform (SSP) operators. 

Results of Operations 

Quarter ended September 30, 2024, versus quarter
ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth certain selected
statements of operations data for the periods indicated in dollars. In addition, we note that the period-to-period comparison may not
be indicative of future performance. 

Three Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 566,044 
 177,271 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 230,296 
 114,174 
 
 Gross profit 
 335,748 
 63,097 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,314,839 
 1,458,136 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (979,091 
 (1,395,039 

We generated revenues of 566,044 in the third
quarter of 2024 compared to 177,271 for the same period of 2023, an increase of 388,773, or 219 . The increase can be directly attributed
to the uptick of political revenue in 2024. The Company has developed several new features which we believe will help grow revenue throughout
the remainder of 2024 and beyond. 

Cost of revenues was 230,296 or 41 of revenues
in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to 114,174 or 64 of revenues in the same fiscal period of 2023. Costs of revenues include audience
building, targeting features and web services for storage of our data and web engineers who are building and maintaining our platforms.
Our ability to capture and store data for sales does not translate to increased cost of revenues. 

Gross profit was 335,748 or 59 of revenues for
the third quarter of 2024 as compared to 63,097 in the same period of 2023 or 36 of revenues. 

40 

Operating expenses were 1,314,839 in the third
quarter of 2024 compared to 1,458,136 in the comparable period of the prior year, a decrease of 143,297, or 10 . The decrease in operating
costs was primarily related to a decrease in professional fees of approximately 130,000 and a decrease in licenses and permits of approximately
 12,000. 

The loss from operations for the third quarter
of 2024 was 979,091 as compared to 1,395,039 for the comparable period of the prior year. Our losses from operations decreased by approximately
 416,000, or 30 , driven in part by professional fees and licenses and permits as stated above, 150,000 in amortization costs and 173,000
decrease in operating expenses is related to the Company s capitalization of net software development costs during the third quarter
of 2024 related to the development of new products. These costs were primarily internal salaries for technological engineers, and external
consultant costs. Similar projects were under development during the third half of 2023. The continuing operating loss is attributable
to the focused effort in creating the products and services required to move forward with our business. 

Nine Months ended September 30, 2024, versus
nine months ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth certain selected
statements of operations data for the periods indicated in dollars. In addition, we note that the period-to-period comparison may not
be indicative of future performance. 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 1,096,218 
 441,010 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 625,690 
 281,071 
 
 Gross profit 
 470,528 
 159,939 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 3,520,726 
 4,421,863 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (3,050,198 
 (4,261,924 

We generated revenues of 1,096,218 in the first
nine months of 2024 compared to 441,010 for the same period of 2023, an increase of 655,208, or 149 . The increase can be directly attributed
to the uptick of political revenue in 2024. The Company has developed several new features which we believe will help grow revenue throughout
the remainder of 2024 and beyond. 

Cost of revenues was 625,690 or 57 of revenues
in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to 281,071 or 64 of revenues in the same fiscal period of 2023. Costs of revenues include
audience building, targeting features and web services for storage of our data and web engineers who are building and maintaining our
platforms. Our ability to capture and store data for sales does not translate to increased cost of revenues. 

Gross profit was 470,528 or 43 of revenues for
the first nine months of 2024 as compared to 159,939 in the same period of 2023 or 36 of revenues. 

Operating expenses were 3,520,726 in the first
nine months of 2024 compared to 4,421,863 in the comparable period of the prior year, a decrease of 901,137, or 20 . The decrease in
operating costs was primarily related to a decrease in professional fees of approximately 663,000, license and permits of approximately
 150,000. 

The loss from operations for the first nine months
of 2024 was 3,050,198 as compared to 4,261,924 for the comparable period of the prior year. Our loss from operations decreased by approximately
 1,200,000, or 28 , driven in part by amortization costs of 309,000, professional fees and licenses and permits as stated above. The
decrease in operating expenses is related to the Company s capitalization of net software development costs during the first nine
months of 2024 related to the development of new products. These costs were primarily internal salaries for technological engineers, and
external consultant costs. Similar projects were under development during the first nine months of 2024. The continuing operating loss
is attributable to the focused effort in creating the products and services required to move forward with our business. 

On November 12, 2024, we announced the expansion
of our strategic partnership with Context Networks and the rollout of their advanced ad tech solution for casinos, seamlessly integrating
digital ads into slot machines to enhance player engagement. This innovative approach not only transforms the in-casino experience but
also extends advertising across mobile and CTV platforms, reconnecting with players after they leave. With plans for a broader rollout,
we believe this technology is poised to set a new standard in multi-platform advertising within the gaming industry. Furthermore, management
believes that the aforementioned strategic partnership will have a material impact on our results of operations in fiscal 2025 and beyond. 

41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have a history of operating losses, and our
management has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and our auditor has included
an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its audit report for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2023. 

The Company
had cash of 189,810 at September 30, 2024. Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 1,798,860.
This resulted primarily from a net loss of 2,918,723 offset by stock-based compensation of 1,410, amortization of intangible assets
and capitalized software development costs of 206,113, increase in accounts receivable of 202,815, an increase in accounts payable and
accrued expenses of 630,497, issuance of common stock and warrants for services rendered of 749,152, provision for credit losses of
 92,779, amortization of debt discounts of 265,556, decrease in contract liabilities of 118,025, and an income tax benefit of 59,324.
Cash used in investing activities was related to the development of new software of 1,444,396. Cash flows provided by financing activities
of 2,904,794 were related to repayment of debt of 574,746 offset by net proceeds received from the sale of common stock of 2,237,000
and proceeds from the issuance of debt of 1,242,546 and the repayments on notes payable, net of issuance costs. 

The
Company had cash of 140,939 at September 30, 2023. Cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was
 3,732,469. This resulted primarily from a net loss of 5,220,014 offset by stock-based compensation of 22,295, amortization of
intangible assets and capitalized software development costs of 515,364, decrease in accounts receivable of 165,331, a decrease in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 626,415, loss on debt extinguishment of 396,322, amortization of debt discounts of 738,142, and an
income tax benefit of 180,000. Cash used in investing activities was related to the development of new software of 1,507,045. Cash flows
provided by financing activities of 5,159,599 were related to repayment of debt of 1,587,500 offset by net proceeds received from the
sale of common stock and pre-funded warrants of 5,735,499 and proceeds from the issuance of debt of 1,011,500, net of issuance costs. 

Our company commenced operations in 1998 and was
initially funded by our three founders, each of whom has made demand loans to our company that have been repaid. Since 1999, we have relied
on equity financing and borrowings from outside investors to supplement our cash flow from operations and expect this to continue in 2024
and beyond until cash flow from our proximity marketing operations becomes substantial. 

Debt and Equity Transactions 

See Notes 4, 5, and 9 to the consolidated financial
statements herein for a complete description of various debt and equity transactions in the periods covered by this report. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any
off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable 

42 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of each fiscal year and quarter. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due primarily to the Company s lack of
segregation of duties in the finance and accounting department similar to other companies our size. 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures,
which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and
CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There were changes in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal year, which includes the integration of the new staff, that
have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

We performed additional analysis as deemed necessary
to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, the
management believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly in all material respects our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Continuing Internal Controls Remediation Efforts 

During fiscal 2022 the Company identified control
gaps and deficiencies. The Company continues to mitigate and remediate the gaps, deficiencies, and material weaknesses in its internal
controls. The Board of Directors and The Audit Committee, as a priority, initiated these remediation activities to ensure the Company
has proper internal controls over financial reporting and corporate governance. The Company has instituted independent monitoring and
testing of these aforementioned controls. These procedures were applied during fiscal 2023 and will continue in fiscal 2024, with mitigation
and revision of controls continuing to be an ongoing process. Management has decided to defer the allocation of the additional talent
necessary for the full implementation of the planned remediations until late fiscal 2024. The Company has instituted detective controls
as well as independent monitoring and testing of these aforementioned controls, which gives management comfort that reporting represents
the financial results of the Company in all material respects. 

43 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Michael Trepeta, a former Co-CEO and director
of the Company, filed a lawsuit against the Company and its subsidiary, Mobiquity Networks in April 2023 in the New York State Supreme
Court, Nassau County. The claims stem from a Separation Agreement and Release that Mr. Trepeta and the Company entered into nine years
ago in April 2017 which terminated Mr. Trepeta s employment agreement and discontinued his employment and directorship with the
Company, among other things, by mutual agreement. Mr. Trepeta also gave the Company a release in the Separation Agreement and Release.
Mr. Trepeta has claimed that the Company fraudulently induced him to enter into the Separation Agreement and Release; that the Company
breached Mr. Trepeta s employment agreement; and that the Company breached its covenant of good faith and fair dealing and its
fiduciary duty. Mr. Trepeta is claiming not less than 2.5 million in damages. Based on the Company s initial internal review of
the situation, the Company believes the claims lack merit and it intends to vigorously defend the same. In December 2023, the Company
was notified that its motion to dismiss Mr. Trepeta s action was granted but Mr. Trepeta has filed a notice of appeal. Due to uncertainties
inherent in litigation, the Company cannot predict the outcome of this matter at this time. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Incorporated by reference are the risk factors
contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2. CHANGES IN SECURITIES. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

(a) For fiscal 2023 and 2024, we had no sales
or issuances of unregistered capital stock, except as described below: 

Date of Sale 
 
 Title of Security 
 
 Number Sold 
 
 Consideration Received and Description of Underwriting or Other Discounts to Market 
 Price or Convertible 
 Security, Afforded to 
 Purchasers 
 
 Exemption 
 from 
 Registration 
 Claimed 
 
 If Option, Warrant or Convertible 
 Security, terms 
 of exercise or 
 conversion 
 
 2023 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 291,891 shares 
 
 Services rendered 
 
 Rule 506, Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

2023 
 
 Common Stock 

626, 844 shares 
 2,448,427 warrants 
 
 Shares sold for cash 
 
 Rule 506, Section 4(2) 
 
 Warrant exercise price ranging from 1.50 to 6.975 per share 

2023 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 34, 849 shares 
 
 Original issue discount 
 
 Section 3 (a)(9) 
 
 Not applicable 

2023 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 2,314,026 shares 
 
 Warrant conversion 
 
 Section 3 (a)(9) 
 
 Each warrant exercise price 6.975 

2023 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 92,378 shares 
 
 Interest conversion 
 
 Rule 506, Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

Jan-September 2024 

Common Stock 
 
 4,347,334 shares 
 
 Shares sold for cash 

Rule 506, Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

Jan-September 2024 

Common Stock 
 
 223,526 shares 
 
 Services rendered 
 
 Rule 506, Section 4(2) 
 
 Not applicable 

Jan-September 2024 

Common Stock 
 
 7,684,730 shares 

Conversion of Series H 
 Preferred stock 
 
 Section 3 (a)(9) 
 
 Not applicable 

Jan-September 2024 

Common Stock 
 
 158,840 

Conversion of Series H 
 Preferred dividends 
 
 Section 3 (a)(9) 
 
 Not applicable 

44 

In April 2023, the Board of Directors or the Compensation
Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved the following transactions: 

Grant of 6,667 shares of restricted common stock to Gene Salkind, Chairman of the Board, for services previously rendered, based on a per share value of 2.505. 

Grant of 3,333 shares of restricted common stock each to the Company s CEO and another member of the Board of Directors for services as directors of the Company. 

Grant of 2,000 shares of common stock to Gene Salkind as payment for accrued and unpaid interest of approximately 5,000 based on a per share value of 2.505. 

Grant of 4,791 shares of restricted common stock to the Company s legal counsel as payment for accrued and unpaid services valued at 12,000 and 2.505 per share. 

Issuance of a total of 31,891 shares of restricted common stock at a per share value of 2.52 as payment and full settlement of outstanding accounts payable with a total carrying amount of 80,411. 

Share prices used in the above transaction were
based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the consummation dates of the transactions. 

Salkind October 2023 Loan Conversion and Series
G Preferred Stock Issuance 

Effective November 7, 2023, Mr. Gene Salkind and
parties associated with him (the Series G Preferred Shareholders), invested 1,503,495 into the Company s newly created Series G
Preferred Stock, formalized through three Subscription Agreements for the sale of a combined 300,789 shares of Series G Preferred Stock
for total cash proceeds of 1,200,000, plus the conversion of 300,000 in principal and 3,495 in accrued interest from the Salkind October
2023 Loan (see Note 4). Each share of the Series G Preferred Stock is convertible by the Series G Preferred Shareholders at any time after
issuance into ten (10) shares of the Company s Common Stock, or 0.50 per Common Share (Series G Conversion Ratio). The Series G
Preferred Stock will automatically convert at the same Series G Conversion Ratio upon the Company s Common Stock reporting of a
closing sales price over 5.00 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days. The Company did not pay any commissions or other compensation
to any third party in connection with the transactions reported herein. Exemption from registration is claimed under section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Series H Preferred Stock Issuances 

On December 18, 2023, the Series G Preferred Shareholders
agreed to exchange all 300,789 of the Series G Preferred Stock into 751,730 shares of the Company s newly created Series H Preferred
Stock. Also, our legal counsel agreed to exchange 33,000 of monies owed to the law firm for 16,500 shares of Series H Preferred Stock.
Each share of the Series H Preferred Stock is convertible at any time after issuance into ten (10) shares of the Company s Common
Stock, or 0.20 per Common Share (Series H Conversion Ratio). The Series H Preferred Stock will automatically convert at the same Series
H Conversion Ratio upon the Company s Common Stock reporting of a closing sales price over 2.00 per share for ten (10) consecutive
trading days or on December 31, 2026, whichever is earlier. The Company did not pay any commissions or other compensation to any third
party in connection with the transactions reported herein. Exemption from registration is claimed under section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, all outstanding shares of Series H Preferred Stock were converted
into shares of the Company s common stock, as discussed above. 

Issuance of Common Stock for Settlement of
Liabilities 

In January 2024, the Company issued 100,000 shares
of its common stock at a per share price of 0.53 in full settlement of vendor liabilities outstanding at an amount equal to 53,000.
In March 2024, the Company issued 18,000 shares of its common stock in settlement of outstanding vendor liabilities at an amount equal
to 12,000 stock at per share prices ranging from 0.50 to 1.00. In the third quarter of 2024, corporate counsel converted 18,000 of
accrued liabilities into common stock at a conversion price of 0.50 per share. 

45 

Issuance of Common Stock for Cash 

During the first nine months of 2024, the Company
raised a total of 2,237,000 in cash from various accredited investors in conjunction with common stock subscription agreements, resulting
in the issuance of a total of 4,347,334 shares at per share prices ranging from 0.30 to 0.60. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company
raised a total of 675,000 in cash from various accredited investors in conjunction with common stock subscription agreements, resulting
in the issuance of 1,100,000 shares at per share prices ranging from 0.50 to 1.00. 

Issuance of Common Stock Warrant for Services 

During June 2024, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with an unrelated party for general business consulting services. The term of the agreement is for twelve months, commencing
in June 2024. Compensation under the agreement included an upfront payment of 25,000 in cash, and the issuance of 100,000 common stock
warrants, exercisable through June 2027, at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. The consultant also receives a monthly fee of 5,000.
The fair value of the warrants at issuance was 171,800, which is being amortized, along with the upfront payment, through general and
administrative expenses, straight-line, over the twelve-month service period. In September 2024, the Company amended the consulting agreement
to increase the monthly cash compensation to 10,000 and to issue additional warrants to purchase a total of 150,000 shares of common
stock exercisable over a three-year period. The 150,000 warrant shares consist of 100,000 exercisable at 0.50 per share and 50,000 exercisable
at 1.00 per share through September 10, 2027. The new warrants issued in September 2024 were fair valued at a total of 446,200, which
was recorded as prepaid assets and is being amortized through general and administrative expense straight-line over the remaining 10 months
of the agreement term. Total expense recognized related to the upfront payment and issued warrants was approximately 94,000 and 110,000
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Treasury Stock 

In the three months ended March 31, 2024, the
Company repurchased 17 shares of common stock in the first quarter of March 31,2024 for an insignificant amount of money, recorded as
treasury stock. There were no repurchases of the Company s common stock for the year ended December 31, 2023, or the quarter ended
September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no
director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

46 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 20, 2018 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc., Glen Eagles Acquisition LP, Avng Acquisition Sub, LLC, Advangelists, LLC, and Deepankar Katyal as Member Representative (the Advangelists Merger Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated December 11, 2018.) 
 
 2.2 
 
 First Amendment to the Advangelists Merger Agreement dated December 6, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated December 11, 2018.) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of April 30, 2019 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated April 30, 2019.) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, effective as of May 8, 2019 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Gopher Protocol, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2019.) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement effective as of May 8, 2019 between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Gopher Protocol, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2019.) 
 
 2.6 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, effective as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and GBT Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 2.7 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Dr. Gene Salkind (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 2.8 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 2.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 20, 2021, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Talos Victory Fund, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 2.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 20, 2021, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Blue Lake Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 2.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 30, 2022, with Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation filed March 26, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed June 10, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation approved by stockholders in 2005(Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 11, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated October 7, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated May 18, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2012.) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 10, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2013.) 

47 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed December 22, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 23, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated March 24, 2016.) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated February 28, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated March 1, 2017.) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated February 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated December 17, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated December 4, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated July 16, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated July 15, 2019.) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation-Series dated September 23, 2019 
 
 3.17 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated August 24, 2020 

3.18 
 
 Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated June 15, 2023 
 
 3.19 
 
 Amended By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB as filed with the Commission on February 10, 2005) 
 
 3.20 
 
 2014 Amendment to By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 24, 2014.) 
 
 3.21 
 
 November 2021 Amendment to By-Laws 
 
 3.22 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2023.) 
 
 3.23 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated November 2023 
 
 3.24 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated December 2023 
 
 4.1 
 
 Amended and Restated 7,512,500 Promissory Note dated as of May 10, 2019, from Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. to Deepanker Katyal, as representative of the former members of Advangelists, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated May 10, 2019.) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of September 13, 2019, by and between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and Deepankar Katyal, as representative of the former owners of Advangelists, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Dr. Gene Salkind, dated as of September 13, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Dr. Gene Salkind, dated as of December 31, 2019 
 
 4.6 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Dr. Gene Salkind, dated as of April 1, 2019 
 
 4.7 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind, dated as of September 13, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind, dated as of December 31, 2019 
 
 4.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind, dated as of April 1, 2019 

48 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Lender Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K/A dated September 13, 2019.) 

4.11 
 
 Promissory Note in favor of Talos Victory Fund, LLC dated September 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Promissory Note in favor of Blue Lake Partners LLC dated September 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 

4.13 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 20, 2021, issued to Talos Victory Fund, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 20, 2021, issued to Blue Lake Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K dated September 20, 2021.) 

4.15 
 
 Form of 2021 Representative s warrant 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of 2021Warrant Agent Agreement by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of 2021 Warrant (Annex C to the Form of Warrant Agent Agreement attached as Exhibit 4.16) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Series 2023 Warrant 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant (Form 2023) 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Investor Convertible Debt Subscription Agreement (5 Original Issue Discount) 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Investor Convertible Debt Subscription Agreement (10 Original Issue Discount) 
 
 4.23 
 
 Form of Investor Convertible Debt Subscription Agreement (10 Annual Interest) 
 
 4.24 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 30, 2022, issued to Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 4.25 
 
 Amendment dated February 7, 2023 to Promissory Note dated December 30, 2022 issued to Walleye 
 
 4.26 
 
 Warrant dated December 30, 2022, issued to Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 4.27 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant for the Offering 
 
 4.28 
 
 Amendment dated February 13, 2023, to Promissory Note dated December 30, 2022 issued to Walleye 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2019 Dean L. Julia (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2019 Sean Trepeta (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2019 Paul Bauersfeld (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019.) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 4, 2022 Deepanker Katyal (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Security Agreement and Subsidiary Guarantee with Walleye (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Issuer (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification in accordance with section 302of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification in accordance with section 302of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18.U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18.U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 2005 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB/A filed with the Commission March 21, 2005.) 

49 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 99.2 
 
 Amendment to 2005 Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-QSB/A filed with the Commission on August 15, 2005.) 
 
 99.3 
 
 2009 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009.) 
 
 99.4 
 
 2018 Employee Benefit and Consulting Services Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on January 11, 2019.) 
 
 99.5 
 
 2021 Employee Benefit and Consulting Compensation Plan 
 
 99.6 
 
 2023 Equity Participation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 18, 2023.) 
 
 99.7 
 
 2023 Employee Benefit and Consulting Compensation Plan 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline Document, XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline Calculation Linkbase, XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline Linkbase, XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline Linkbase, XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline Presentation Linkbase 

__________________ 

Filed herewith. 

Filed with form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 

Previously filed under Form S-1 Registration Statement, File No. 333-260364. 

Previously filed under Form S-1 Registration Statement File No. 333-269293. 

Previously filed under Form S-1 Registration Statement File No. 333-272572 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

MOBIQUITY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Dean L. Julia 

Dean L. Julia, 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Sean McDonnell 

Sean McDonnell, 

Principal Financial Officer 

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mobiquity_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Dean L. Julia, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ DEAN L. JULIA 

DEAN L. JULIA, 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mobiquity_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Sean McDonnell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ SEAN MCDONNELL 

SEAN MCDONNELL, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mobiquity_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mobiquity
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dean L. Julia, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DEAN L. JULIA 

DEAN L. JULIA 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Date: November 14, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mobiquity_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mobiquity
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sean McDonnell, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ SEAN MCDONNELL 

SEAN MCDONNELL 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

Date: November 14, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mobq-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mobq-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mobq-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mobq-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

