<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_814926_0001903596-24-000669.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3332989</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108484</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>694401</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>831198</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>696048</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>922256</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-24-000669.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114151550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-24-000669
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814926
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				841047159
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28831
		FILM NUMBER:		241460852

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NUMBER 144-V, 10 FAIRWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 252-3440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NUMBER 144-V, 10 FAIRWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33441

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHDT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA DIRECT TRADING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBQ INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-24-000669.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 capc_10q.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuers Telephone Number) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large, accelerated file, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging Growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, the Company had shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding. The Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the
trading symbol CAPC . 

1 

Use of Certain Defined Terms. Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, the following terms have the stated meanings. 

As used in
this Form 10-Q Quarterly Report for the fiscal period ending September 30, 2024 Form 10-Q Report or Form 10-Q ),
 COVID-19 refers to Coronavirus/COVID-19 virus and all variants of that virus, a highly contagious novel virus that was
declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization or WHO on March 11, 2020. COVID-19 pandemic refers to
 global pandemic (as defined by WHO) caused by COVID-19. Company , Capstone , we, our ,
and us refers to Capstone Companies, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless context indicates just Capstone Companies, Inc. 

Additionally: 

(1) 
 Capstone Lighting
 Technologies, L.L.C. or CLTL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Capstone Companies, Inc. 
 
 (2) 
 Capstone International
 Hong Kong Ltd or CIHK is a wholly owned subsidiary of Capstone Companies, Inc. and a Hong Kong registered Company,
 that is currently in a dormant status. 
 
 (3) 
 Capstone Industries,
 Inc. , a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of CAPC, may also be referred to as CAPI 
 
 (4) 
 Capstone Companies,
 Inc. , a Florida corporation, may also be referred to as we , us, our , Company ,
 or CAPC . Unless the context indicates otherwise, Company includes in its meaning all of Capstone Companies,
 Inc. Subsidiaries. 
 
 (5) 
 China means
 People s Republic of China. 
 
 (6) 
 W means watts. 
 
 (7) 
 References to 33
 Act or Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 (8) 
 References to 34
 Act or Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (9) 
 SEC or Commission 
 means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 (10) 
 Subsidiaries 
 means Capstone Industries, Inc. CAPI ), Capstone International H.K Ltd., CIHK ), and Capstone Lighting
 Technologies, Inc. CLTL ). 
 
 (11) 
 Any reference to fiscal
 year in this Annual Report on Form 10-K means our fiscal year, ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 (12) 
 LED or LEDs 
 means a light-emitting diode component(s) which can be assembled into light bulbs or can be used in lighting fixtures. 
 
 (13) 
 OEM means
 original equipment manufacturer. 
 
 (14) 
 Connected Surfaces 
 or Connected Products means smart home devices with embedded sensors that provide communication and data transfer between
 the Connected Surface and internet-enabled systems of the Company or associated third parties. Connected Surfaces may permit internet
 access for defined functions. 

We may use FY to mean fiscal
year and Q to mean fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

2 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES,
INC. 

 Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q 

 Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operation 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
 Risk 
 33 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 

PART II 
 Other Information 
 34 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of
 Proceeds 
 35 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults of Senior Securities 
 35 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 35 

3 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES,
INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets: 
 (Unaudited) 
 (audited) 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from affiliates 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable due to related party 

Notes payable related parties and accrued interest-current 

Notes payable unrelated party and accrued interest-current 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Deferred tax liabilities -long-term 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies: (Note 4) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred Stock, Series B-1, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding- shares at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 (Liquidation Preference 

Preferred Stock, Series C, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding - - shares 

Common Stock, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

Compensation 

Professional fees 

Product development 

Other general and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Other Income (Expenses): 

Other income 

Interest expense, net 

Total Other Income (Expenses), net 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Income Tax Expense 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per Common Share 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES,
INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE NINE
MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

 (Unaudited 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Additional 

Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Net Loss 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Net Loss 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Net Loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Net Loss 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Net Loss 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Net Loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES,
INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Noncash lease expense 

Accrued interest added to notes payable related and unrelated parties 

Increase in accounts receivable, net 

Decrease in inventories 

Decrease in prepaid expenses 

Decrease in deposits 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Decrease in operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from notes payable related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Decrease in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest cash paid 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES,
INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, an accumulated deficit of , a cash balance of , short-
term notes payable of and of long-term liabilities for deferred taxes. Further, during the nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company incurred a net loss of and used cash in operations of . 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company reported a or 49 increase in net revenue from in 2023 to in
2023. The increase in revenue period to period is due to a liquidation sale of the Smart Mirrors for . The net loss for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was as compared to in 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
the Company used in operating activities approximately of cash in 2024 and in 2023. The decrease in net cash used in
operations primarily relates to decrease in right of use operating lease expense for the non-renewal of the office lease, and decreases
in inventory and operating expenses during 2024 as the company has moved to a remote work environment and decreased overhead and workforce
costs significantly. 

These liquidity conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We are seeking alternative sources of liquidity,
including but not limited to debt or equity funding through issuance of securities, or other alternative financing measures. 

On October 31,
2024 the Company signed an Unsecured Promissory Note Note with Coppermine Ventures, LLC Coppermine ),
a private Maryland limited liability company based in Baltimore County, Maryland, of Principal to the Company. The Principal is to be used to pay the working capital debts of the Company listed in Exhibit Two to the Note. The
Principal accrues interest at a simple annual rate of .
Principal and accrued interest thereon is due and payable in a single lump sum due on July 31, 2025, unless occurrence of certain
events causes all sums to become due prior to July 31, 2025, including certain events of default. The Note is not secured by
collateral or any other secured interest and does not provide for any conversion of debt-to-equity securities or issuance of any
securities. See Note 6. 

In addition, as an
inducement to make the loan evidenced by the Note and to make a financial commitment to fund the essential working capital needs of the
Company through March 31, 2025, the Company and Coppermine signed a Management Transition Agreement MTA on October 31,
2024. MTA provides, in part, that Coppermine will: (1) designate two (2) persons for appointment to the Company s Board of Directors
to fill vacancies on the Company s Board of Directors; (2) designate a person to act as Chief Executive Officer and President of
the Company upon the resignation of the incumbent Chief Executive Officer of the Company; and (3) fund certain essential and projected
working capital needs of the Company, as set forth in Attachment Two to the MTA, through March 31, 2025. The essential working
capital needs are those Company expenses that are necessary to pay to maintain the Company as a reporting company under the 1934
Act, cover the annual fee for the quotation of the Company s Common Stock on The OTC Markets Group OTC QB Venture
Market and OTC Blue Sky monitoring service through August 2025, retain the acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company, retain outside
legal counsel to the Company and maintain Directors and Officers liability insurance coverage. See Note 6. 

Certain directors
have provided necessary funding including a working capital line to support the Company s cash needs through this period of revenue
development, but this funding is limited in amount and frequency. Unless the Company succeeds in raising additional capital or successfully
increases cash generated from operations, or finds and consummates an alternative transaction to improve its financial condition, management
believes there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and meet its obligations over the
next twelve months from the filing date of this Form 10-Q. 

reduction in inventory to bring the balance to and
a corresponding expense to cost of sales. The write off of the remaining inventory was due to lower than expected sales of the Smart
Mirrors coupled with limited working capital to advance marketing efforts. 

. Goodwill acquired in business combinations
is initially computed as the amount paid by the acquiring company in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is
tested for impairment on December 31 of each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might
be impaired. The Company will then perform a one-step quantitative impairment text, whereby a goodwill impairment loss will be measured
as the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value (not to exceed the total goodwill allocated to that reporting
unit). Goodwill is not amortized. The Company estimates the fair value of its single reporting unit relative to the Company s market
capitalization. There was impairment charge for the nine month ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

options, warrants and of preferred B-1 stock
convertible into shares of common stock for 2024 and options, warrants and of preferred B-1
stock convertible into shares of common stock for 2023. 

With respect to its former consumer products business,
the Company recognized lighting product revenue when the Company s performance obligations as per the terms in the customers purchase
order have been fully satisfied, specifically, when the specified product and quantity ordered has been manufactured and shipped pursuant
to the customers requested ship window, when the sales price as detailed in the purchase order is fixed, when the product title and risk
of loss for that order has passed to the customer, and collection of the invoice is reasonably assured. This means that the product ordered
and to be shipped has gone through quality assurance inspection, customs and commercial documentation preparation, the goods have been
delivered, title transferred to the customer and confirmed by a signed cargo receipt or bill of lading. Only at the time of shipment when
all performance obligations have been satisfied will the judgement be made to invoice the customer and complete the sales contract. 

Marketing allowances
include the cost of underwriting an in-store instant rebate coupon or a target markdown allowance on a specific product. The Company
retains these allowances for a period of 3 to 5 years in the event the customer chargebacks for a promotional allowance against an open
invoice or submits an invoice for their claim. Cash discounts represent discounts offered to the retailer off outstanding accounts receivable
in order to initiate early payment. These allowances are evaluated when our relationship with a customer is terminated, or we cease selling
a specific product to a customer and may be released as other income if deemed not required. 

Direct-to-consumer
orders for the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors were sold initially through e-commerce platforms. The Company also sold the Connected
Surfaces Smart Mirror program through independent retailers. The Company only billed the customer and recognized revenue upon the customer
obtaining control of the Smart Mirror order which generally occurred upon delivery. 

The Company expensed
license royalty fees and sales commissions when incurred and these expenses are recognized during the period the related sale is recorded.
These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. 

The following table
presents net revenue by geographic location which is recognized at a point in time: 

Smart Mirror Products- U.S. 

Total Net Revenue 

We provide
our wholesale customers with limited rights of return for non-conforming product warranty claims. As a policy, the Company does not accept
product returns from customers, however occasionally as part of a customers in store test for new product, we may receive back residual
inventory. 

Smart Mirror customer
orders were shipped within one to two days of receipt. Revenue was recorded upon processing of the sale with a third-party merchant processor
such as Stripe or Amazon Pay. Lighting Product customer orders received were not long-term orders and were typically shipped within nine
months of the order receipt, but certainly within a one-year period. 

Our Smart Mirror
customers were charged when executing the e-commerce purchase. We do not have extended payment terms for our Smart Mirror customers.
Our Lighting Product payment terms varied by the type of customer, the customer s credit standing, the location where the product
will be picked up from and for international customers and which country their corporate office is located. The time between invoicing
date and when payment is due may vary between 30 days and 90 days depending on the customer type. To ensure there are no payment issues,
overseas customers or new customers may be required to provide a deposit or full payment before the order is delivered to the customer. As
of September 30, 2024, the Company was not actively marketing the Smart Mirror products and existing inventory was expensed as of December
31, 2023. 

Sales reductions
for anticipated discounts, allowances and promotional coupons are recognized during the period the related revenue is recorded. The discounts,
allowances and promotional coupons amounted to approximately and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31,
2023. 

and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. Due to declining
revenues, and the end of the LED product line as a revenue source, coupled with ending efforts to promote the Smart Mirror in 2024, the
Company reduced advertising and promotion expenses in 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the only marketing efforts by the Company have
been the Company s Chief Executive Officer seeking potential funding and pre-production purchasers of the Connected Chef. 

and , respectively. Expenses in 2023 were related
to the development of the Connected Chef, expanding the Connected Surfaces product portfolio. 

Accounts
 payable due to related parties 

Accrued
 warranty reserve 

Accrued
 compensation and deferred wages 

Total 

In November
2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-07 Segment Reporting (Topic ASC 280) Improvements to Reportable Segment
Disclosures. The ASU improves reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosure about significant segment
expenses. The enhancements under this update require disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the Chief
Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, require disclosure of other
segment items by reportable segment and a description of the composition of other segment items , require annual
disclosures under ASC 280 to be provided in interim periods, clarify use of more than one measure of segment profit or loss by the CODM,
require that the title of the CODM be disclosed with an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measures of segment profit or loss
to make decisions, and require that entities with a single reportable segment provide all disclosures required by this update and required
under ASC 280. ASU 2023-07 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption
permitted. The Company adopted ASC 280 on January 1, 2024, and ASC 280 did not have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

and ,
respectively, of net revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company had one major customer who comprised 78 
of net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Major Vendors 

The Company had one
vendor from which it purchased of merchandise during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company had one major customer who comprised
78 of net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

. As of September 30, 2024, the principal outstanding
and accrued interest is and , respectively. 

Working
Capital Loan with Directors and Unrelated Party 

On
May 1, 2022, the Company negotiated three 200,000 working capital funding agreements, to provide 600,000 in funding for daily operations.
The Board resolved that certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Working Capital Funding Agreement for up to a total of 600,000,
with Directors Stewart Wallach (through Group Nexus, a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), Jeffrey Postal, and an individual unrelated
shareholder, each entered into a capital funding agreement. The term of each agreement was 18 months with principal accruing
a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum, amended to mature on November 1, 2024. On September 30, 2024, Mr. Postal
and Mr. Wallach s agreements were amended for a new maturity date of . The individual unrelated shareholder s
agreement was not amended and is in default. The Company is currently negotiating with this individual as of the date of this
filing. These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. As of September 30, 2024, the principal outstanding and
accrued interest is 
 and ,
respectively. 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Director Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide
funding for daily operations. The initial term of this agreement was 18 months and was amended
to mature . Principal accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum. As of September 30, 2024, the principal
outstanding and accrued interest is and , respectively. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding
for daily operations. The initial term of this agreement was 18 months and was amended to mature . Principal accrues
simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. As of September 30,
2024, the principal outstanding and accrued interest is and , respectively. 

On
January 3, 2023, the Company negotiated a 40,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Director Stewart Wallach (through Group Nexus,
a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), to provide funding for daily operations. Principal accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent
per annum, amended to mature . The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. As of September 30,
2024, the principal outstanding and accrued interest is and , respectively. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company negotiated a Working Capital Funding agreement with Director Stewart Wallach to provide funding for daily
operations. Total funding under the agreement amounted to as of September 30, 2024. Principal accrues simple interest at a rate
of 5 percent per annum, amended to mature . The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. As of
September 30, 2024, the principal outstanding and accrued interest is and , respectively. 

On
January 16, 2024, the Company negotiated a Working Capital Funding agreement with Director Jeffrey Postal to provide 50,000 in funding
for daily operations. Principal accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum, amended to mature . The loan may be prepaid in full or
partially without any penalty. As of September 30, 2024, the principal outstanding and accrued interest is 
 and ,
respectively. 

As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a total of and , respectively of outstanding principal, on
the above referenced funding agreements, and accrued interest of and , respectively. The outstanding principal balances
and accrued interest has been presented on the condensed and consolidated balance sheet as follows: 

Current
 portion of notes payable and accrued interest, unrelated parties 

Total
 notes payable principal and accrued interest 

Less
 accrued interest 

() 

() 
 
 Total
 notes payable 

Management
believes that without additional capital or increased cash generated from operations, there is substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern and meet its obligations over the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. 

and , respectively. 

Employment Agreements 

On February 5, 2023,
the Company entered into a new Employment Agreement with Stewart Wallach, whereby Mr. Wallach will be paid 301,521 per annum. The initial
term of this new agreement began February 5, 2023 and ends February 5, 2025.
The parties may extend the employment period of this agreement by mutual consent with approval of the Company s Board of Directors,
but the extension may not exceed two years in length. 

Beginning in 2020
and through 2024, executive salaries and consulting fees have been deferred from time to time to conserve cash flow. Deferrals amounted
to and , as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, include an estimate for employer payroll liability
taxes, and are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

The Board of Directors ceased salary accrual as
of July 1, 2024, due to the Company having no active product line during the third quarter of 2024. 

There is a provision
in Mr. Wallach s employment agreement, if his employment is terminated by death or disability or without cause, the Company is
obligated to pay to his estate or him, an amount equal to accrued and unpaid base salary as well as all accrued but unused vacation days
through the date of termination. The Company will also pay sum payments equal to: the sum of twelve (12) months base salary at the rate
he was earning as of the date of termination and (b) the sum of merit based bonuses earned by the him during the prior
calendar year of his termination. Any payments owed by the Company shall be paid from a normal payroll account on a bi-weekly basis in
accordance with the normal payroll policies of the Company. The amount owed by the Company to Mr. Wallach, from the effective Termination
date, will be paid out bi-weekly over the course of the year but at no time will be no more than twenty (26) installments. The Company
will also continue to pay his health and dental insurance benefits for 6 months starting at the Executives date of termination. If he
had family health coverage at the time of termination, the additional family premium obligation would remain theirs and will be reduced
against his severance package. The employment agreements have an anti-competition provision for 18 months after the end of employment. 

The
Company did not accrue for benefits owed at the time of death or disability as it is not probable as of the period ended September 30,
2024. 

The following table
summarizes potential payments upon termination of employment : 

Directors
Compensation 

On July 5,
2022, the Board voted to suspend granting compensation to the independent directors for the remainder of the fiscal year 2022. There
have been no payments to the Board of Directors since the year ended December 31, 2022. 

warrants outstanding. 

Series
B-1 Preferred Stock 

On June 7,
2016, the Company authorized 3,333,333 of the B-1 preferred stock( B-1 ). The B-1 preferred stock are convertible into common
shares, at a rate of 66.66 of common stock for each share of B-1 convertible preferred stock. The par value of the B-1 preferred shares
is 0.0001. The B-1 shares shall not be entitled to any dividends and have no voting rights. In the event of a liquidation, the B-1 holders
are entitled to distribution prior to common stockholders but not before any other preferred stockholders. 

On January
4, 2021, the Company entered a 750,000 working capital loan agreement with Directors Stewart Wallach and Jeffrey Postal Lenders ).
In consideration for the Lenders allowing for loan advances under the loan agreement, a below market rate of interest and the loan made
on an unsecured basis, as payment of a finance fee for the loan, the Company issued a total of 7,500 shares of B-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock to each of the Lenders. Each preferred share converts into 66.66 shares of common stock at the option of the Lender. The Preferred
Shares and any shares of common stock issued under the loan agreement are restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

The B-1 shares
have a liquidation preference of per share or as of September 30, 2024. 

Options 

In 2005, the
Company authorized the 2005 Equity Plan that made available shares of common stock for issuance through awards of options, restricted
stock, stock bonuses, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units. 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were stock options outstanding and vested held by directors of the Company. The stock
options have a weighted average exercise price of and have a weighted average contractual term remaining of years.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, options expired, there were stock option grants, exercises, r stock-based
compensation expense. 

Adoption of Stock Repurchase Plan 

On
August 23, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to implement a stock repurchase plan for up outstanding
common stock. The repurchase plan may be discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 

On
December 19, 2018, Company entered a Purchase Plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, with Wilson Davis Co., Inc.,
a registered broker-dealer. Under the Purchase Plan, Wilson Davis Co., Inc will make periodic purchases of shares at prevailing
market prices, subject to the terms of the Purchase Plan. 

On
May 31, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors the maximum amount of aggregate funding available for possible stock repurchases
under the stock repurchase program remained at during the renewal period. 

During May
and June 2022, the Company repurchased shares of the Company s outstanding common stock in the open market. The total purchase
cost was . 

On July 7,
2022, the Board of Directors resolved to discontinue the stock purchase agreement. 

As of September
30, 2024, a total of shares of the Company s common stock has been repurchased since the plan was incepted at a total
cost of . The cost of the repurchased shares were recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 

Principal to the Company.
The Principal is to be used to pay the working capital debts of the Company listed in Exhibit Two to the Note. The Principal accrues
interest at a simple annual rate of .
Principal and accrued interest thereon is due and payable in a single lump sum due on July 31, 2025, unless occurrence of certain events
causes all sums to become due prior to July 31, 2025, including certain events of default. The Note is not secured by collateral or any
other secured interest and does not provide for any conversion of debt-to-equity securities or issuance of any securities. 

Management Transition Agreement 

As an inducement
to make the loan evidenced by the Note and to make a financial commitment to fund the essential working capital needs of the Company
through March 31, 2025, Company and Coppermine signed the MTA on October 31, 2024. MTA provides, in part, that Coppermine will: (1) designate
two (2) persons for appointment to the Company s Board of Directors to fill vacancies on the Company s Board of Directors;
(2) designate a person to act as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company upon the resignation of the incumbent Chief Executive
Officer of the Company; and (3) fund certain essential and projected working capital needs of the Company, as set forth in Attachment
Two to the MTA, through March 31, 2025. The essential working capital needs are those Company expenses that are necessary
to pay to maintain the Company as a reporting company under the 1934 Act, cover the annual fee for the quotation of the Company s
Common Stock on The OTC Markets Group OTC QB Venture Market and OTC Blue Sky monitoring service through August 2025,
retain the acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company, retain outside legal counsel to the Company and maintain Directors and
Officers liability insurance coverage. 

Under the MTA, the Company agreed to accept the resignation
of two (2) incumbent directors and the incumbent Chief Executive Officer upon receipt of designation of Coppermine s two (2) candidates
for appointment to the Company s Board of Directors and designation of Coppermine s candidate for appointment as Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company, which Coppermine candidates would be appointed to their respective positions upon resignation of
the two incumbent directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and which appointments would be subject to the Company s
Board of Directors verification that the Coppermine candidates are qualified and eligible to serve in their respective positions with
the Company. Coppermine has not designated its candidates as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q. Under the MTA, Coppermine has
until November 30, 2024, or December 31, 2024 if extended by written notice, to designate its candidates for appointment to the Company s
Board of Directors and appointment as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. 

As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q, no
new management members have been appointed by the Company. 

Conversion
of Deferred Wages and Consulting Fees to Notes Payable 

On
November 11, 2024, CEO Stewart Wallach executed a promissory note with the Company to evidence money owed to Stewart Wallach for services
rendered as Company s Chief Executive Officer from September 2020 to June 2024 amounting to . The principal balance
of this Note shall be payable by the Company on the earlier to occur of: (a) November 30, 2024; (b) the date on which the Company consummates
a merger or other business combination in which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or (c) the date the Board of Directors of
the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation. The date on which any of the foregoing events occur shall be referred to as the Maturity
Date . The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company, without penalty or charge. The principal
is in the amount of deferred salary owed to the Payee as of the dates stated above for services rendered to the Company as a senior officer. 

On
November 11, 2024, consultant George Wolf executed a promissory note with the Company to evidence money owed to George Wolf for services
rendered as Company s sales and business development consultant from September 2020 to June 2024 amounting to . The
principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Company on the earlier to occur of: (a) November 30, 2024; (b) the date on which
the Company consummates a merger or other business combination in which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or (c) the date
the Board of Directors of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation. The date on which any of the foregoing events occur shall
be referred to as the Maturity Date . The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company,
without penalty or charge. The principal is in the amount of deferred salary owed to the Payee as of the dates stated above for services
rendered to the Company as a consultant. 

The Company does not
believe any gain or loss will be recorded due to the conversion of deferred wages to notes payable. 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This discussion
should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the
Company s 2023 Annual Report. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Form 10-Q Report
contains forward-looking statements that are contained principally in the sections describing our business as well as in Risk
Factors, and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to
be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
All statements other than statements of historical facts contained, or incorporated by reference, in this Form 10-Q Report, including,
without limitation, those regarding our business strategy, financial position, results of operations, plans, prospects, actions taken
or strategies being considered with respect to our liquidity position, valuation and appraisals of our assets and objectives of management
for future operations, our ability to weather the impacts of the any pandemic or similar event, financing opportunities, and future cost
mitigation and cash conservation efforts and efforts to reduce operating expenses and capital expenditures are forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the factors described in the section captioned Risk Factors 
in our latest 2023 Annual Report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes,
 could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects,
 should, would and similar expressions (including the negative and variants of such words). Forward-looking statements reflect
our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Given
these uncertainties, a reader of this Form 10-Q Report should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 10-Q Report are made as of the date of filing this Form 10-Q Report. You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for
any reason, except as required by law. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited, to the
impact of: 

Company has no product line or operations generating revenues and has relied on loans or advances from its chief executive officer to
sustain basic executive operations, which funding is not assured to fund those operations through fiscal year 2024. If Company cannot
find outside funding to develop and promote a new product line or acquire a new business line in fiscal 2025, Company may lack sufficient
funds to sustain operations. 

Company needs to find third party funding to fund development, marketing and acquisition of inventory for any new product line, and lacks
such funding to market and purchase inventory for the Connected Chef, which is the only product ready for production as of September
30, 2024. Since the Company lacks hard assets, has no revenue generating operations, and significant debts, and as the Common Stock has
a low market price and limited liquidity, third party funding may not be available to produce and promote a new product line. 

Company may be unable to acquire a new business line or acquire a new business line that is able to fund the overhead necessary to maintain
the Company as a public company. 

The financial condition of the Company raises a substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The significant debt obligations, while mostly owed to two of the Company s directors, if not resolved or restructured, may pose
a hinderance to developing a profitable new product line or acquisition of a new business line. 

The Company may be unable to restructure or resolve all or most of its debt obligations in any transaction for acquisition of a new business
or business line, or to fund production and promotion of any new product line. 

Other risk factors are stated in Item 1A of Company s 2023 Annual Report. 

21 

It is not possible
to predict or identify all such risks. There may be additional risks that we consider immaterial, or which are unknown as of the date
of the filing of this Form 10-Q. 

Risk Factors affecting Efforts to Develop or Acquire
a New Business Line 

 The challenge facing the Company is to acquire a new
business line, or to establish a new profitable product line, whether the Connected Chef or another product line, before the cost of marketing
and penetrating a new product market company impose unsustainable financial burdens and losses on the Company. 

The
appointment of the new management members under the MTA has not occurred as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q and there are
no assurances that new management members will result in the development of a new business line for the Company or will enhance the ability
or capabilities of the Company s management to develop or acquire a new business line for the Company. The funding under the Note
and the financial support of essential corporate overhead expenses of the Company under the MTA, if provided in accordance with the MTA,
will allow the Company to continue efforts to develop a new business line. With significant financial support from Company s Chief
Executive Officer, who has been personally funding essential corporate overhead expenses in 2024, ending after October 2024, funding
by Coppermine under the Note and MTA is the sole source of working capital funding for the Company as of the date of the filing of this
Form 10-Q. 

 No
assurances can be given that any new management members or funding by Coppermine will in fact result in a new business line for the Company
or cover all future operating expenses of the Company. The financial commitment under the MTA extends only through the first fiscal quarter
of 2025 and, if Coppermine does not provide additional funding after the first fiscal quarter of 2025, or the Company does not develop
revenue generating operations prior to the end of the first fiscal quarter of 2025, then the Company will need to obtain a new source
of working capital funding for operating expenses after the first fiscal quarter of 2025 in order to sustain operations and efforts to
develop a new business line. The Company does not have an alternative source of working capital funding to funding by Coppermine. 

 Even if the Company
locates a new business line to develop or acquire, the Company may lack the funding necessary to consummate the development or acquisition
of a new business line. Further, the low market price of the Company s Common Stock, the Company s status as a penny stock
company, the limited liquidity of the market for the Company s Common Stock, the status of the Company as a company with no active
operations as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q and the costs of and regulatory requirements for consummating an acquisition
with a company with no active operations and the limited working capital funding available to the Company are factors adversely affecting
the Company s ability to develop or acquire a new business line. 

 If
the Company does develop or acquire a new business line, that new business line may not generate revenues sufficient to sustain Company s
and new business line s operations, may fail to achieve profitability, or may fail to attract sufficient funding to sustain or
grow operations. 

 The
Company intends to develop or acquire a new business line that is not involved in the production of consumer products that are discretionary
purchases for consumers, which was the Company s prior business line. The shift in focus is due to the low profit margins typically
provided by those consumer products; the funding needed for developing, producing, warehousing and marketing those consumer products;
the Company s lack of an effective e-commerce operation and reliance on bulk orders by a limited number of retailers for those
consumer products; and vulnerability of those consumer products to changing consumer preferences and retailers buying preferences. 

General Risk Factors
for Investment in Company s Common Stock . 

 The Company is a
 penny stock company under Commission rules and the public stock market price for our common stock is impacted by the lack
of significant institutional investor and primary market maker support. Investment in our common stock is highly risky and should only
be considered by investors who can afford to lose their investment and do not require on demand liquidity. Potential investors should
carefully consider risk factors in our SEC filings. The Company s common stock lacks the primary market maker and institutional
investor support to protect the public market from being
unpredictable and volatile. Investors may not have liquidity or desired liquidity in our common stock as an investment. With the lack
of any revenues and active business line, any investment in the Company s common stock would be highly risky. 

22 

The above examples
are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from time to time. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions,
expectations, estimates and projections regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we expect to
operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking
to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto
or any change of events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement was based, except as required by law. 

Overview of Our Business 

Capstone
Companies, Inc. Company or CAPC is a public holding company organized under the laws of the State of Florida.
The Company is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of consumer inspired products that simplify daily living through technology. Over
the past decade, the Company s various product lines have been distributed globally including consumer markets in Australia, Japan,
Korea, North America, South America, and the United Kingdom. The primary operating subsidiary is Capstone Industries, Inc. CAPI ),
a Florida corporation located at the principal executive offices of the Company. Capstone International Hong Kong, Ltd., or CIHK ,
was established to expand the Company s product development, engineering, and factory resource capabilities. With the 2021 shift
of manufacturing to Thailand from China, the CIHK operation was dormant. 

The
Company s focus through 2017 was the integration of LEDs into most commonly used consumer lighting products in today s home.
The LED category has matured and is no longer the innovative must have consumer product as in previous years, as such,
revenues for the LED product line have declined significantly in 2023. The Connected Surfaces is the Company s effort to establish
business in an emerging segment that is intended for future revenue growth. The Connected Surfaces products did not achieve significant
sales in 2023 either online or through efforts to sell in bulk to brick-and-mortar, big box retailers and all inventory
was expensed as of December 31, 2023. 

The
Connected Chef, is a purpose-built kitchen tablet with an accessory platform to accommodate food prep accessories such as a cutting board.
The Connected Chef has Google mobile service allowing for pre-installation of specific Google applications including Playstore,
voice assistant, and YouTube. The Connected Chef was ready for formal introduction in quarter four of 2023, and the Company has actively
marketing the Connected Chef tablet to appliance manufacturers and distributors, but the product has no purchase commitments from retailers
as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q. Due to the lack of orders and funding, the Connected Chef is not in production. 

On October
31, 2024, the Company secured a working capital promissory note for 125,914, maturing July 31, 2025 accruing 7 interest per annum.
For consideration for the working capital loan, the Company signed a Management Transition Agreement on October 31, 2024. This funding
will not be used for promotion or launch of the Connected Chef. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

The accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company reported a 47,000 or 49 increase in net revenue from 96,000 in 2023 to 143,000
in 2024. The increase in revenue period to period is due to a liquidation sale of the Smart Mirrors for 80,000. The net loss for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 482,000 as compared to 1,215,000 in 2023. During the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 the Company used in operating activities approximately 125,000 in 2024 and 574,000 in 2023. The decrease in net cash
used in operations primarily relates to a decrease in right of use operating lease expense for the non-renewal of the office lease, and
decreases in inventory and workforce during 2024 as the company has moved to a remote work environment and decreased overhead costs significantly. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has negative
working capital of approximately 3,748,000 and an accumulated deficit of 11,279,000. The Company s cash balance decreased by approximately
 35,000 from 37,000 as of December 31, 2023 to 2,000 as of September 30, 2024. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is actively
seeking alternative sources of liquidity, including but not limited to accessing the capital markets, or other alternative financing
measures. However, instability in, or tightening of the capital markets, could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets
on terms acceptable to us. An economic recession or a slow recovery could adversely affect our business and liquidity. 

The Company reviews
alternatives to its current business approach, including, without limitation, sale of the public company or merger of the Company with
a private operating company and other common strategic alternatives to a company facing business and financial challenges and uncertainties
such as ours. Management is closely monitoring its operations, liquidity, and capital resources and is actively working to minimize the
current and future impact of this unprecedented situation. 

23 

Director and
Chief Executive Officer, Stewart Wallach, has funded working capital since 2022 as the Company navigates these challenges. Total working
capital note proceeds received as of the date of this filing are 632,500. The 

 note payable
accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum, matures November 30, 2024, with the ability for the Company to request a 90-day
extension. 

Our Current Strategy 

The
Company s looking forward strategy is focused on developing or acquiring a new business line that can generate sufficient revenues
to sustain the Company s operations. These efforts will depend on having adequate working capital from funding to establish a new
business line or acquire a new business line and adequate cash flow from product sales or the new business line. We may be unable to
achieve sufficient working capital when and, in the amounts, required to meet operational needs and overhead or to pursue or establish
a new product lines or a new business line. The funding under the Note and MTA will provide working capital for essential working capital
needs but will not be sufficient to fund the development or acquisition of a new business line. Other than the funding under the Note
and MTA, the Company has not achieved adequate funding as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q report to fund more essential working
capital needs and the Company may be unable to achieve sufficient working capital when and, in the amounts, required to meet operational
needs and overhead. The lack of adequate, timely and affordable funding may undermine the efforts of the Company to establish a revenue
stream from a new business line developed internally or continue operations while seeking to develop or acquire a new business line,
and efforts to sustain Company operations. 

As
a former consumer product company, the Company competed in competitive consumer market channels that could be affected by volatility
from a number of general business and economic factors such as, consumer confidence and preferences, employment levels, new technologies,
credit availability, costs and barriers of producing products from foreign original equipment manufacturers OEMs and
commodity costs. Demand for the Company s products was highly dependent on economic drivers such as consumer spending and discretionary
income. The Company faced competition from numerous competitors in the consumer product industry, foreign and domestic, and some of those
competitors have substantially greater market share, brand recognition, distribution and financial and technical resources than the Company.
The Company s strategy was to develop well designed and made products that appeal to a niche market. When the Company was producing
and promoting a product line, the Company relied on the production and engineering resources and technical expertise of its contract
manufacturers to compensate for a lack of those resources internally. The lack of working capital hinders the ability of the Company
to leverage the development, design and production capabilities of OEMs. 

 Due
to working capital constraints, and results from prior e-commerce marketing efforts, the Company is not investing any funds in e-commerce
marketing and promotion efforts. 

Reason
for Development of Connected Surfaces . While consistently launching successful lighting programs in years prior to 2022, the Company
determined that it needed to develop a new product line with greater profit margin potential than LED Lighting and as a replacement revenue
generating source. The Company refocused its development and marketing initiatives and is focused on developing the Connected Surfaces
products as its primary business line to replace the LED lighting business, which is no longer being actively promoted by the Company.
The discontinuance of the LED lighting product line was due to gross margin reductions as a result of increased tariffs. 

The
Company s prior product roadmap outlined a plan for the launch at the end of 2024 of the Connected Chef, a kitchen appliance item,
which is a purpose-built tablet integrated into a multi-purpose cutting board and designed to safely deliver and access content on mobile
and web-based platforms a kitchen utility item. The Company received Google Mobile Service GMS approval during
2023 which allows the tablet integrated in the Connected Chef to operate the Android Operating System and pre-install Google s
proprietary applications such as Chrome, Drive, Gmail, Playstore, Youtube directly through the Connected Chef tablet Google 
is a trademark of Google LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet, Inc., a SEC reporting company). Rather than using and sharing recipes on one s
smartphone in the kitchen, recipes can be looked up directly using the users preferred search engine (like, Chrome). With access to content
online with millions of cooking and food related websites and videos as well as tutorials and cooking classes all in one place the Connected
chef becomes a digital recipe bookshelf. The Connected Chef also provides a cleaner and safer appliance
in the cooking area. The Connected Chef was designed to become an anchor in the digital kitchen. The design is aimed at tastefully styled
and coupled with excellent quality in order to appeal to the discerning eye while maintaining affordability for mainstream use. 

The Company believed
the Connected Chef program would leverage existing relationships with its traditional retail partners and collectively contribute organic
growth for the Company, as well as serving as a basis for partnering with appliance manufacturers and distributors. The ability of the
Company to promote any of its Connected Surface products and any new, related connected consumer products was dependent
on securing adequate, affordable and timely funding from lenders and investors. As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q report,
the Company has not secured that funding and the Connected Chef is not in production and has no pre-production orders. Efforts to promote
and launch the Connected Chef ended in September 2024. The focus of the Company is on a new business line not involving the production
and sale of discretionary consumer products. The Company regards the consumer product business line as too capital intensive to be pursued
by the Company at this time. 

Periodic
Strategic Review 

 Like
many companies, the Company conducts periodic strategic reviews where the feasibility of significant corporate transactions are considered,
including mergers, asset purchases or sales and diversification or change in business lines. The financial condition of the Company has
prompted an enhanced consideration and search for a significant corporate transaction, including, without limitation, a possible merger
and acquisition transaction or reorganization to sustain operations or to acquire a new business line that can support company operations.
The Company lacks the financial resources of larger companies to withstand adverse, significant and sustained changes in business and
financial condition. This vulnerability necessitates an ongoing consideration of alternatives to current operations. Due to the decline
in financial performance of the Company since 2021, and the Company being in transition from a declining product line and not yet establishing
a profitable product line, as well as the Company having its shares of Common Stock quoted on The OTC Markets Group, Inc. QB Venture
Market and being a penny stock , the Company may be unable to consummate a significant corporate transaction that sustains
operations or creates a new viable product line or business line. 

24 

Tariffs .
The President Trump administration implemented certain tariffs that directly affected the Company s competitiveness. While all
companies in certain industries are affected equally, the appeal for these products to consumers was negatively impacted when retail
prices increased due to higher duty rates. The Company has seen promotional schedules cut back and retailers have requested pricing adjustments
that would not be known to them in advance to products being shipped. The Company s previous business model insulates the Company
from paying duties as its retail partners are the importers of record. The obvious unknown is the final impact of tariffs to the landed
costs. Accordingly, retailers demonstrated caution in their promotional planning schedules. 

Sales
and Marketing of Consumer Product Line 

We used direct
sales by our Chief Executive Officer and sales agents to sell our consumer products, which effort included direct sales aimed to Big
Box and home-goods chain retailers. Company s e-commerce initiatives did not provide significant sales as of the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

The Company has historically promoted its products
to retailers and distributors at North American trade shows, such as the Consumer Electronics Show CES or the International
Hardware Show, but also relied on the retail sales channels to advertise its products directly to the end user consumers through various
promotional activities. 

In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company
had 2 major customers. 

When we promoted the
Connected Surface Smart Mirrors, we utilized social media platforms and online advertising campaigns to further grow the Company s
online presence. In addition to Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and LinkedIn, The Company has launched a You Tube channel to host Smart
Mirror videos and established a X account. Our Social Media marketing did not result in any significant sales of products. We were not
able to effectively compete in e-commerce and Social Media marketing and sales. The Company has a Social Media presence on the following
Social Media platforms, however the Company is not emphasizing Social Media marketing in 2024 due lack of results and lack of funding
to pursue active Social Media marketing: 

FACEBOOK 1 :
https://www.facebook.com/capstoneindustries and https://www.facebook.com/capstoneconnected 

 INSTAGRAM 2 :
https://www.instagram.com/capstoneconnected 

 PINTEREST 3 :
https://www.pinterest.com/capstoneconnected/ 

 LINKEDIN 4 :
https://www.linkedin.com/company/6251882 

 X 5 https://x.com/CAPC_Capstone 

 YOUTUBE 6 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMX5W8PV0Q59qoAdMxKcAig 

 1 Facebook
is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc. 

 2 Instagram
is a registered trademark of Instagram. 

 3 Pinterest
is a registered trademark of Pinterest. 

 4 LinkedIn
is a registered trademark of LinkedIn Corporation. 

 5 X
is a registered trademark of X Corp. 

 6 YouTube
is a registered trademark of YouTube Corporation. 

25 

Competitive Conditions for Consumer
Product Line 

The Company
operates in a highly competitive environment, both in the United States and internationally, in the former LED lighting product segment
and in the new Connected Surfaces internet of things product segments. The Company competes with large multinationals with global operations
as well as numerous other smaller, specialized national or regional competitors who generally focus on narrower markets, products, or
particular categories. 

Research, Product
Development, and Manufacturing Activities 

The
Company did not engage in research, product development or manufacturing in the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

For
the consumer products previously produced by the Company, the Company s research and development operations were based in Florida
and Thailand and the design and engineering of many of the Company s products, involved the collaboration from its third-party
manufacturing partners, software developers and Capstone U.S. engineering advisers. The Company outsourced the manufacture and assembly
of our consumer products to a select group of OEM manufacturers overseas. Our research and development focus typically and in 2023 included
efforts to: 

Develop products with increasing technology and functionality
 with enhanced quality and performance, and at a very competitive cost; and 

Solidify
 new manufacturing relationships with contract manufacturers in Thailand. 

The Company
established strict engineering specifications and product testing protocols with the Company s contract manufacturers and ensure
that their factories adhere to all Regional Labor and Social Compliance Laws. These contract manufacturers purchased components that
we specified and provided the necessary facilities and labor to manufacture our products. We leveraged the strength of the contract manufacturers
and allocated the manufacturing of specific products to the contract manufacturer best suited to the task. Quality control and product
testing was conducted at the contract manufacturers facility and at their 3 rd party testing laboratories overseas. 

CAPI used its
proprietary manufacturing expertise by maintaining control over all outsourced production and critical production molds. To ensure the
quality and consistency of the Company s products manufactured overseas, CAPI used globally recognized certified testing laboratories
such as United Laboratories (UL) or Intertek (ETL) to ensure all products were designed and tested to adhere to each country s
individual regulatory standards. The Company also hired quality control inspectors who examine and test products to CAPI s specification(s)
before shipments are released. 

26 

Raw Materials used for Consumer
Products 

For consumer
products previously produced, the principal raw materials currently used by CAPI were sourced in Thailand and China, as the Company orders
product exclusively through contract manufacturers in the region. These contract manufacturers purchase components based on the Company s
specifications and provided the necessary facilities and labor to manufacture the Company s products. Capstone allocated the production
of specific products to the contract manufacturer the Company believed is more experienced to produce the specific product and whose
facility is located in the country that most benefits from the U.S. Tariff regulations. To ensure the consistent quality of Capstone s
products, quality control procedures were incorporated at each stage of the manufacturing process, ranging from the inspection of raw
materials through production and delivery to the customer. These procedures were in addition to the manufacturers internal quality control
procedures and performed by Quality Assurance personnel. 

Raw Materials
 Components and supplies are subject to sample inspections upon arrival at the contract manufacturer, to ensure the correct
 specified components are being used in production. 

Work in Process 
 Our quality control inspectors conduct quality control tests at different points during the product stages of our manufacturing process
 to ensure that quality integrity is maintained. 

Finished Goods 
 Our inspectors perform tests on finished and packaged products to assess product safety, integrity and package compliance. 

Raw materials
used in manufacturing include plastic resin, copper, led bulbs, batteries, and corrugated paper. Prices of materials have remained competitive
in the last year. The Company believes that adequate supplies of raw materials required for its operations are available at the present
time. The Company cannot predict the future availability or prices of such materials. These raw materials are generally available from
a number of different sources, and the prices of those raw materials are susceptible to currency fluctuations and price fluctuations
due to transportation, government regulations, price controls, economic climate, or other unforeseen circumstances. 

Section 1502
of Title XV of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requires SEC-reporting companies to disclose
annually whether any conflict minerals are necessary to the functionality or production of a product. As of the date of the filing of
this Form 10-Q, the Company has no products in production. 

Distribution and Fulfillment 

Since January 2015,
the Company has outsourced its U.S. domestic warehousing and distribution needs to a third-party warehousing facility situated in Anaheim,
California. The warehouse operator provided full inventory storage, packaging and logistics services including direct to store and direct
to consumer shipping capabilities that electronically interface to our existing operations software. The warehouse operator provides
full ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning), Inventory Control and Warehouse Management Systems. 

For the e-commerce
and direct to consumer marketplace, the Company developed a new website with full shopping cart capabilities. The Company had negotiated
contracts for secured credit card processing capability, state sales tax compliance services and order fulfillment and logistics services,
at a very competitive rate. These efforts did not result in any significant product sales during 2024. 

27 

Information Technology 

The efficient operation of our corporate activities
is dependent on our information technology systems. We rely on those systems to manage our daily operations, and maintain our financial
and accounting records. When the Company was making and selling consumer products, and in the normal course of business, we received information
regarding customers, associates, and vendors. Since we do not collect significant amounts of valuable personal data or sensitive business
data from others, our internal computer systems are under a light to moderate level of risk from hackers or other individuals with malicious
intent to gain unauthorized access to our computer systems. Cyberattacks are growing in number and sophistication and are an ongoing threat
to business computer systems, which are used to operate the business on a day to day basis. Our computer systems could be vulnerable to
security breaches, computer viruses, or other events. The failure of our information technology systems, our inability to successfully
maintain our information or any compromise of the integrity or security of the data we generate from our systems or an event resulting
in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or degradation of services provided by critical business systems, whether by
us directly or our third-party service providers, could adversely affect our business operations, sales, reputation with current and potential
customers, associates or vendors, results of operations, product development and make us unable or limit our ability to respond to customers 
demands. 

We have incorporated
into our data network various on and off-site data backup processes which should allow us to mitigate any data loss events, however our
information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 

hurricanes, fire, flood
 and other natural disasters 

power outage 

internet, computer system,
 telecommunications or data network failure Hacking as well as malware, computer viruses, ransomware and similar malicious software
 code 

Cybersecurity. The Company
 did not experience any cybersecurity incidents in the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Environmental
Regulations 

We believe that the
Company is in compliance with environmental protection regulations and will not have a material impact on our financial position and
results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We believe
that there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared
to those we disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our
2023 Annual Report. 

CONSOLIDATED OVERVIEW
OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Results of operations. 

Net Revenues 

Revenue was
derived from sales of our Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors. Before 2024, the Company derived revenue from consumer home LED lighting
for both indoor and outdoor applications while the Smart Mirrors were sold directly to consumers via e-commerce efforts. We recognized
revenue upon shipment of the order to the customer when all performance obligations have been completed and title had transferred to
the customer and in accordance with the respective
sale s contractual arrangements. Each contract on acceptance had a fixed unit price. Our sales were to the U.S. market which in
2024 represented 100 of revenues and we expected to the U.S Market to be the major source of revenue for the Company. Net revenue also
includes the cost of instant rebate coupons, promotional coupons, and product support allowances provided to retailers to promote certain
products. All of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. 

28 

Cost of Goods Sold 

With respect
to the Connected Surface product line, our cost of goods sold consisted primarily of purchased products from contract manufacturers and
when applicable associated duties and inbound freight. In addition, our cost of goods sold also includes reserves for potential warranty
claims and freight allowances. On December 31, 2023, we expensed for obsolescence all remaining Smart Mirror inventory one hand. As a
result, the 86,289 of revenues derived from the e-commerce sales and the liquidation sale of the remaining inventory of Smart Mirrors
for the nine months ending September 30, 2024 did not have cost of goods sold associated with them. 

Gross
Profit 

Our gross
profit was affected by a variety of factors, including average sales price for our products, product mix, promotional allowances, our
ability to reduce product costs and fluctuations in the cost of our purchased components. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating expenses
include sales and marketing expenses, consisting of sales representative s commissions, advertising expense and costs related to
employee s compensation. In addition, operating expense include charges relating to product development, office and warehousing,
accounting, legal, insurance and stock-based compensation. 

CONSOLIDATED
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND OUTLOOK 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 (In Thousands) 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Dollars 
 of Revenue 
 Dollars 
 of Revenue 
 
 Revenues, net 

64 
 100 
 
 Cost of sales 

(163 
 (255 
 
 Gross Profit 

(99 
 (155 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 66 
 
 296 
 463 
 
 Operating Loss 
 (66 
 
 (395 
 (617 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 (30 
 
 (28 
 (44 
 
 Loss Before Tax Benefit 
 (96 
 
 (424 
 (663 
 
 Income Tax (Expense) 

0 
 
 Net Loss 
 (96 
 
 (424 
 (663 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 (In Thousands) 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Dollars 
 of Revenue 
 Dollars 
 of Revenue 
 
 Revenues, net 
 143 
 100 
 96 
 100 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (38 
 (27 
 (199 
 (207 
 
 Gross Profit 
 (105 
 (73 
 (103 
 (107 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 497 
 348 
 1,101 
 1147 
 
 Operating Loss 
 (392 
 (274 
 (1,204 
 (1254 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 (89 
 (62 
 (10 
 (10 
 
 Loss Before Tax Benefit 
 (481 
 (336 
 (1,215 
 (1266 
 
 Income Tax (Expense) 
 1 
 1 
 
 0 
 
 Net Loss 
 (482 
 (337 
 (1,215 
 (1266 

Net Revenues 

Our business operations
and financial performance for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflected slow e-commerce sales for the Smart Mirror with all
of the inventory sold in a liquidation event during the second quarter. 

29 

There were
no revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 64,000 or 100 from 64,000 in the same period 2023. 

Net revenues
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 143,000, an increase of 47,000 or 49 from 96,000 in the same period 2023. 

The following tables disaggregates
revenue by geographic area: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 
 of Total Revenue 
 Revenues 
 of Total Revenue 
 
 Lighting Products- US 

Smart Mirror Products- U.S. 

63,771 
 100 
 
 Total Revenue 

63,771 
 100 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Revenues 
 of Total Revenue 
 Revenues 
 of Total Revenue 
 
 Lighting Products- US 
 57,829 
 40 

Smart Mirror Products- U.S. 
 85,439 
 60 
 95,968 
 100 
 
 Total Revenue 
 143,268 
 100 
 95,968 
 100 

Gross Profit and Cost of Sales 

Gross profit
(loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, was approximately 0 and 99,000), respectively, an decrease of 99,000
from the previous year. Gross Profit as a percent of revenue was 0 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to (154 in the same period of 2023, due to the Smart Mirror inventory reserve of 60,000 recorded as of September 30, 2023. 

Gross profit
(loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, was approximately 105,000 and 103,000), respectively, an increase of
 208,000 from the previous year. Gross Profit as a percent of revenue was 73 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared
to (107 in the same period of 2023, due to the Smart Mirror inventory valuation adjustment recorded as of September 30, 2023 to reflect
the proper carrying value of the Smart Mirrors at lower than cost or net realizable value. 

Operating Expenses and Other Income
(Expenses) 

The Company made concerted efforts to
reduce operating expenses during 2024 in accordance with the liquidation of the Smart Mirror inventory, as denoted further. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, sales and marketing expenses were approximately 0 and 10,000, respectively, a decrease of
 10,000 or 100 . 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, sales and marketing expenses were approximately 17,000 and 66,000, respectively, a decrease
of 49,000 or 74 . The Company made concerted efforts to reduce marketing expenses in accordance with the low Smart Mirror sales. 

30 

Compensation Expenses 

For the three months ended September 30,
2024, and 2023, compensation expenses were approximately 0 and 116,000 respectively, a decrease of 116,000 or 100 . 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, compensation expenses were approximately 153,000 and 377,000 respectively, a decrease of
 224,000 or 59 . The Company has reduced workforce to essential employees and executives suspended salary accrual as of July 1, 2024. 

Professional
Fees 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, professional fees were approximately 36,000 and 93,000 respectively, a decrease of 57,000 or 61 . 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, professional fees were approximately 230,000 and 321,000 respectively, a decrease of 91,000 or
28 . 

Product Development Expenses 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2024, product development expenses were approximately 2,000 as compared to 25,000 in 2023, a reduction of
 23,000 or 92 . 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, product development expenses were approximately 4,000 as compared to 76,000 in 2023, a reduction of
 72,000 or 94 . During 2023, fees were incurred testing and certification of the Connected Chef which were not incurred during 2024. 

Other
General and Administrative Expenses 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, other general and administrative expenses were approximately 27,000 as compared to 52,000 in
2023 for a reduction of 25,000 or 48 . 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, other general and administrative expenses were approximately 92,000 as compared to 261,000 in 2023
for a reduction of 169,000 or 65 . Rent expense, operating overhead and travel costs were reduced as part of the reduction in nonessential
expenses during 2024. 

Total Operating Expenses 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, total operating expenses were approximately 66,000 and 296,000, respectively, a decrease
of approximately 231,000 or 78 . 

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, total operating expenses were approximately 497,000 and 1,101,000, respectively, a
decrease of approximately 604,000 or 55 . 

Operating
Loss 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the operating loss was approximately 66,000 and 296,000, respectively, a decreased loss of
 230,000 or 78 . 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the operating loss was approximately 392,000 and 1,204,000, respectively, a decreased loss
of 812,000 or 67 . 

Total Other
Income (Expense), net 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, other income (expense) was 0. 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, other income (expense) was 89,000), net as compared to 10,000) for 2023. 

Net Loss 

For the three
months ended September 30, 2024 the net loss was approximately 96,000 compared to a net loss of 424,000 in the same period 2023, a
decreased loss of 328,000 or 77 . 

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 the net loss was approximately 481,000 compared to a net loss of 1,215,000 in the same period 2023,
a decreased loss of 734,000 or 60 . 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

The Company
does not have material off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. 

Contractual Obligations 

There were
no material changes to contractual obligations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

31 

Cash Flow 

Cash flow from operations are primarily dependent
on our net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and the timing of collections of receivables, level of inventory and payments to suppliers.
Cash as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, was approximately 2,000 and 37,000 respectively, a decrease of approximately 35,000. 

Summary of Cash Flows 
 For the Nine Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 (In thousands) 

Net cash used in: 

Operating Activities 
 (125 
 (574 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 (43 
 
 Financing Activities 
 90 
 584 
 
 Net decrease in cash 
 (35 
 (33 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company s working
capital deficit was approximately 3,748,000. Current assets were approximately 34,000 and current liabilities were approximately 3,782,000
and include: 

Accounts payable of approximately 45,000 due vendors and service providers and approximately 48,000 due to a related party 

Accrued expenses of approximately 970,000 in deferred wages. 

Note payable related and unrelated parties of 2,443,000 with accrued interest of approximately 277,000. 

Cash Flows used in Operating Activities 

 Cash used in operating activities in the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was approximately 125,000 and 574,000, respectively, a decrease of 449,000 compared to last
year. 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 

Cash used in investing activities in the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was 0 and 43,000, respectively. 

Cash Flows provided by Financing Activities 

Cash provided by financing activities for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was approximately 90,000 and 584,000, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023,
the Company had outstanding notes payable 2,720,000 and 2,540,000 which includes accrued interest of 277,000 and 188,000, respectively. 

Directors and Officers Insurance 

The Company currently has Directors and Officers liability insurance, and
the Company believes the coverage is adequate to cover likely liabilities under such a policy. 

Exchange Rates 

We sell all of our products in U.S. dollars
and pay for all of our manufacturing costs in U.S. dollars. 

During 2024 the average exchange rate between
the U.S. Dollar and Chinese Yuan have been relatively stable approximately RMB 7.00 to U.S. 1.00. 

The average exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar
and Thai Baht has been relatively stable at approximately Baht 35.00 to U.S. 1.00. 

Operating expenses in Hong Kong are historically
paid in either Hong Kong dollars or U.S. dollars. There were no expenses for Hong Kong operations during the first half of 2024. 

While exchange rates have been stable for several
years, we cannot assure you that the exchange rate between the United States, Hong Kong, Chinese and Thailand currencies will continue
to be stable and exchange rate fluctuations may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Country Risks: Changes in foreign, cultural,
political, and financial market conditions could impair the Company s international manufacturing operations and financial performance. 

32 

The Company s
manufacturing of consumer products was conducted in China and Thailand. Consequently, when products were being produced, the Company
was subject to a number of significant risks associated with manufacturing in overseas, including: 

The possibility of expropriation,
 confiscatory taxation, or price controls. 

Adverse changes in local
 investment or exchange control regulations. 

Political or economic instability,
 government nationalization of business or industries, government corruption, and civil unrest. 

Legal and regulatory constraints. 

Tariffs and other trade
 barriers, including trade disputes between the U.S. and China. 

Political or military conflict
 between the U.S. and China, or between U.S. and North Korea, resulting in adverse or restricted access by U.S.-based companies to
 Chinese manufacturing and markets. 

Currency: Currency fluctuations could
significantly increase our expenses during periods when we produced and sold consumer products and could affect the results of operations,
especially where the currency is subject to intense political and other outside pressures. 

Interest Rate
Risk : The Company does not have significant interest rate risk during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024. All outstanding
loans have been disclosed including the agreed interest rates. 

Credit Risk :
The Company has not experienced significant credit risk. The e-commerce business requires customer credit approval prior to shipment
and the payment is received by the Company between 5 and 20 days after shipment depending on which ordering platform is used by the consumer.
To date we have not experienced any credit risk issues, but we will closely monitor the process to assess that this trend continues. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures. 

Because the
Company is a smaller reporting company, this Form 10-Q Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Managements report was not subject to attestation by our independent
registered public accounting firm. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Based on an
evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company s principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act were effective as of September
30, 2024, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and
forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 Changes in Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting. 

There are no changes
to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, the period covered by this report,
which were identified in connection with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. 

The certifications
of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer attached as Exhibits 31 and 32 and to this Form 10-Q Report include
information concerning our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

33 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
errors and all fraud. Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of internal control are met. Further, the design of internal control must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of the control must be considered relative to their costs. While our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of their effectiveness,
because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company, have been detected. 

PART II 
OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

The Company is not
a party to any other pending or threatened legal proceedings and, to the best our knowledge, no such action by or against us has been
threatened. From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although
occasional adverse decisions or settlements may occur in such routine lawsuits, we believe that the final disposition of such routine
lawsuits will not have material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or status as a going concern. 

Other Legal Matters .
To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors, officers, or owners of record of more than five percent (5 of the securities of
the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer or security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse
to us in reference to pending litigation. 

Item 1A. Risk
Factors. 

You should carefully
consider the Risk Factors disclosed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report (as amended or
revised by the Risk Factors set forth in this Form 10-Q reflecting the worsening financial condition of the Company in 2024). You should
be aware that these risk factors and other information may not describe every risk facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. 

The Company has insufficient
revenues to support its basic operating overhead and relies on funding from a director and senior officer to pay basic operating overhead.
The Company may be unable to sustain operations through 2024 without continued financial support from the directors and senior officer
or investment or funding from a third party. There can be no assurance that the Company can obtain sufficient funding from current funding
sources or any new funding sources to sustain operations through 2024. The financial difficulties of the Company severely hamper the
pursuit of Connected Surface products and any new business lines and new products. 

While the Note
and MTA provided funding of essential working capital needs, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
if Coppermine or another source does not provide funding past March 31, 2025, of which an ongoing concern may hinder our ability to obtain
further financing. Our public auditor s report for the 2023 Annual Report stated that the Company has incurred operating losses,
has incurred negative cash flows from operations and has an accumulated deficit, and these and other factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 If funding sources
are not available or are inadequate or unwilling to fund operations beyond funding under the Note and MTA, or any new business line is
not capable of generating sustainable revenues in the future, we will be required to reduce operating costs even further from existing
reductions in operating costs, which could further jeopardize any future strategic initiatives and business plans. Furthermore, uncertainty
concerning our ability to continue as a going concern may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. Continued operations and our
ability to continue as a going concern are dependent on our ability to obtain additional funding in the near future, whether to supplement,
or provide funding after using,
the funding under the Note and MTA, and thereafter, and there are no assurances that such funding will be available to us at all or will
be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. 

There may be risks that are not presently material
or known and not discussed in this Form 10-Q or other SEC filings. The Company s status as a company with no active operations as
of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q and the doubt about the viability of the Company as a going concern creates substantial about
the ability of the Company to develop or acquire a new business line or sustain operations beyond funding under the Note and MTA. There
are also risks within the economy, the industry, and the capital markets that could materially adversely affect the Company s ability
to develop or acquire a new business, including those associated with an economic recession, inflation, a global economic slowdown, political
instability, war, government regulation (including tax regulation), employee attraction and retention and funding working capital needs
for a new business line. These factors affect businesses generally, including the Company and, as a result, are not discussed in detail,
but are applicable to the Company. As a penny stock without primary market maker support, and due to the decline in financial
performance of the Company in 2022, 2023 and continuing into 2024, an investment in our common stock involves a very high degree of risk.
If any of the following risks actually occurs or continues to impact our business, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could worsen. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. You
should read the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements on
page 18 above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements
in the context of this Form 10-Q Report. 

34 

Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

The Company
did not issue any unregistered securities in the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 3.
Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

The Company has no
information to disclose that was required to be in a report on Form 8-K during the period covered by this report but was not reported.
There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors or make
shareholder proposals. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits
are filed as part of this Report on Form 10-Q or are incorporated herein by reference. 

EXHIBIT
 # 
 
 EXHIBIT
 TITLE 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications
 of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications
 of Principal Financial Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Capstone Companies,
Inc. 

Dated:
November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Stewart Wallach 

Stewart Wallach 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/Dana
 Eschenburg Perez 

Dana Eschenburg Perez 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Principal Financial 
 Executive and Accounting Officer 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

Section 302 Certifications 

I, Stewart Wallach,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capstone Companies, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended on September 30, 2024. 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report. 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The small
business issuer s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 
 
 d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
 an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small
business issuer s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14,
2024 

/s/
 Stewart Wallach 

Stewart Wallach 

CEO, Director, (Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

Section 302 Certifications 

I, Dana E. Perez,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capstone Companies, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended on September 30, 2024. 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report. 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The small
business issuer s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
 an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small
business issuer s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Dana E. Perez 

Dana E. Perez 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Executive and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Capstone Companies, Inc. Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Stewart Wallach, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify
that: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
signed this statement on this 14 th day of September, 2024. 

/s/
 Stewart Wallach 

Stewart Wallach 

CEO, Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original
of this written statement will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Capstone Companies, Inc. Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30,
2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dana E. Perez, Interim Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
hereby certify that: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
signed this statement on this 14th day of September, 2024. 

/s/
 Dana E. Perez 

Dana E. Perez 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Executive and
 Accounting Officer) 

A signed original
of this written statement will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 capc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 capc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 capc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 capc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

