<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241009_10-Q_edgar_data_916789_0000916789-24-000037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8221311</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137772</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1413014</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3209011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1768194</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1510402</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000916789-24-000037.hdr.sgml : 20241009
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241009070035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000916789-24-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241009

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HELEN OF TROY LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000916789
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC HOUSEWARES & FANS [3634]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				742692550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14669
		FILM NUMBER:		241361475

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CLARENDON HOUSE
		STREET 2:		2 CHURCH STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 11
		BUSINESS PHONE:		915-225-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE HELEN OF TROY PLAZA
		CITY:			EL PASO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79912

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000916789-24-000037.txt : 20241009

10-Q
 1
 hele-20240831.htm
 10-Q

hele-20240831 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Mark One 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __ to __ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 , 
 (Registrant's United States Mailing Address) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 As of October 3, 2024, there were common shares, 0.10 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Related Information 
 7 
 Note 2 - New Accounting Pronouncements 
 8 
 Note 3 - Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 8 
 Note 4 - Share-Based Compensation Plans 
 9 
 Note 5 - Repurchases of Common Stock 
 9 
 Note 6 - Restructuring Plan 
 10 
 Note 7 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 12 
 Note 8 - Long-Term Debt 
 13 
 Note 9 - Fair Value 
 14 
 Note 10 - Financial Instruments and Risk Management 
 16 
 Note 11 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss 
 19 
 Note 12 - Segment and Geographic Information 
 19 
 Note 13 - Income Taxes 
 20 
 Note 14 - Earnings Per Share 
 21 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 47 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 49 
 SIGNATURES 
 50 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except shares and par value) August 31, 2024 February 29, 2024 Assets Assets, current: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowances of and 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income taxes receivable Total assets, current Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Goodwill Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 Operating lease assets Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Liabilities, current: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income taxes payable Long-term debt, current maturities Total liabilities, current Long-term debt, excluding current maturities Lease liabilities, non-current Deferred tax liabilities, net Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par. Authorized shares; issued 
 Common stock, par. Authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, Six Months Ended August 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales revenue, net Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense SG A 
 Restructuring charges Operating income Non-operating income, net Interest expense Income before income tax Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share EPS ): 
 Basic Diluted Weighted average shares used in computing EPS: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, Six Months Ended August 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: 
 Cash flow hedge activity - interest rate swaps ) ) ) Cash flow hedge activity - foreign currency contracts ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity (in thousands, including shares) Shares Par Value Balances at February 28, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance and settlement of restricted stock ) Issuance of common stock related to stock purchase plan Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balances at May 31, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance and settlement of restricted stock Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balances at August 31, 2023 
 
 Balances at February 29, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Exercise of stock options Issuance and settlement of restricted stock ) Issuance of common stock related to stock purchase plan Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balances at May 31, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance and settlement of restricted stock Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balances at August 31, 2024 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Six Months Ended August 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash provided by operating activities: 
 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Amortization of financing costs Non-cash operating lease expense Provision for credit losses Non-cash share-based compensation Gain on the sale or disposal of property and equipment ) ) Deferred income taxes and tax credits Changes in operating capital: 
 Receivables ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Accrued income taxes ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash used by investing activities: 
 Capital and intangible asset expenditures ) ) Payments for purchases of U.S. Treasury Bills 
 ) Proceeds from maturity of U.S. Treasury Bills 
 Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Net cash used by investing activities ) ) Cash used by financing activities: 
 Proceeds from revolving loans Repayment of revolving loans ) ) Repayment of long-term debt 
 ) ) Payment of financing costs ) Proceeds from share issuances under share-based compensation plans Payments for repurchases of common stock ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance Cash and cash equivalents, ending balance Supplemental non-cash investing activity: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 August 31, 2024 

per share, as common stock. References to fiscal in connection with a numeric year number denotes our fiscal year ending on the last day of February, during the year number listed. References to the FASB refer to the Financial Accounting Standards Board. References to GAAP refer to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (the U.S. ). References to ASU refer to the codification of GAAP in the Accounting Standards Updates issued by the FASB. References to ASC refer to the codification of GAAP in the Accounting Standards Codification issued by the FASB. 
 
 We incorporated as Helen of Troy Corporation in Texas in 1968 and were reorganized as Helen of Troy Limited in Bermuda in 1994. We are a leading global consumer products company offering creative products and solutions for our customers through a diversified portfolio of brands. Our portfolio of brands include OXO, Hydro Flask, Osprey, Vicks, Braun, Honeywell, PUR, Hot Tools, Drybar, Curlsmith and Revlon, among others. As of August 31, 2024, we operated reportable segments: Home Outdoor and Beauty Wellness. 
 
 Our Home Outdoor segment offers a broad range of outstanding world-class brands that help consumers enjoy everyday living inside their homes and outdoors. Our innovative products for home activities include food preparation and storage, cooking, cleaning, organization, and beverage service. Our outdoor performance range, on-the-go food storage, and beverageware includes lifestyle hydration products, coolers and food storage solutions, backpacks, and travel gear. The Beauty Wellness segment provides consumers with a broad range of outstanding world-class brands for beauty and wellness. In Beauty, we deliver innovation through products such as hair styling appliances, grooming tools, and liquid and aerosol personal care products that help consumers look and feel more beautiful. In Wellness, we are there when you need us most with highly regarded humidifiers, thermometers, water and air purifiers, heaters, and fans. 
 
 Our business is seasonal due to different calendar events, holidays and seasonal weather and illness patterns. Our fiscal reporting period ends on the last day in February. Historically, our highest sales volume and operating income occur in our third fiscal quarter ending November 30th. We purchase our products from unaffiliated manufacturers, most of which are located in China, Mexico, Vietnam and the U.S. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

impairment charges were recorded. For additional information, refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Item 2., Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Accrued sales discounts and allowances Accrued sales returns Accrued advertising Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 service condition awards Service Condition Awards with a weighted average grant date fair value of . Additionally, we granted performance-based awards during the first quarter of fiscal 2025, of which contained performance conditions Performance Condition Awards and contained market conditions Market Condition Awards ), with weighted average grant date fair values of and , respectively. Refer to our Form 10-K for further information on the Company's share-based compensation plans. 
 
 Service Condition Awards Performance Condition Awards Market Condition Awards Employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation expense Less: income tax benefits 
 ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense, net of income tax benefits 
 
 Unrecognized Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, our total unrecognized share-based compensation for all awards was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average amortization period of years. The total unrecognized share-based compensation reflects an estimate of target achievement for Performance Condition Awards granted during fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 and an estimate of percent of target achievement for Performance Condition Awards granted during fiscal 2023. 

million of our outstanding common stock. The authorization became effective August 20, 2024, for a period of , and replaced our former repurchase authorization, of which approximately million remained. As of August 31, 2024, substantially all of our new repurchase authorization of million remained available. 
 
 Our current equity-based compensation plans include provisions that allow for the net exercise of share-settled awards by all plan participants. In a net exercise, any required payroll taxes, federal withholding taxes and exercise price of the shares due from the option or other share-based award holders are settled by having the holder tender back to us a number of shares at fair value equal to the amounts due. Net exercises are treated as purchases and retirements of shares. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Aggregate value of shares Average price per share Common stock received in connection with share-based compensation: Number of shares Aggregate value of shares Average price per share 

. We believe that these changes better focus business segment resources on brand development, consumer-centric innovation and marketing, the RMOs on sales and go to market strategies, and shared services on their respective areas of expertise while also creating a more efficient and effective organizational structure. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we announced plans to geographically consolidate the U.S. Beauty business, currently located in El Paso, Texas, and Irvine, California, and co-locate it with our Wellness business in the Boston, Massachusetts area. This geographic consolidation and relocation is the next step in our initiative to streamline and simplify the organization and is expected to be completed during fiscal 2025. We expect these changes will enable a greater opportunity to capture synergies and enhance collaboration and innovation within the Beauty Wellness segment. 
 
 As previously disclosed, we continue to have the following expectations regarding Project Pegasus charges: 
 Total one-time pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately million to million over the duration of the plan, expected to be completed during fiscal 2025. 
 Pre-tax restructuring charges to be comprised of approximately million to million of severance and employee related costs, million of professional fees, million to million of contract termination costs, and million of other exit and disposal costs. 
 All of our operating segments and shared services will be impacted by the plan and pre-tax restructuring charges include approximately million to million in Home Outdoor and million to million in Beauty Wellness. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million to million, which began in fiscal 2024 and we expect to be substantially achieved by the end of fiscal 2027. 
 Estimated cadence of the recognition of the savings will be approximately in fiscal 2024, which was achieved, approximately in fiscal 2025, approximately in fiscal 2026 and approximately in fiscal 2027. 
 Total profit improvements to be realized approximately through reduced cost of goods sold and through lower SG A. 
 
 During the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we incurred million and million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring costs in connection with Project Pegasus, which were recorded as Restructuring charges in the condensed consolidated statements of income. We recognized million and million of pre-tax restructuring costs during the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2023, respectively, in connection with Project Pegasus. 
 
 Professional fees Contract termination Other Total restructuring charges 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness Total Severance and employee related costs Professional fees Contract termination Other Total restructuring charges 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 Total Incurred Since Inception (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness Total Severance and employee related costs Professional fees Contract termination Other Total restructuring charges 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Professional fees Contract termination Other Total restructuring charges 
 
 ) Professional fees ) Contract termination Other ) Total ) 
 
 (in thousands) Balance at February 28, 2023 Charges Payments Balance at August 31, 2023 Severance and employee related costs ) Professional fees ) Contract termination ) Other ) Total ) 

other unrelated companies that sell water filtration systems (the ITC Action ). The complaint in the ITC Action also alleged patent infringement by the Company with respect to a limited set of PUR gravity-fed water filtration systems. In the ITC Action, Brita LP requested the ITC to initiate an unfair import investigation relating to such filtration systems. This action sought injunctive relief to prevent entry of certain accused PUR products (and certain other products) into the U.S. and cessation of marketing and sales of existing inventory that is already in the U.S. On January 25, 2022, the ITC instituted the investigation requested by the ITC Action. Discovery closed in the ITC Action in May 2022, and approximately half of the originally identified PUR gravity-fed water filters were removed from the case and are no longer included in the ITC Action. In August 2022, the parties participated in the evidentiary hearing, with additional supplemental hearings in October 2022. On February 28, 2023, the ITC issued an Initial Determination in the ITC Action, tentatively ruling against the Company and the other unrelated respondents. The ITC has a guaranteed review process, and thus 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Term loans Total borrowings under Credit Agreement Unamortized prepaid financing fees ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, excluding current maturities 
 (1) The weighted average interest rates on borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement (defined below) inclusive of the impact of our interest rate swaps as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024 were and , respectively. 
 
 Capitalized Interest 
 
 During the three month periods ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, we incurred interest costs totaling million and million, respectively, of which was capitalized. During the six month period ended August 31, 2024, we incurred interest costs totaling million, of which was capitalized, compared to million for the same period last year, of which we capitalized million as part of property and equipment in connection with the construction of a new distribution facility. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 billion, which are available through (i) a billion revolving credit facility, which includes a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit, (ii) a million term loan facility, and (iii) a committed million delayed draw term loan facility, which may be borrowed in multiple drawdowns until August 15, 2025. Proceeds can be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including funding permitted acquisitions. At the closing date, February 15, 2024, we borrowed million under the revolving credit facility and million under the term loan facility and utilized the proceeds to repay all debt outstanding under our prior credit agreement. The Credit Agreement matures on February 15, 2029. The Credit Agreement includes an accordion feature, which permits the Company to request to increase its borrowing capacity by an additional million plus an unlimited amount when the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) on a pro-forma basis is less than to 1.00. The term loans are payable at the end of each fiscal quarter in equal installments of through February 28, 2025, through February 28, 2026, and thereafter of the original principal balance of the term loans, which began in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, with the remaining balance due at the maturity date. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear floating interest at either the Base Rate or Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus a margin based on the Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of to and to for Base Rate and Term SOFR borrowings, respectively. 
 
 The floating interest rates on our borrowings under the Credit Agreement are hedged with interest rate swaps to effectively fix interest rates on million and million of the outstanding principal balance under the revolving loans as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, respectively. See Notes 9, 10, and 11 for additional information regarding our interest rate swaps. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, the balance of outstanding letters of credit was million and the amount available for revolving loans under the Credit Agreement was million. Covenants in the Credit Agreement limit the amount of total indebtedness we can incur. As of August 31, 2024, these covenants effectively limited our ability to incur more than million of additional debt from all sources, including the Credit Agreement, or million in the event a qualified acquisition is consummated. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants as defined under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury Bills 
 Interest rate swaps Foreign currency derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Foreign currency derivatives Total liabilities 
 
 All of our financial assets and liabilities, except for our investments in U.S. Treasury Bills, are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Our investments in U.S. Treasury Bills are recorded at amortized cost. As of both August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the current carrying amounts of our U.S. Treasury Bills were million and were included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the non-current carrying amounts of our U.S. Treasury Bills were million and million, respectively, and were included within Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The carrying amounts of cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and income taxes payable approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these items. The carrying amounts of receivables approximate fair value due to the effect of the related allowance for credit losses. The carrying amount of our floating rate long-term debt approximates its fair value. 
 
 Our investments in U.S. Treasury Bills are classified as held-to-maturity because we have the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. We invest in U.S. Treasury Bills with maturities ranging from less than one to . Gross unrealized gains were million, and there were no gross unrealized losses as of August 31, 2024. Gross unrealized gains and losses were t material as of February 29, 2024. During both the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we recognized interest income on these investments of million, which is included in Non-operating income, net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 We use foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, respectively. All of our derivative assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value. See Notes 10 and 11 for more information on our derivatives. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 of our net sales revenue was denominated in foreign currencies during both the three month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, and of our net sales revenue was denominated in foreign currencies during both the six month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. These sales were primarily denominated in Euros, British Pounds and Canadian Dollars. We make most of our inventory purchases from manufacturers in Asia and primarily use the U.S. Dollar for such purchases. 
 
 In our condensed consolidated statements of income, foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of foreign income tax receivables and payables, and deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income tax expense, and all other foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses are recognized in SG A. During the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we recorded foreign currency exchange rate net losses of million and million, respectively, in income tax expense, compared to net gains of million and million for the same periods last year, respectively. During both the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we recorded foreign currency exchange rate net gains of million in SG A, compared to net losses of million and million for the same periods last year, respectively. We mitigate certain foreign currency exchange rate risk by using forward contracts to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in our transactions denominated in foreign currencies. We do not enter into any derivatives or similar instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. Certain of our forward contracts are designated as cash flow hedges foreign currency contracts and are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) OCI until the hedge transaction is settled, at which point amounts are reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AOCI to our condensed consolidated statements of income. Foreign currency derivatives for which we have not elected hedge accounting consist of certain forward contracts, and any changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in our condensed consolidated statements of income. These undesignated derivatives are used to hedge monetary net asset and liability positions. Cash flows from our foreign currency derivatives are classified as cash flows from operating activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, which is consistent with the classification of the cash flows from the underlying hedged item. We evaluate our derivatives designated as cash flow hedges each quarter to assess hedge effectiveness. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest on our outstanding debt as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024 is based on floating interest rates. If short-term interest rates increase, we will incur higher interest expense on any future outstanding balances of floating rate debt. Floating interest rates are hedged with interest rate swaps to effectively fix interest rates on a portion of our outstanding principal balance under the Credit Agreement, which totaled million and million as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, respectively. As of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, million and million of the outstanding principal balance under the Credit Agreement, respectively, was hedged with interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate we pay. Our interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges and are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in OCI until the hedge transaction is settled, at which point amounts are reclassified from AOCI to our condensed consolidated statements of income. Cash flows from our interest rate swaps are classified as cash flows from 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Forward contracts - sell Canadian Dollars Cash flow 2/2025 Forward contracts - sell Pounds Cash flow 2/2026 Forward contracts - sell Norwegian Kroner Cash flow 8/2025 kr Interest rate swaps Cash flow 2/2026 Subtotal Derivatives not designated under hedge accounting Forward contracts - buy Euro 
 (1) 9/2024 Forward contracts - buy Pounds 
 (1) 9/2024 Subtotal Total fair value 
 
 (in thousands) February 29, 2024 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Hedge Type Final Settlement Date Notional Amount Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Other Assets Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities Non- Current Forward contracts - sell Euro Cash flow 2/2025 Forward contracts - sell Canadian Dollars Cash flow 2/2025 Forward contracts - sell Pounds Cash flow 2/2025 Forward contracts - sell Norwegian Kroner Cash flow 8/2024 kr Interest rate swaps Cash flow 2/2026 Subtotal Derivatives not designated under hedge accounting Forward contracts - sell Euro 
 (1) 3/2024 Forward contracts - sell Pounds 
 (1) 3/2024 Subtotal Total fair value 

17 

Table of Contents ) Sales revenue, net ) ) Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedges ) Interest expense Total ) 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (in thousands) 2024 2023 Location 2024 2023 Foreign currency contracts - cash flow hedges ) ) Sales revenue, net ) ) Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedges ) Interest expense Total ) 
 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 We expect a net loss of million associated with foreign currency contracts and interest rate swaps currently recorded in AOCI to be reclassified into income over the next . The amount ultimately realized, however, will differ as exchange rates and interest rates change and the underlying contracts settle. See Notes 9 and 11 for more information. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 Financial instruments, including foreign currency contracts, forward contracts, and interest rate swaps, expose us to counterparty credit risk for non-performance. We manage our exposure to counterparty credit risk by only dealing with counterparties who are substantial international financial institutions with significant experience using such derivative instruments. We believe that the risk of incurring credit losses is remote. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification 
 ) Amounts reclassified out of AOCI ) ) Tax effects Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) Balance at August 31, 2023 ) Balance at February 29, 2024 Other comprehensive loss before reclassification 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified out of AOCI ) ) Tax effects Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) Balance at August 31, 2024 ) ) ) 
 See Notes 9 and 10 for additional information regarding our cash flow hedges. 

Restructuring charges Operating income Capital and intangible asset expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness Total Sales revenue, net Restructuring charges Operating income Capital and intangible asset expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness Total Sales revenue, net Restructuring charges Operating income Capital and intangible asset expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring charges Operating income Capital and intangible asset expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 
 The following table presents net sales revenue by geographic region, in U.S. Dollars: 
 Three Months Ended August 31, Six Months Ended August 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Domestic sales revenue, net (1) 
 International sales revenue, net Total sales revenue, net 

million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Additionally, Barbados enacted a domestic minimum top-up tax DMTT of 15 which applies to Barbados businesses that are part of multinational enterprise groups with annual revenue of 750 million or more and is effective beginning with our fiscal year 2026. We will continue to monitor and evaluate impacts as further regulatory guidance becomes available. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 compared to for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the Barbados tax legislation enacted during the first quarter of fiscal 2025, which resulted in an increase in our income tax expense due to the change to our estimated annual effective tax rate arising from the legislation, shifts in the mix of income in our various tax jurisdictions, and an increase in tax expense for discrete items. For the six months ended August 31, 2024, income tax expense as a percentage of income before income tax was compared to for the same period last year primarily due to the Barbados tax legislation described above, including a discrete tax charge of million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 to revalue deferred tax liabilities. 

Incremental shares from share-based compensation arrangements Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Anti-dilutive securities 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1., Financial Statements. The various sections of this MD A contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations. Actual results may differ materially due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements following this MD A, and in Part I, Item 3., Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in this report, as well as in Part I, Item IA., Risk Factors in the Company s most recent annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 Form 10-K and its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). When used in this MD A, unless otherwise indicated or the context suggests otherwise, references to the Company , our Company , Helen of Troy , we , us , or our refer to Helen of Troy Limited and its subsidiaries. References to fiscal in connection with a numeric year number denotes our fiscal year ending on the last day of February, during the year number listed. 
 
 This MD A, including the tables under the headings Operating Income, Operating Margin, Adjusted Operating Income (non-GAAP), and Adjusted Operating Margin (non-GAAP) by Segment and Net Income, Diluted EPS, Adjusted Income (non-GAAP), and Adjusted Diluted EPS (non-GAAP), reports operating income, operating margin, net income and diluted earnings per share EPS without the impact of a discrete tax charge to revalue existing deferred tax liabilities due to Barbados enacting domestic corporate income tax legislation Barbados tax reform ), a charge for uncollectible receivables due to the bankruptcy of Bed, Bath Beyond Bed, Bath Beyond bankruptcy ), restructuring charges, amortization of intangible assets, and non-cash share-based compensation for the periods presented, as applicable. These measures may be considered non-GAAP financial measures as defined by SEC Regulation G, Rule 100. The tables reconcile these measures to their corresponding GAAP-based financial measures presented in our condensed consolidated statements of income. We believe that adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted income, and adjusted diluted EPS provide useful information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures, in combination with our financial results calculated in accordance with GAAP, provide investors with additional perspective regarding the impact of such charges and benefits on applicable income, margin and earnings per share measures. We also believe that these non-GAAP measures facilitate a more direct comparison of our performance to our competitors. We further believe that including the excluded charges and benefits would not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our operations for the period in which the charges and benefits were incurred and reflected in our GAAP financial results. The material limitation associated with the use of the non-GAAP financial measures is that the non-GAAP measures do not reflect the full economic impact of our activities. Our adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted income, and adjusted diluted EPS are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, are not an alternative to GAAP financial measures and may be calculated differently than non-GAAP financial measures disclosed by other companies. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are discussed further and reconciled to their applicable GAAP-based financial measures contained in this MD A beginning on page 35. 
 
 There were no material changes to the key financial measures discussed in our Form 10-K. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 
 We incorporated as Helen of Troy Corporation in Texas in 1968 and were reorganized as Helen of Troy Limited in Bermuda in 1994. We are a leading global consumer products company offering creative products and solutions for our customers through a diversified portfolio of brands. Our portfolio of brands includes OXO, Hydro Flask, Osprey, Vicks, Braun, Honeywell, PUR, Hot Tools, Drybar, Curlsmith and Revlon, among others. We have built leading market positions through new product innovation, product quality and competitive pricing. As of August 31, 2024, we operated two reportable segments: Home Outdoor and Beauty Wellness. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we initiated a global restructuring plan intended to expand operating margins through initiatives designed to improve efficiency and effectiveness and reduce costs (referred to as Project Pegasus ). Project Pegasus includes initiatives to further optimize our brand portfolio, streamline and simplify the organization, accelerate and amplify cost of goods savings projects, enhance the efficiency of our supply chain network, optimize our indirect spending and improve our cash flow and working capital, as well as other activities. We anticipate these initiatives will create operating efficiencies, as well as provide a platform to fund future growth investments. During the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we incurred 1.5 million and 3.4 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring costs in connection with Project Pegasus, which were recorded as Restructuring charges in the condensed consolidated statements of income. We recognized 3.6 million and 11.0 million of pre-tax restructuring costs during the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2023, respectively, in connection with Project Pegasus. See further discussion below within Significant Trends Impacting the Business under Project Pegasus and Note 6 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Fiscal 2024 concluded Phase II of our transformation strategy, which produced net sales growth and gross profit margin expansion. We expanded our portfolio of leading brands and international footprint with the acquisitions of Drybar, Osprey and Curlsmith. We completed the divestiture of our personal care business and extended our Revlon trademark license for a period of up to 100 years. We strategically and effectively deployed capital to construct our new distribution facility in Gallaway, Tennessee, repurchased shares of our common stock, and repaid amounts outstanding under our long-term debt agreement. We began publishing an annual environmental, social and governance ESG Report, which summarizes our ESG strategy and performance, providing further transparency into our ESG efforts. During Phase II, we also initiated Project Pegasus, which included the creation of a North America Regional Market Organization RMO responsible for sales and go-to-market strategies for all categories and channels in the United States of America U.S. and Canada, and further centralization of certain functions under shared services, particularly in operations and finance to better support our business segments and RMOs. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 begins our Elevate for Growth Strategy, which provides our strategic roadmap through fiscal 2030. The long-term objectives of Elevate for Growth include continued organic sales growth, further margin expansion, and accretive capital deployment through strategic acquisitions, share repurchases and capital structure management. The Elevate for Growth Strategy includes an enhanced portfolio management strategy to invest in our brands and grow internationally based upon defined criteria with an emphasis on brand building, new product introductions and expanded distribution. We are continuing to execute our initiatives under Project Pegasus, which we expect to generate incremental fuel to invest in our brand portfolio and new capabilities. We intend to further leverage our operational scale and assets, including our new state-of-the-art distribution center, improved go-to-market structure with our North America RMO, and our expanded shared services capabilities. We also plan to complete the geographic consolidation of our Beauty Wellness businesses, create a centralized marketing organization that embraces next-level data analytics and consumer insight capabilities, and further integrate our supply chain and finance functions within our shared services. Additionally, we are committed to fostering a 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 winning culture and continuing our sustainability and inclusion efforts to support our Elevate for Growth Strategy. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we performed quantitative impairment testing on our goodwill and certain intangible assets and determined none were impaired. Accordingly, no impairment charges were recorded. For additional information and sensitivity analysis, refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in this Item 2., Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Significant Trends Impacting the Business 
 
 Project Pegasus 
 During fiscal 2023, we initiated Project Pegasus, a global restructuring plan intended to expand operating margins through initiatives designed to improve efficiency and effectiveness and reduce costs. Project Pegasus includes initiatives to further optimize our brand portfolio, streamline and simplify the organization, accelerate and amplify cost of goods savings projects, enhance the efficiency of our supply chain network, optimize our indirect spending and improve our cash flow and working capital, as well as other activities. We anticipate these initiatives will create operating efficiencies, as well as provide a platform to fund future growth investments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we made changes to the structure of our organization. These changes resulted in our previous Health Wellness and Beauty operating segments being combined into a single reportable segment, the creation of a North America Regional Market Organization RMO responsible for sales and go-to-market strategies for all categories and channels in the U.S. and Canada, and further centralization of certain functions under shared services, particularly in operations and finance to better support our business segments and RMOs. This new structure reduced the size of our global workforce by approximately 10 . We believe that these changes better focus business segment resources on brand development, consumer-centric innovation and marketing, the RMOs on sales and go to market strategies, and shared services on their respective areas of expertise while also creating a more efficient and effective organizational structure. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we announced plans to geographically consolidate the U.S. Beauty business, currently located in El Paso, Texas, and Irvine, California, and co-locate it with our Wellness business in the Boston, Massachusetts area. This geographic consolidation and relocation is the next step in our initiative to streamline and simplify the organization and is expected to be completed during fiscal 2025. We expect these changes will enable a greater opportunity to capture synergies and enhance collaboration and innovation within the Beauty Wellness segment. 
 
 As previously disclosed, we continue to have the following expectations regarding Project Pegasus charges: 
 Total one-time pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately 50 million to 55 million over the duration of the plan, expected to be completed during fiscal 2025. 
 Pre-tax restructuring charges to be comprised of approximately 15 million to 19 million of severance and employee related costs, 28 million of professional fees, 3 million to 4 million of contract termination costs, and 4 million of other exit and disposal costs. 
 All of our operating segments and shared services will be impacted by the plan and pre-tax restructuring charges include approximately 16 million to 17 million in Home Outdoor and 34 million to 38 million in Beauty Wellness. 
 Pre-tax restructuring charges represent primarily cash expenditures, which are expected to be substantially paid by the end of fiscal 2025. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We also continue to have the following expectations regarding Project Pegasus savings: 
 Targeted annualized pre-tax operating profit improvements of approximately 75 million to 85 million, which began in fiscal 2024 and we expect to be substantially achieved by the end of fiscal 2027. 
 Estimated cadence of the recognition of the savings will be approximately 25 in fiscal 2024, which was achieved, approximately 35 in fiscal 2025, approximately 25 in fiscal 2026 and approximately 15 in fiscal 2027. 
 Total profit improvements to be realized approximately 60 through reduced cost of goods sold and 40 through lower SG A. 
 
 In addition, we implemented plans to reduce inventory levels, increase inventory turns, and improve cash flow and working capital during fiscal 2023. Improvements related to these initiatives began in the second half of fiscal 2023, and continued during fiscal 2024, enabling us to repay amounts outstanding under our long-term debt agreement and reduce our interest expense during fiscal 2024. During the first and second quarters of fiscal 2024, our gross margin and operating margins were favorably impacted by our SKU rationalization efforts in Beauty Wellness. In addition, during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2025, our gross margin and operating margins were favorably impacted by lower commodity and product costs driven by our cost of goods savings projects. Expectations regarding our Project Pegasus initiatives and our ability to realize targeted savings, including expectations concerning costs and savings, are based on management s estimates available at the time and are subject to a number of assumptions that could materially impact our estimates. 
 
 During the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we incurred 1.5 million and 3.4 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring costs in connection with Project Pegasus, which were recorded as Restructuring charges in the condensed consolidated statements of income. We recognized 3.6 million and 11.0 million of pre-tax restructuring costs during the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2023, respectively, in connection with Project Pegasus. We made total cash restructuring payments of 5.6 million and 15.2 million during the six month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had a remaining liability of 2.5 million as of August 31, 2024. See Note 6 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Water Filtration Patent Litigation 
 On December 23, 2021, Brita LP filed a complaint against Kaz USA, Inc. and Helen of Troy Limited in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas (the Patent Litigation ), alleging patent infringement by the Company relating to its PUR gravity-fed water filtration systems. Brita LP simultaneously filed a complaint with the United States International Trade Commission ITC against Kaz USA, Inc., Helen of Troy Limited and five other unrelated companies that sell water filtration systems (the ITC Action ). The complaint in the ITC Action also alleged patent infringement by the Company with respect to a limited set of PUR gravity-fed water filtration systems. This action sought injunctive relief to prevent entry of certain accused PUR products (and certain other products) into the U.S. and cessation of marketing and sales of existing inventory that is already in the U.S. On February 28, 2023, the ITC issued an Initial Determination in the ITC Action, tentatively ruling against the Company and the other unrelated respondents. The ITC has a guaranteed review process, and thus all respondents, including the Company, filed a petition with the ITC for a full review of the Initial Determination. On September 19, 2023, the ITC issued its Final Determination in the Company s favor. The ITC determined there was no violation by the Company and terminated the investigation. Brita LP is appealing the ITC's decision to the Federal Circuit CAFC Appeal and filed its Notice of Appeal on October 24, 2023. The Company intervened in the CAFC Appeal, but as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q, no hearings have been scheduled. The Patent Litigation remains stayed for the time being. We cannot predict the outcome of these legal proceedings, the amount or range of any potential loss, when the proceedings will be resolved, or customer acceptance of any replacement water filter. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the resolution or disposition of these proceedings could, if adversely determined, have a material and 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. For additional information regarding the Patent Litigation and the ITC Action, see Note 7 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Impact of Macroeconomic Trends 
 The Federal Open Market Committee increased the benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points and 25 basis points during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2024, respectively. As a result, we incurred higher average interest rates during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2025 compared to the same periods last year. The Federal Open Market Committee lowered the benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points subsequent to the second quarter of fiscal 2025. While the actual timing and extent of additional future changes in interest rates remains unknown, lower average interest rates would reduce interest expense on our outstanding variable rate debt. The financial markets, the global economy and global supply chain may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflicts or other geopolitical events. High inflation and interest rates have also negatively impacted consumer disposable income, credit availability and spending, among others, which have adversely impacted our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations during fiscal 2024 and the first and second quarters of fiscal 2025 and may continue to have an adverse impact during the remainder of fiscal 2025. See further discussion below under Consumer Spending and Changes in Shopping Preferences. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to pressure from inflation and consumer confidence, any of which may adversely impact our results. 
 
 Consumer Spending and Changes in Shopping Preference s 
 Our business depends upon discretionary consumer demand for most of our products and primarily operates within mature and highly developed consumer markets. The principal driver of our operating performance is the strength of the U.S. retail economy. Approximately 73 and 74 of our consolidated net sales revenue was from U.S. shipments during the three month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the six month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, U.S. shipments were approximately 70 and 73 of our consolidated net sales revenue, respectively. 
 
 Among other things, high levels of inflation and interest rates may negatively impact consumer disposable income, credit availability and spending. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including the products that we offer, generally decline during recessionary periods or periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Dynamic changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns are also having an impact on retailer inventory levels. Our ability to sell to retailers is predicated on their ability to sell to the end consumer. During fiscal 2024, we experienced some improvement in replenishment orders from certain retail customers in certain product categories relative to fiscal 2023. However, during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2025, we experienced reduced replenishment orders from retail customers in line with softer consumer demand and discretionary spending, which adversely impacted our sales, results of operations and cash flows. If orders from our retail customers continue to be adversely impacted, our sales, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflation and changes in consumer spending patterns. Accordingly, our liquidity and financial results could be impacted in ways that we are not able to predict today. 
 
 Our concentration of sales reflects the continued evolution of consumer shopping preferences. Our net sales to pure-play online retailers and retail customers fulfilling end-consumer online orders, as well as our own online sales directly to consumers (collectively online channel net sales comprised approximately 29 and 27 of our total consolidated net sales revenue for the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, respectively. Our online channel net sales grew approximately 1 for the three month period ended August 31, 2024 and declined approximately 6 for the six month period ended August 31, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year. For the three and six month 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 periods ended August 31, 2023, our online channel net sales comprised approximately 27 and 26 of our total consolidated net sales revenue, respectively, and grew approximately 17 and 12 , respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year. 
 
 With the continued importance of online sales in the retail landscape, many brick and mortar retailers are aggressively looking for ways to improve their customer delivery capabilities to be able to meet customer expectations. As a result, it has become increasingly important for us to leverage our distribution capabilities in order to meet the changing demands of our customers, including increasing our online capabilities to support our direct-to-consumer sales channels and online channel sales by our retail customers. To meet these needs, we completed the construction of an additional distribution facility in Gallaway, Tennessee that became partially operational during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we experienced automation system startup issues at the facility which impacted some of our Home Outdoor segment's small retail customer and direct-to-consumer orders. As a result, our sales during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 were adversely impacted due to shipping disruptions, and we incurred additional costs and lost efficiency during both the first and second quarters of fiscal 2025 as we worked to remediate the issues. During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, the remediation efforts for the automation system were substantially completed, and we believe the impact on sales was minimal during the quarter. 
 
 Additionally, we have invested in a centralized cloud-based e-commerce platform, which some of our brands are currently utilizing. The centralized cloud-based e-commerce platform will enable us to leverage a common system and rapidly deploy new capabilities across all of our brands, as well as more easily integrate new brands. We believe this platform enhances the customer experience by strengthening the digital presentation and product browsing capabilities and improving the checkout process, order delivery and post-order customer care. 
 
 EPA Compliance Costs 
 During fiscal 2022 and 2023, we were in discussions with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA regarding the compliance of packaging claims on certain of our products in the air and water filtration categories and a limited subset of humidifier products within the Beauty Wellness segment that are sold in the U.S. The EPA did not raise any product quality, safety or performance issues. As a result of these packaging compliance discussions, we voluntarily implemented a temporary stop shipment action on the impacted products as we worked with the EPA towards an expedient resolution. We resumed normalized levels of shipping of the affected inventory during fiscal 2022 and we completed the repackaging and relabeling of our existing inventory of impacted products during fiscal 2023. Additionally, as a result of continuing dialogue with the EPA, we executed further repackaging and relabeling plans on certain additional humidifier products and certain additional air filtration products, which were also completed during fiscal 2023. Ongoing settlement discussions with the EPA related to this matter may result in the imposition of fines or penalties in the future. Such potential fines or penalties cannot be estimated. See Note 7 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
 Due to the nature of our operations, we have exposure to the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates from transactions that are denominated in a currency other than our functional currency (the U.S. Dollar). Such transactions include sales and operating expenses. The most significant currencies affecting our operating results are the Euro, British Pound and Canadian Dollar. 
 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2024, changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on consolidated U.S. Dollar reported net sales revenue of approximately 0.5 million, or 0.1 , compared to a favorable year-over-year impact of 1.4 million, or 0.3 , for the same period last year. For the six months ended August 31, 2024, changes in foreign 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 currency exchange rates had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on consolidated U.S. Dollar reported net sales revenue of approximatel y 0.2 million, o r less than 0.1 , c ompared to a favorable year-over-year impact of 0.9 million, or 0.1 for the same period last year. 
 
 Variability of the Cough/Cold/Flu Season 
 Sales in several of our Beauty Wellness segment categories are highly correlated to the severity of winter weather and cough/cold/flu incidence. In the U.S., the cough/cold/flu season historically runs from November through March, with peak activity normally in January to March. The 2023-2024 cough/cold/flu season was below historical averages seen prior to the impact of COVID-19. The 2022-2023 cough/cold/flu season was above historical averages, primarily early in the season, as respiratory infections surged in both children and adults and COVID-19 continued to be prevalent. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following tables provide selected operating data, in U.S. Dollars, as a percentage of net sales revenue, and as a year-over-year percentage change. 
 Three Months Ended August 31, of Sales Revenue, net (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Sales revenue by segment, net Home Outdoor 241,944 239,977 1,967 0.8 51.0 48.8 Beauty Wellness 232,277 251,586 (19,309) (7.7) 49.0 51.2 Total sales revenue, net 474,221 491,563 (17,342) (3.5) 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 258,151 261,910 (3,759) (1.4) 54.4 53.3 Gross profit 216,070 229,653 (13,583) (5.9) 45.6 46.7 SG A 
 179,692 179,191 501 0.3 37.9 36.5 Restructuring charges 1,526 3,617 (2,091) (57.8) 0.3 0.7 Operating income 34,852 46,845 (11,993) (25.6) 7.3 9.5 Non-operating income, net 170 148 22 14.9 Interest expense 13,216 13,654 (438) (3.2) 2.8 2.8 Income before income tax 21,806 33,339 (11,533) (34.6) 4.6 6.8 Income tax expense 4,792 5,958 (1,166) (19.6) 1.0 1.2 Net income 17,014 27,381 (10,367) (37.9) 3.6 5.6 Six Months Ended August 31, of Sales Revenue, net (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Sales revenue by segment, net Home Outdoor 440,403 457,121 (16,718) (3.7) 49.4 47.3 Beauty Wellness 450,665 509,114 (58,449) (11.5) 50.6 52.7 Total sales revenue, net 891,068 966,235 (75,167) (7.8) 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 471,919 520,951 (49,032) (9.4) 53.0 53.9 Gross profit 419,149 445,284 (26,135) (5.9) 47.0 46.1 SG A 
 350,173 346,826 3,347 1.0 39.3 35.9 Restructuring charges 3,361 10,972 (7,611) (69.4) 0.4 1.1 Operating income 65,615 87,486 (21,871) (25.0) 7.4 9.1 Non-operating income, net 270 285 (15) (5.3) Interest expense 25,759 27,706 (1,947) (7.0) 2.9 2.9 Income before income tax 40,126 60,065 (19,939) (33.2) 4.5 6.2 Income tax expense 16,908 10,103 6,805 67.4 1.9 1.0 Net income 23,218 49,962 (26,744) (53.5) 2.6 5.2 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results 
 
 Consolidated net sales revenue decreased 3.5 , or 17.3 million, to 474.2 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 491.6 million for the same period last year. 
 
 Consolidated operating income decreased 25.6 , or 12.0 million, to 34.9 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 46.8 million for the same period last year. Consolidated operating margin decreased 2.2 percentage points to 7.3 of consolidated net sales revenue for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 9.5 for the same period last year. 
 
 Consolidated adjusted operating income decreased 25.5 , or 15.9 million, to 46.4 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 62.3 million for the same period last year. Consolidated adjusted operating margin decreased 2.9 percentage points to 9.8 of consolidated net sales revenue for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 12.7 for the same period last year. 
 
 Net income decreased 37.9 , or 10.4 million, to 17.0 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 27.4 million for the same period last year. Diluted EPS decreased 35.1 to 0.74 for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 1.14 for the same period last year. 
 
 Adjusted income decreased 34.1 , or 14.2 million, to 27.5 million for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 41.8 million for the same period last year. Adjusted diluted EPS decreased 30.5 to 1.21 for the three months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 1.74 for the same period last year. 
 
 Year-To-Date Fiscal 2025 Financial Results 
 
 Consolidated net sales revenue decreased 7.8 , or 75.2 million, to 891.1 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 966.2 million for the same period last year. 
 
 Consolidated operating income decreased 25.0 , or 21.9 million, to 65.6 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 87.5 million for the same period last year. Consolidated operating margin decreased 1.7 percentage points to 7.4 of consolidated net sales revenue for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 9.1 for the same period last year. 
 
 Consolidated adjusted operating income decreased 30.4 , or 39.1 million, to 89.4 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 128.4 million for the same period last year. Consolidated adjusted operating margin decreased 3.3 percentage points to 10.0 of consolidated net sales revenue for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 13.3 for the same period last year. 
 
 Net income decreased 53.5 , or 26.7 million, to 23.2 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 50.0 million for the same period last year. Diluted EPS decreased 51.7 to 1.00 for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 2.07 for the same period last year. 
 
 Adjusted income decreased 42.5 , or 37.6 million, to 50.9 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 88.5 million for the same period last year. Adjusted diluted EPS 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 decreased 40.3 to 2.19 for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 3.67 for the same period last year. 

Consolidated and Segment Net Sales Revenue 

The following tables summarize the impact that Organic business and foreign currency had on our net sales revenue by segment: 
 Three Months Ended August 31, (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness Total Fiscal 2024 sales revenue, net 
 239,977 251,586 491,563 Organic business 2,064 (18,899) (16,835) Impact of foreign currency (97) (410) (507) Change in sales revenue, net 1,967 (19,309) (17,342) Fiscal 2025 sales revenue, net 
 241,944 232,277 474,221 Total net sales revenue growth (decline) 0.8 (7.7) (3.5) Organic business 0.9 (7.5) (3.4) Impact of foreign currency (0.2) (0.1) 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 
 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness Total Fiscal 2024 sales revenue, net 
 457,121 509,114 966,235 Organic business (16,590) (58,427) (75,017) Impact of foreign currency (128) (22) (150) Change in sales revenue, net (16,718) (58,449) (75,167) Fiscal 2025 sales revenue, net 
 440,403 450,665 891,068 Total net sales revenue decline 
 (3.7) (11.5) (7.8) Organic business (3.6) (11.5) (7.8) Impact of foreign currency 
 
 In the above tables, Organic business refers to our net sales revenue associated with product lines or brands after the first twelve months from the date the product line or brand was acquired, excluding the impact that foreign currency remeasurement had on reported net sales revenue. Net sales revenue from internally developed brands or product lines is considered Organic business activity. 
 
 Consolidated Net Sales Revenue 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated net sales revenue decreased 17.3 million, or 3.5 , to 474.2 million, compared to 491.6 million, primarily driven by a decline in Beauty Wellness due to lower sales of hair appliances, air purifiers and humidifiers primarily driven by softer consumer demand, shifts in consumer spending, reduced orders from retail customers and increased competition in hair appliances and air purification. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by: 
 an increase in Home Outdoor driven by sales growth in the home and insulated beverageware categories; 
 international growth; and 
 higher sales of fans and thermometers in Beauty Wellness. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Net sales revenue was unfavorably impacted by net foreign currency fluctuations of approximately 0.5 million, or 0.1 . 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated net sales revenue decreased 75.2 million, or 7.8 , to 891.1 million, compared to 966.2 million, primarily driven by: 
 a decline in sales of hair appliances, prestige hair care products, humidifiers, and air purifiers in Beauty Wellness primarily driven by softer consumer demand, shifts in consumer spending, reduced orders from retail customers and increased competition in hair appliances, prestige hair care products and air purification; and 
 a decline in Home Outdoor primarily due to lower replenishment orders from retail customers, softer consumer demand, increased competition in the insulated beverageware category, continued softness in technical packs and related accessories, and the impact of the shipping disruption at our Tennessee distribution facility due to automation startup issues affecting some of the segment's small retail customer and direct-to-consumer orders during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by international growth and higher sales of fans and thermometers in Beauty Wellness. 
 
 Net sales revenue was unfavorably impacted by net foreign currency fluctuations of approximately 0.2 million, or less than 0.1 . 

Segment Net Sales Revenue 
 
 Home Outdoor 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Net sales revenue increased 2.0 million, or 0.8 , to 241.9 million, compared to 240.0 million. The increase was primarily driven by: 
 an increase in sales in the insulated beverageware category; 
 higher international sales primarily driven by new and expanded retailer distribution; and 
 expanded retailer distribution in the home category. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by: 
 softer consumer demand; 
 lower replenishment orders from retail customers; and 
 continued softness in technical packs and related accessories. 
 
 Net sales revenue was unfavorably impacted by net foreign currency fluctuations of approximately 0.1 million, or less than 0.1 . 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Net sales revenue decreased 16.7 million, or 3.7 , to 440.4 million, compared to 457.1 million. The decrease was primarily driven by: 
 lower replenishment orders from retail customers; 
 softer consumer demand; 
 increased competition in the insulated beverageware category; 
 continued softness in technical packs and related accessories; and 
 the impact of the shipping disruption at our Tennessee distribution facility due to automation startup issues affecting some of the segment's small retail customer and direct-to-consumer orders during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 These factors were partially offset by: 
 new and expanded retailer distribution in the home category; 
 an increase in club and closeout channel sales in the insulated beverageware category; 
 higher international sales primarily driven by new and expanded retailer distribution; and 
 incremental sales from the launch of the travel tumbler in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 
 Net sales revenue was unfavorably impacted by net foreign currency fluctuations of approximately 0.1 million, or less than 0.1 . 

Beauty Wellness 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Net sales revenue decreased 19.3 million, or 7.7 , to 232.3 million, compared to 251.6 million. The decrease was primarily driven by: 
 a decline in sales of hair appliances primarily due to softer consumer demand, shifts in consumer spending and increased competition; 
 lower sales of air purifiers and humidifiers, primarily driven by reduced replenishment orders from retail customers; and 
 a decrease in water filtration product revenue primarily driven by the expiration of an out-license relationship. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by an increase in fan and thermometer sales. 
 
 Net sales revenue was unfavorably impacted by net foreign currency fluctuations of approximately 0.4 million, or 0.2 . 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Net sales revenue decreased 58.4 million, or 11.5 , to 450.7 million, compared to 509.1 million. The decline was primarily driven by: 
 a decline in sales of hair appliances and prestige hair care products primarily due to softer consumer demand, shipping disruption from Curlsmith system integration challenges, and increased competition; 
 lower sales of humidifiers and air purifiers, primarily driven by reduced replenishment orders from retail customers due a decline in consumer demand, a softer 2023/2024 illness season and increased competition in air purification; and 
 a decrease in water filtration product revenue primarily driven by the expiration of an out-license relationship. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by an increase in fan and thermometer sales. 
 
 The impact of net foreign currency fluctuations on net sales revenue was not meaningful. 

Consolidated Gross Profit Margin 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated gross profit margin decreased 1.1 percentage points to 45.6 , compared to 46.7 . The decrease in consolidated gross profit margin was primarily due to a less favorable product and customer mix within Home Outdoor and unfavorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated gross profit margin increased 0.9 percentage points to 47.0 , compared to 46.1 . The increase in consolidated gross profit margin was primarily due to lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives and favorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by a less favorable product mix within the segments and a less favorable customer mix within Home Outdoor. 

Consolidated SG A 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated SG A ratio increased 1.4 percentage points to 37.9 , compared to 36.5 . The increase in the consolidated SG A ratio was primarily due to: 
 higher marketing expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 unfavorable distribution center expense primarily due to additional costs and lost efficiency associated with automation startup issues at our Tennessee distribution facility; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by lower overall personnel expense, which includes the impact of lower annual incentive compensation expense. 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated SG A ratio increased 3.4 percentage points to 39.3 , compared to 35.9 . The increase in the consolidated SG A ratio was primarily due to: 
 higher marketing expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 unfavorable distribution center expense primarily due to additional costs and lost efficiency associated with automation startup issues at our Tennessee distribution facility; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 

Restructuring Charges 
 
 During the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2024, we incurred 1.5 million and 3.4 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring costs in connection with Project Pegasus, which were primarily comprised of severance and employee related costs and professional fees. We recognized 3.6 million and 11.0 million of pre-tax restructuring costs during the three and six month periods ended August 31, 2023, respectively, in connection with Project Pegasus, which primarily included professional fees. During the six month periods ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, we made total cash restructuring payments of 5.6 million and 15.2 million, respectively. We had a remaining liability of 2.5 million as of August 31, 2024. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income, Operating Margin, Adjusted Operating Income (non-GAAP), and Adjusted Operating Margin (non-GAAP) by Segment 
 
 In order to provide a better understanding of the impact of certain items on our operating income, the tables that follow report the comparative pre-tax impact of Bed, Bath Beyond bankruptcy, restructuring charges, amortization of intangible assets, and non-cash share-based compensation, as applicable, on operating income and operating margin for each segment and in total for the periods presented below. Adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin may be considered non-GAAP financial measures as contemplated by SEC Regulation G, Rule 100. For additional information regarding management s decision to present this non-GAAP financial information, see the introduction to this Item 2., Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness 
 Total Operating income, as reported (GAAP) 31,152 12.9 3,700 1.6 34,852 7.3 Restructuring charges 518 0.2 1,008 0.4 1,526 0.3 Subtotal 31,670 13.1 4,708 2.0 36,378 7.7 Amortization of intangible assets 1,768 0.7 2,771 1.2 4,539 1.0 Non-cash share-based compensation 2,814 1.2 2,673 1.2 5,487 1.2 Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP) 36,252 15.0 10,152 4.4 46,404 9.8 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness 
 Total Operating income, as reported (GAAP) 36,099 15.0 10,746 4.3 46,845 9.5 Restructuring charges 1,271 0.5 2,346 0.9 3,617 0.7 Subtotal 37,370 15.6 13,092 5.2 50,462 10.3 Amortization of intangible assets 1,764 0.7 2,830 1.1 4,594 0.9 Non-cash share-based compensation 3,287 1.4 3,942 1.6 7,229 1.5 Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP) 42,421 17.7 19,864 7.9 62,285 12.7 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness 
 Total Operating income, as reported (GAAP) 47,002 10.7 18,613 4.1 65,615 7.4 Restructuring charges 958 0.2 2,403 0.5 3,361 0.4 Subtotal 47,960 10.9 21,016 4.7 68,976 7.7 Amortization of intangible assets 3,533 0.8 5,526 1.2 9,059 1.0 Non-cash share-based compensation 5,827 1.3 5,493 1.2 11,320 1.3 Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP) 57,320 13.0 32,035 7.1 89,355 10.0 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 (in thousands) Home Outdoor Beauty Wellness 
 Total Operating income, as reported (GAAP) 58,215 12.7 29,271 5.7 87,486 9.1 Bed, Bath Beyond bankruptcy 3,087 0.7 1,126 0.2 4,213 0.4 Restructuring charges 4,061 0.9 6,911 1.4 10,972 1.1 Subtotal 65,363 14.3 37,308 7.3 102,671 10.6 Amortization of intangible assets 3,541 0.8 5,710 1.1 9,251 1.0 Non-cash share-based compensation 7,785 1.7 8,741 1.7 16,526 1.7 Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP) 76,689 16.8 51,759 10.2 128,448 13.3 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Operating Income 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated operating income was 34.9 million, or 7.3 of net sales revenue, compared to 46.8 million, or 9.5 of net sales revenue. The 2.2 percentage point decrease in consolidated operating margin was primarily due to: 
 higher marketing expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 a less favorable product and customer mix within Home Outdoor; 
 unfavorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year; 
 unfavorable distribution center expense primarily due to additional costs and lost efficiency associated with automation startup issues at our Tennessee distribution facility; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by: 
 lower overall personnel expense, which includes the impact of lower annual incentive compensation expense; and 
 lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives. 
 
 Consolidated adjusted operating income decreased 25.5 to 46.4 million, or 9.8 of net sales revenue, compared to 62.3 million, or 12.7 of net sales revenue. 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Consolidated operating income was 65.6 million, or 7.4 of net sales revenue, compared to 87.5 million, or 9.1 of net sales revenue. The 1.7 percentage point decrease in consolidated operating margin was primarily due to: 
 higher marketing and new product development expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 a less favorable product mix within the segments and a less favorable customer mix within Home Outdoor; 
 unfavorable distribution center expense primarily due to additional costs and lost efficiency associated with automation startup issues at our Tennessee distribution facility; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives, and favorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year. 
 
 Consolidated adjusted operating income decreased 30.4 to 89.4 million, or 10.0 of net sales revenue, compared to 128.4 million, or 13.3 of net sales revenue. 

Home Outdoor 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Operating income was 31.2 million, or 12.9 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 36.1 million, or 15.0 of segment net sales revenue. The 2.1 percentage point decrease in segment operating margin was primarily due to unfavorable distribution center expense, a less favorable product and customer mix and higher marketing expense as we reinvested back into our brands. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by lower overall personnel expense, which includes the impact of lower annual incentive compensation expense, and favorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year. 
 
 Adjusted operating income decreased 14.5 to 36.3 million, or 15.0 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 42.4 million, or 17.7 of segment net sales revenue. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Operating income was 47.0 million, or 10.7 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 58.2 million, or 12.7 of segment net sales revenue. The 2.0 percentage point decrease in segment operating margin was primarily due to: 
 a less favorable product and customer mix; 
 higher marketing expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 unfavorable distribution center expense primarily due to additional costs and lost efficiency associated with automation startup issues at our Tennessee distribution facility; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by favorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year and lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives. 
 
 Adjusted operating income decreased 25.3 to 57.3 million, or 13.0 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 76.7 million, or 16.8 of segment net sales revenue. 

Beauty Wellness 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Operating income was 3.7 million, or 1.6 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 10.7 million, or 4.3 of segment net sales revenue. The 2.7 percentage point decrease in segment operating margin was primarily due to: 
 higher marketing expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 unfavorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by: 
 lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives; and 
 lower overall personnel expense, which includes the impact of lower annual incentive compensation expense. 
 
 Adjusted operating income decreased 48.9 to 10.2 million, or 4.4 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 19.9 million, or 7.9 of segment net sales revenue. 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Operating income was 18.6 million, or 4.1 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 29.3 million, or 5.7 of segment net sales revenue. The 1.6 percentage point decrease in segment operating margin was primarily due to: 
 higher marketing and new product development expense as we reinvested back into our brands; 
 a less favorable product mix; and 
 the impact of unfavorable operating leverage due to the decrease in net sales. 
 
 These factors were partially offset by: 
 lower commodity and product costs, partly driven by Project Pegasus initiatives; 
 a decrease in restructuring charges of 4.5 million; and 
 favorable inventory obsolescence expense year-over-year. 
 
 Adjusted operating income decreased 38.1 to 32.0 million, or 7.1 of segment net sales revenue, compared to 51.8 million, or 10.2 of segment net sales revenue. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Interest expense was 13.2 million, compared to 13.7 million. The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower average borrowings outstanding, partially offset by a higher average effective interest rate compared to the same period last year. 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Interest expense was 25.8 million, compared to 27.7 million. The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower average borrowings outstanding, partially offset by a higher average effective interest rate compared to the same period last year. 

Income Tax Expense 
 
 The period-over-period comparison of our effective tax rate is often impacted by the mix of income in our various tax jurisdictions. Due to our organization in Bermuda and the ownership structure of our foreign subsidiaries, many of which are not owned directly or indirectly by a U.S. parent company, an immaterial amount of our foreign income is subject to U.S. taxation on a permanent basis under current law. Additionally, our intellectual property is largely owned by our foreign subsidiaries, resulting in proportionally higher earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates, which decreases our overall effective tax rate. 
 
 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has introduced a framework to implement a global minimum corporate income tax of 15 , referred to as Pillar Two. Many aspects of Pillar Two are effective for tax years beginning after January 1, 2024, with certain remaining aspects to be effective for tax years beginning January 1, 2025 or later. Certain countries have adopted legislation to implement Pillar Two, and other countries are in the process of introducing legislation to implement Pillar Two. We will continue to assess the impact of Pillar Two and monitor developments in legislation, regulation, and interpretive guidance. 
 
 In response to Pillar Two, on May 24, 2024, Barbados enacted a domestic corporate income tax rate of 9 , effective beginning with our fiscal year 2025. As a result, we incorporated this corporate income tax into our estimated annual effective tax rate increasing our income tax provision beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. In addition, we revalued our existing deferred tax liabilities subject to the Barbados legislation, which resulted in a discrete tax charge of 6.0 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Additionally, Barbados enacted a domestic minimum top-up tax DMTT of 15 which applies to Barbados businesses that are part of multinational enterprise groups with annual revenue of 750 million or more and is effective beginning with our fiscal year 2026. We will continue to monitor and evaluate impacts as further regulatory guidance becomes available. 
 
 For the three months ended August 31, 2024, income tax expense as a percentage of income before income tax was 22.0 compared to 17.9 for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the Barbados tax legislation enacted during the first quarter of fiscal 2025, which resulted in an increase in our income tax expense due to the change to our estimated annual effective tax rate arising from the legislation, shifts in the mix of income in our various tax jurisdictions, and an increase in tax expense for discrete items. For the six months ended August 31, 2024, income tax expense as a percentage of income before income tax was 42.1 compared to 16.8 for the same period last year primarily due to the Barbados tax legislation described above, including a discrete tax charge of 6.0 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 to revalue deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income, Diluted EPS, Adjusted Income (non-GAAP), and Adjusted Diluted EPS (non-GAAP) 
 
 In order to provide a better understanding of the impact of certain items on our income and diluted EPS, the tables that follow report the comparative after-tax impact of Barbados tax reform, Bed, Bath Beyond bankruptcy, restructuring charges, amortization of intangible assets, and non-cash share-based compensation, as applicable, on income and diluted EPS for the periods presented below. Adjusted income and adjusted diluted EPS may be considered non-GAAP financial measures as contemplated by SEC Regulation G, Rule 100. For additional information regarding management s decision to present this non-GAAP financial information, see the introduction to this Item 2., Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Income Diluted EPS (in thousands, except per share data) Before Tax Tax Net of Tax Before Tax Tax Net of Tax As reported (GAAP) 21,806 4,792 17,014 0.95 0.21 0.74 Restructuring charges 1,526 138 1,388 0.07 0.01 0.06 Subtotal 23,332 4,930 18,402 1.02 0.22 0.81 Amortization of intangible assets 4,539 661 3,878 0.20 0.03 0.17 Non-cash share-based compensation 5,487 221 5,266 0.24 0.01 0.23 Adjusted (non-GAAP) 33,358 5,812 27,546 1.46 0.25 1.21 Weighted average shares of common stock used in computing diluted EPS 22,839 
 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 Income Diluted EPS (in thousands, except per share data) Before Tax Tax Net of Tax Before Tax Tax Net of Tax As reported (GAAP) 33,339 5,958 27,381 1.39 0.25 1.14 Restructuring charges 3,617 44 3,573 0.15 0.15 Subtotal 36,956 6,002 30,954 1.54 0.25 1.29 Amortization of intangible assets 4,594 607 3,987 0.19 0.03 0.17 Non-cash share-based compensation 7,229 385 6,844 0.30 0.02 0.28 Adjusted (non-GAAP) 48,779 6,994 41,785 2.03 0.29 1.74 Weighted average shares of common stock used in computing diluted EPS 24,041 
 
 Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 Income Diluted EPS (in thousands, except per share data) Before Tax Tax Net of Tax Before Tax Tax Net of Tax As reported (GAAP) 40,126 16,908 23,218 1.73 0.73 1.00 Barbados tax reform 
 (6,045) 6,045 (0.26) 0.26 Restructuring charges 3,361 303 3,058 0.14 0.01 0.13 Subtotal 43,487 11,166 32,321 1.87 0.48 1.39 Amortization of intangible assets 9,059 1,322 7,737 0.39 0.06 0.33 Non-cash share-based compensation 11,320 485 10,835 0.49 0.02 0.47 Adjusted (non-GAAP) 63,866 12,973 50,893 2.75 0.56 2.19 Weighted average shares of common stock used in computing diluted EPS 23,236 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 Income Diluted EPS (in thousands, except per share data) Before Tax Tax Net of Tax Before Tax Tax Net of Tax As reported (GAAP) 60,065 10,103 49,962 2.49 0.42 2.07 Bed, Bath Beyond bankruptcy 4,213 53 4,160 0.17 0.17 Restructuring charges 10,972 136 10,836 0.46 0.01 0.45 Subtotal 75,250 10,292 64,958 3.12 0.43 2.70 Amortization of intangible assets 9,251 1,213 8,038 0.38 0.05 0.33 Non-cash share-based compensation 16,526 1,026 15,500 0.69 0.04 0.64 Adjusted (non-GAAP) 101,027 12,531 88,496 4.19 0.52 3.67 Weighted average shares of common stock used in computing diluted EPS 24,088 
 
 Comparison of Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 to Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 
 Net income was 17.0 million, compared to 27.4 million. Diluted EPS was 0.74, compared to 1.14. Diluted EPS decreased primarily due to lower operating income and an increase in the effective income tax rate, partially offset by lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding and a decrease in interest expense. 
 
 Adjusted income decreased 14.2 million, or 34.1 , to 27.5 million, compared to 41.8 million. Adjusted diluted EPS decreased 30.5 to 1.21, compared to 1.74. 
 
 Comparison of First Six Months of Fiscal 2025 to First Six Months of Fiscal 2024 
 Net income was 23.2 million, compared to 50.0 million. Diluted EPS was 1.00, compared to 2.07. Diluted EPS decreased primarily due to lower operating income and an increase in the effective income tax rate, partially offset by a decrease in interest expense and lower weighted average diluted shares outstanding. 
 
 Adjusted income decreased 37.6 million, or 42.5 , to 50.9 million, compared to 88.5 million. Adjusted diluted EPS decreased 40.3 to 2.19, compared to 3.67. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We principally rely on our cash flow from operations and borrowings under our Credit Agreement (as defined below) to finance our operations, capital and intangible asset expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases. Historically, our principal uses of cash to fund our operations have included operating expenses, primarily SG A, and working capital, predominantly for inventory purchases and the extension of credit to our retail customers. We have typically been able to generate positive cash flow from operations sufficient to fund our operating activities. In the past, we have utilized a combination of available cash and existing, or additional, sources of financing to fund strategic acquisitions, share repurchases and capital investments. We generated 69.9 million in cash from operations during the first six months of fiscal 2025 and had 20.1 million in cash and cash equivalents at August 31, 2024. As of August 31, 2024, the amount of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries was 14.3 million. We have no existing activities involving special purpose entities or off-balance sheet financing. 
 
 We believe our short-term liquidity requirements will primarily consist of operating and working capital requirements, capital expenditures and interest payments on our debt. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Based on our current financial condition and current operations, we believe that cash flows from operations and available financing sources will continue to provide sufficient capital resources to fund our foreseeable short- and long-term liquidity requirements. 
 
 We continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities on a regular basis. We may finance acquisition activity with available cash, the issuance of shares of common stock, additional debt, or other sources of financing, depending upon the size and nature of any such transaction and the status of the capital markets at the time of such acquisition. 
 
 We may also elect to repurchase additional shares of common stock under our Board of Directors' authorization, subject to limitations contained in our debt agreement and based upon our assessment of a number of factors, including share price, trading volume and general market conditions, working capital requirements, general business conditions, financial conditions, any applicable contractual limitations, and other factors, including alternative investment opportunities. We may finance share repurchases with available cash, additional debt or other sources of financing. For additional information, see Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in our Form 10-K and Part II, Item 2., Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds in this report. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Operating activities provided net cash of 69.9 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to net cash provided of 157.7 million for the same period last year. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by increases in payments for inventory, annual incentive compensation, and income taxes, as well as a decrease in cash earnings, partially offset by decreases in cash used primarily for accounts receivable, restructuring activities and interest payments. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Investing activities used net cash of 14.1 million during the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to net cash used of 20.3 million for the same period last year. The decrease in cash used by investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in capital and intangible asset expenditures during the first and second quarters of fiscal 2025. The decrease in capital and intangible asset expenditures is primarily due to the construction of our new two million square foot distribution facility, for which we incurred higher capital expenditures during the prior year period. Capital and intangible asset expenditures during both periods also included expenditures for computer, furniture and other equipment and tooling, molds, and other production equipment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Financing activities used net cash of 54.2 million during the six months ended August 31, 2024, compared to net cash used of 142.3 million for the same period last year. The decrease in cash used by financing activities is primarily due to net borrowings on our revolving loans of 50.1 million to help fund payments for repurchases of common stock of 103.1 million during the six months ended August 31, 2024 in comparison to net repayments of 87.0 million and payments for repurchases of common stock of 54.5 million during the same period last year. 

Credit Agreement 
 
 We have a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and other lenders that provides for aggregate commitments of 1.5 billion, which are available through (i) a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility, which includes a 50 million sublimit for the issuance of 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 letters of credit, (ii) a 250 million term loan facility, and (iii) a committed 250 million delayed draw term loan facility, which may be borrowed in multiple drawdowns until August 15, 2025. Proceeds can be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including funding permitted acquisitions. At the closing date, February 15, 2024, we borrowed 457.5 million under the revolving credit facility and 250.0 million under the term loan facility and utilized the proceeds to repay all debt outstanding under our prior credit agreement. The Credit Agreement matures on February 15, 2029. The Credit Agreement includes an accordion feature, which permits the Company to request to increase its borrowing capacity by an additional 300 million plus an unlimited amount when the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) on a pro-forma basis is less than 3.25 to 1.00. The term loans are payable at the end of each fiscal quarter in equal installments of 0.625 through February 28, 2025, 0.9375 through February 28, 2026, and 1.25 thereafter of the original principal balance of the term loans, which began in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, with the remaining balance due at the maturity date. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear floating interest at either the Base Rate or Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus a margin based on the Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of 0 to 1.125 and 1.0 to 2.125 for Base Rate and Term SOFR borrowings, respectively. 
 
 The floating interest rates on our borrowings under the Credit Agreement are hedged with interest rate swaps to effectively fix interest rates on 300 million and 500 million of the outstanding principal balance under the revolving loans as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, respectively. For additional information regarding our interest rate swaps, see Notes 9, 10, and 11 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, the outstanding Credit Agreement principal balance was 718.9 million (excluding prepaid financing fees), the balance of outstanding letters of credit was 9.5 million and the amount available for revolving loans under the Credit Agreement was 518.5 million. Covenants in the Credit Agreement limit the amount of total indebtedness we can incur. As of August 31, 2024, these covenants effectively limited our ability to incur more than 322.8 million of additional debt from all sources, including the Credit Agreement, or 518.5 million in the event a qualified acquisition is consummated. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants as defined under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The SEC defines critical accounting estimates as those made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on a company's financial condition or results of operations. For a discussion of the estimates that we consider to meet this definition and represent our more critical estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, see the section entitled Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Form 10-K. Since the filing of our Form 10-K, there have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed therein, except as described below: 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we concluded that a goodwill impairment triggering event had occurred primarily due to a sustained decline in our stock price. Additional factors that contributed to this conclusion included current macroeconomic trends and uncertainty surrounding inflation and high interest rates, which negatively impact consumer disposable income, credit availability, spending and overall consumer confidence, all of which have and may continue to adversely impact our sales, results of operations and cash flows. These factors are applicable to all of our reporting units which resulted in us performing quantitative goodwill impairment testing on all of our reporting units. We considered whether these events and circumstances would affect any other assets and concluded to perform quantitative impairment testing on our indefinite-lived trademark licenses and trade names and our definite-lived trademark licenses, trade names and customer relationships and lists. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Goodwill 
 We review goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances or conditions exist, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. We evaluate goodwill at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment). We operate two reportable segments, Home Outdoor and Beauty Wellness, which are comprised of seven reporting units, one of which does not have any goodwill recorded. If the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired, further steps are required in order to determine whether the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair market value. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. We perform our annual impairment testing for goodwill as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. 
 
 As described above, during the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we concluded that a goodwill impairment triggering event had occurred, and our qualitative assessment resulted in us performing quantitative goodwill impairment testing on all of our reporting units. We use an enterprise premise to determine the fair value and carrying amount of our reporting units. All assets and liabilities that are employed in or relate to the operations of a reporting unit and will be considered in determining the fair value of the reporting unit are included in the carrying value of the reporting unit. Our reporting units net assets primarily consist of goodwill and intangible assets, which are assigned to a reporting unit upon acquisition, and accounts receivable and inventory which are directly identifiable. Assets and liabilities employed in or related to the operations of multiple reporting units as well as corporate assets and liabilities are primarily allocated to the reporting units based on specific identification or a percentage of net sales revenue. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using an income approach based upon projected future discounted cash flows DCF Model ). Under the DCF Model, the fair value of each reporting unit is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at a risk-adjusted rate of return. We use internal forecasts and strategic long-term plans to estimate future cash flows, including net sales revenue, gross profit margin, and earnings before interest and taxes margins. Our internal strategic long-term plans were developed in tandem with our Elevate for Growth Strategy, which provides the Company s strategic roadmap through fiscal 2030. Our internal forecasts and strategic long-term plans take into consideration historical and recent business results, industry trends and macroeconomic conditions. Other key estimates used in the DCF Model include, but are not limited to, discount rates, statutory tax rates, terminal growth rates, as well as working capital and capital expenditures needs. The discount rates are based on a weighted-average cost of capital utilizing industry market data of our peer group companies. Our goodwill impairment analysis also includes a reconciliation of the aggregate estimated fair values of our reporting units to the Company s total market capitalization. 
 
 Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate expected future cash flows for our reporting units, including evaluating the impact of operational and external economic factors on our future cash flows, all of which are subject to uncertainty. The assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of our reporting units involve significant elements of subjective judgment and analysis by management. Certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of retail economic conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in actual and expected consumer demand, among others, could result in changes to these assumptions and judgements. A revision of these estimates and assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values, resulting in impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The quantitative assessments did not result in impairment of our goodwill. All of our reporting units had a fair value that exceeded their carrying value by at least 10 . 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of our reporting units are outside of the control of management, including interest rates, cost of capital, tax rates, strength of retail economies and industry growth. While we believe that the estimates and assumptions we use are reasonable at the time made, it is possible changes could occur. The recoverability of our goodwill is dependent upon discretionary consumer demand and the execution of our Elevate for Growth Strategy, which includes investing in our brands, growing internationally, new product introductions and expanded distribution to drive revenue growth and profitability and achieve our projections. The net sales revenue and profitability growth rates used in our projections are management s estimate of the most likely results over time, given a wide range of potential outcomes. Actual results may differ from those assumed in forecasts, which could result in material impairment charges. We will continue to monitor our reporting units for any triggering events or other signs of impairment including consideration of changes in the macroeconomic environment, significant declines in operating results, further significant sustained decline in market capitalization from current levels, and other factors, which could result in impairment charges in the future. 
 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 We review our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances or conditions exist, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. If the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired, further steps are required in order to determine whether the carrying values of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds their fair values. We perform our annual impairment testing for our indefinite-lived intangible assets as of the beginning of the fourth quarter. We review our definite-lived intangible assets if a triggering event occurs during the reporting period. If such circumstances or conditions exist, further steps are required in order to determine whether the carrying value of each of the individual assets exceeds its fair market value. 
 
 As described above, during the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we concluded that an impairment triggering event had occurred and concluded to perform quantitative impairment analyses on our indefinite-lived intangible assets, which include trademark licenses and trade names and our definite-lived trademark licenses, trade names, and customer relationships and lists. Our intangible asset impairment test compares the fair value of our intangible assets with their carrying amount and an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of our trade names and trademark licenses using the relief from royalty method income approach which is based upon a DCF Model. The relief-from-royalty method estimates the fair value of a trade name or trademark license by discounting the hypothetical avoided royalty payments to their present value over the economic life of the asset. We estimate the fair value of our customer relationships and lists using the distributor method income approach which is based upon a DCF Model. The distributor method uses financial margin information for distributors within the applicable industry and most representative of the Company to estimate a royalty rate. The determination of fair value using these methods entails a significant number of estimates and assumptions, which require management judgment, and include net sales revenue growth rates, discount rates, royalty rates, residual growth rates (as applicable) and customer attrition rates (as applicable). We use internal forecasts and strategic long-term plans (which are described above) to estimate net sales revenue growth rates and royalty rates. We utilize a constant growth model to determine the residual growth rates which are based upon long-term industry growth expectations and long-term expected inflation. 
 
 The assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of our intangible assets involve significant elements of subjective judgment and analysis by management. Certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of retail economic conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in actual and expected consumer demand, could result in changes to these assumptions and judgements. A revision of these estimates and assumptions could cause the fair values of the intangible assets to fall 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 below their respective carrying values, resulting in impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The quantitative assessments did not result in any impairment of these intangible assets. All of our indefinite-lived intangible assets had a fair value that exceeded their carrying value by at least 10 . All of our definite-lived trademark licenses, trade names, and customer relationships and lists had a fair value that exceeded their carrying value by at least 10 . The fair value of our Drybar definite-lived trade name, within our Beauty Wellness reportable segment, represented 110.7 of its carrying value. We performed a sensitivity analysis on key assumptions used in the valuation. A hypothetical adverse change of 10 in the forecasted sales used to estimate the fair value of the Drybar trade name would have resulted in an impairment charge of approximately 0.8 million against its carrying value of 20.8 million. 
 
 The estimates and assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of our intangible assets are subject to the same risks described above for determining the fair value of our goodwill. Further declines in anticipated consumer spending or an inability to achieve expected revenue growth and profitability in line with our Elevate for Growth Strategy could result in declines in the fair value that may result in impairment charges to our intangible assets. We will continue to monitor our intangible assets for any triggering events or other signs of impairment including consideration of changes in the macroeconomic environment, significant declines in sales or operating results, and other factors, which could result in impairment charges in the future. For additional information, refer to Note 1 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements in this report, including those in documents and our other filings with the SEC referenced herein, may constitute forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Generally, the words anticipates , assumes , believes , expects , plans , may , will , might , would , should , seeks , estimates , project , predict , potential , currently , continue , intends , outlook , forecasts , targets , reflects , could , and other similar words identify forward-looking statements. All statements that address operating results, events or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future, including statements related to sales, expenses, EPS results, and statements expressing general expectations about future operating results, are forward-looking statements and are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. We believe there is a reasonable basis for our expectations and assumptions, but there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations or that our assumptions will prove correct. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made and are subject to risks that could cause them to differ materially from actual results. Accordingly, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We believe that these risks include but are not limited to the risks described or referenced in this report and that are otherwise described from time to time in our SEC reports as filed. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Such risks are not limited to, but may include: 
 the geographic concentration of certain U.S. distribution facilities which increases our risk to disruptions that could affect our ability to deliver products in a timely manner; 
 the occurrence of cyber incidents, or failure by us or our third-party service providers to maintain cybersecurity and the integrity of confidential internal or customer data; 
 a cybersecurity breach, obsolescence or interruptions in the operation of our central global Enterprise Resource Planning systems and other peripheral information systems; 
 our ability to develop and introduce a continuing stream of innovative new products to meet changing consumer preferences; 
 actions taken by large customers that may adversely affect our gross profit and operating results; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 our dependence on sales to several large customers and the risks associated with any loss of, or substantial decline in, sales to top customers; 
 our dependence on third-party manufacturers, most of which are located in Asia, and any inability to obtain products from such manufacturers; 
 our ability to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner and according to their fulfillment standards; 
 the risks associated with trade barriers, exchange controls, expropriations, and other risks associated with domestic and foreign operations including uncertainty and business interruptions resulting from political changes and events in the U.S. and abroad, and volatility in the global credit and financial markets and economy; 
 our dependence on the strength of retail economies and vulnerabilities to any prolonged economic downturn, including a downturn from the effects of macroeconomic conditions, any public health crises or similar conditions; 
 the risks associated with weather conditions, the duration and severity of the cold and flu season and other related factors; 
 our reliance on our CEO and a limited number of other key senior officers to operate our business; 
 the risks associated with the use of licensed trademarks from or to third parties; 
 our ability to execute and realize expected synergies from strategic business initiatives such as acquisitions, divestitures and global restructuring plans, including Project Pegasus; 
 the risks of potential changes in laws and regulations, including environmental, employment and health and safety and tax laws, and the costs and complexities of compliance with such laws; 
 the risks associated with increased focus and expectations on climate change and other environmental, social and governance matters; 
 the risks associated with significant changes in or our compliance with regulations, interpretations or product certification requirements; 
 the risks associated with global legal developments regarding privacy and data security that could result in changes to our business practices, penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business; 
 the risks of significant tariffs or other restrictions being placed on imports from China, Mexico or Vietnam or any retaliatory trade measures taken by China, Mexico or Vietnam; 
 our dependence on whether we are classified as a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes which impacts the tax treatment of its non-U.S. income; 
 the risks associated with legislation enacted in Bermuda and Barbados in response to the European Union s review of harmful tax competition; 
 the risks associated with accounting for tax positions and the resolution of tax disputes; 
 the risks associated with product recalls, product liability and other claims against us; 
 associated financial risks including but not limited to, increased costs of raw materials, energy and transportation; 
 significant impairment of our goodwill, indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets; 
 the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 the risks to our liquidity or cost of capital which may be materially adversely affected by constraints or changes in the capital and credit markets, interest rates and limitations under our financing arrangements; and 
 projections of product demand, sales and net income, which are highly subjective in nature, and from which future sales and net income could vary by a material amount. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 There have been no material changes in the information provided in the section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in our Form 10-K. Additional information regarding our risk management activities can be found in Notes 8, 9 and 10 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Based on their evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective at the reasonable assurance level. During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are involved in various legal claims and proceedings in the normal course of operations. We believe the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity, except as described in Part 1, Item 3. Legal Proceedings of our Form 10-K. Since the filing of our Form 10-K, there have been no material changes in our legal proceedings from those disclosed therein except as updated herein in the discussion in Note 7 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The ownership of our common stock involves a number of risks and uncertainties. When evaluating the Company and our business before making an investment decision regarding our securities, potential investors should carefully consider the risk factors and uncertainties described in Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K. Since the filing of our Form 10-K, there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed therein. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of our outstanding common stock. The authorization became effective August 20, 2024, for a period of three years, and replaced our former repurchase authorization, of which approximately 245.3 million remained. These repurchases may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated stock repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. The number of shares purchased and the timing of the purchases will depend on a number of factors, including share price, trading volume and general market conditions, working capital requirements, general business conditions, financial conditions, any applicable contractual limitations, and other factors, including alternative investment opportunities. See Note 5 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Our current equity-based compensation plans include provisions that allow for the net exercise of share-settled awards by all plan participants. In a net exercise, any required payroll taxes, federal withholding taxes and exercise price of the shares due from the option or other share-based award holders are settled by having the holder tender back to us a number of shares at fair value equal to the amounts due. Net exercises are treated as purchases and retirements of shares. The following table summarizes our share repurchase activity for the periods shown: 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (2) June 1 through June 30, 2024 (3) 
 645 104.23 645 245,299 July 1 through July 31, 2024 (3) 
 219 63.42 219 245,285 August 1 through August 19, 2024 (3) 
 8 56.09 8 245,285 August 20 through August 31, 2024 (4) 
 531 52.66 531 499,972 Total 1,403 78.07 1,403 
 
 (1) The number of shares includes shares of common stock acquired from associates who tendered shares to: (i) satisfy the tax withholding on equity awards as part of our long-term incentive plans or (ii) satisfy the exercise price on stock option exercises. For the periods presented, there were no common stock open market repurchases. 
 (2) Reflects the remaining dollar value of shares that could be purchased under our former and current stock repurchase authorizations through the expiration or termination of the plans. For additional information, see Note 5 to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) The shares purchased during the periods of June 1 through August 19, 2024 were under the former repurchase authorization. 
 (4) The shares purchased during the period of August 20 through August 31, 2024 were under the current repurchase authorization. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the three month period ended August 31, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS (a) Exhibits 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 
 Joint certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language iXBRL ): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page, Interactive Data File formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HELEN OF TROY LIMITED (Registrant) Date: October 9, 2024 /s/ Noel M. Geoffroy 
 Noel M. Geoffroy 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Principal Executive Officer Date: October 9, 2024 /s/ Brian L. Grass Brian L. Grass Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fy25_q2xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Noel M. Geoffroy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 of Helen of Troy Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 9, 2024 
 s Noel M. Geoffroy 
 Noel M. Geoffroy 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fy25_q2xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian L. Grass, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 of Helen of Troy Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 9, 2024 
 s Brian L. Grass Brian L. Grass Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 fy25_q2xexhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Helen of Troy Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies that to the best of their knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 9, 2024 
 s Noel M. Geoffroy 
 Noel M. Geoffroy 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Principal Executive Officer s Brian L. Grass Brian L. Grass Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 This certification is not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hele-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 hele-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hele-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hele-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hele-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

