<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1107843_0001107843-24-000038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8499748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>211835</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1378367</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3359988</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1765272</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1601690</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001107843-24-000038.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105170521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001107843-24-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUALYS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001107843
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				770534145
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35662
		FILM NUMBER:		241428452

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		919 E. HILLSDALE BLVD.
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-801-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		919 E. HILLSDALE BLVD.
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUALYS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001107843-24-000038.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 qlys-20240930.htm
 10-Q

qlys-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________ 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 __________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of October 24, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 Qualys, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Risk Factor Summary 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 60 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 61 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 61 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 62 
 Signatures 
 63 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. If any of the following risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q occur), our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may vary from period to period, which could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. 
 If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities or are unable to enhance our solutions and develop new solutions that meet those needs and opportunities on a timely or cost-effective basis, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and financial condition may be harmed. 
 If we fail to continue to effectively scale and adapt our platform to meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, our operating results and our business would be harmed. 
 If we are unable to renew existing subscriptions for our IT, security and compliance solutions, sell additional subscriptions for our solutions and attract new customers, our operating results would be harmed. 
 Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products or enhancements to our platform that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future. 
 Our platform, website and internal systems may be subject to intentional disruption or other security incidents that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future sales. 
 Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, revenues may vary from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate and could harm our business. 
 Adverse economic conditions or reduced IT spending may adversely impact our business. 
 Our IT, security and compliance solutions are delivered from 14 shared cloud platforms, and any disruption of service at these facilities would interrupt or delay our ability to deliver our solutions to our customers which could reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. 
 We face competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. 
 If our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities or incorrectly detect vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to continue the expansion of our sales force and sales of our solutions, the growth of our business would be harmed. 
 We rely on third-party channel partners to generate a substantial amount of our revenues, and if we fail to expand and manage our distribution channels, our revenues could decline and our growth prospects could suffer. 
 A significant portion of our customers, channel partners and employees are located outside of the United States, which subjects us to a number of risks associated with conducting international operations, and if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 If the market for cloud solutions for IT, security and compliance does not evolve as we anticipate, our revenues may not grow and our operating results would be harmed. 
 Our business and operations have continued to grow since inception, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results may be negatively affected. 
 A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 Undetected software errors or flaws in our solutions could harm our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our solutions or result in liability. 
 Our solutions could be used to collect and store personal information of our customers employees or customers, and therefore privacy and other data handling concerns could result in additional cost and liability to us or inhibit sales of our solutions. 
 Our solutions contain third-party open source software components, and our failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our solutions. 
 We use third-party software and data that may be difficult to replace or cause errors or failures of our solutions that could lead to lost customers or harm to our reputation and our operating results. 
 Failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and harm our business and operating results. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Qualys, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term marketable securities Property and equipment, net Operating leases - right of use asset Deferred tax assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Noncurrent restricted cash Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenues, current Operating lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Deferred revenues, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Qualys, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Income from operations Other income (expense), net: Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Total other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Qualys, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Net change in unrealized gains on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Qualys, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flow from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Provision for credit losses Loss on non-marketable securities Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized Accretion of discount on marketable securities, net ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities ) Deferred revenues ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flow from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flow from financing activities: Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Payment of acquisition-related holdback ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Qualys, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Qualys, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper U.S. Treasury and government agencies Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Foreign currency forward contracts Total assets Foreign currency forward contracts Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Fair Value (in thousands) Money market funds Commercial paper U.S. Treasury and government agencies Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Foreign currency forward contracts Total assets Foreign currency forward contracts Total liabilities 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 categories during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Total ) Short-term marketable securities: Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Total ) Long-term marketable securities: Corporate bonds ) Asset-backed securities U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Total ) Total ) 
 (1) Excludes cash of million. 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Cash equivalents: (2) Money market funds U.S. Treasury and government agencies Total Short-term marketable securities: Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Total ) Long-term marketable securities: Corporate bonds ) Asset-backed securities ) U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Total ) Total ) 
 (2) Excludes cash of million. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (in thousands) Commercial paper ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The Company considered the extent to which any unrealized losses on its marketable securities were driven by credit risk and other factors, including market risk, and if it is more-likely-than-not that the Company would have to sell the security before the recovery of the amortized cost basis. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unrealized losses related to its marketable securities were due to higher market interest rates compared to when the investments were initiated. The Company does not believe the unrealized losses represent credit risk, and the Company does not intend to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company would be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Thus, no credit loss was recognized for the Company's marketable securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Due after One Year through Five Years Asset-backed securities Total 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million in preferred stock of a privately-held company. The fair value of the investment is not readily available, and there are no quoted market prices for the investment. The Company accounts for the investment at cost less impairment and will measure the investment at fair value when the Company identifies observable price changes. The investment is assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. During the second quarter of 2023, the Company identified an observable price change in the investment and recognized an immaterial unrealized loss in other income (expense), net of the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The investment is included in other noncurrent assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company has not received any dividends from the investment. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 Designated cash flow hedges 
 The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the risk of variability in future cash flow due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation from certain forecasted subscription revenue orders billed in British Pound ("GBP") and Euro ("EUR") and operating expenses incurred in Indian Rupee ("INR"), which are designated as cash flow hedges. Hedge effectiveness is assessed at inception and at each reporting period utilizing regression analysis. Unrealized foreign exchange gains or losses related to those designated cash flow hedge contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") and will be reclassified into revenues or operating expenses, respectively, in the same periods when the hedged transactions are recognized in earnings. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had designated cash flow hedge forward contracts with notional amounts of million, million and Rs. million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had designated cash flow hedge forward contracts with notional amounts of million, million and Rs. million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the amount of net unrealized loss of million before tax on the foreign currency forward contracts for GBP and EUR reported in AOCI is expected to be reclassified into revenue within the next 12 months. As of September 30, 2024 , an immaterial amount of net unrealized loss before tax on the foreign currency forward contracts for INR reported in AOCI is expected to be reclassified into operating expenses within the next 12 months. 
 Non-designated forward contracts 
 The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities, which are not designated as cash flow hedges. Unrealized foreign exchange gain or losses related to the non-designated forward contracts are recorded in other income (expenses), net and offset the foreign exchange gain or loss on the underlying net monetary assets or liabilities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had non-designated forward contracts with notional amounts of million, million, Rs. million, and Canadian Dollar ("C " or "CAD") million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had non-designated forward contracts with notional amounts of million, million, Rs. million, and C million. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments Total Liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedge Foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments Total 
 The Company presents its derivative assets and derivative liabilities at gross fair values in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. However, under the master netting agreements with the respective counterparties of the foreign exchange contracts, subject to applicable requirements, the Company is allowed to net settle transactions of the same currency with a single net amount payable by one party to the other. The potential offset to both assets and liabilities under the right of set-off associated with the Company's foreign currency exchange contracts are immaterial as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The derivatives held by the Company are not subject to any credit contingent features negotiated with its counterparties. The Company is not required to pledge nor is entitled to receive cash collateral related to the above contracts. The counterparties to these derivatives are large, global financial institutions that the Company believes are creditworthy, and therefore, it does not consider the risk of counterparty nonperformance to be material.) ) Other foreign currency transactions gains (losses) ) ) ) Total foreign exchange gains (losses), net ) ) ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3. 
 ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) during the period ) Amount reclassified into income during the period Tax effect ) ) Net change during the period ) Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) during the period ) Amount reclassified into income during the period Tax effect ) ) Net change during the period ) Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) during the period ) ) Amount reclassified into income during the period Tax effect ) Net change during the period ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) during the period ) Amount reclassified into income during the period ) ) Tax effect Net change during the period ) Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) during the period Amount reclassified into income during the period ) ) Tax effect Net change during the period ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) during the period Amount reclassified into income during the period ) ) Tax effect ) ) Net change during the period Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents ) Cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Research and development ) ) ) ) Sales and marketing ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 There was reclassification of AOCI to other income (expense), net related to Available-for-sale debt securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 Computer software Leasehold improvements Scanner appliances Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , physical scanner appliances and other computer equipment that are or will be subject to leases by customers had a net carrying value of million and million, respectively, including assets that had not been placed in service of million and million, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses relating to property and equipment were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were mainly recorded in cost of revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 million and million were recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and million and million were recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which amounts were included in the deferred revenue balances of million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 Revenues allocated to remaining performance obligations represents the transaction price of noncancelable orders for which service has not been performed, which include deferred revenue and the amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenues in future periods from open contracts and excludes unexercised renewals. The Company applied the short-term contract exemption to exclude the remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 From time to time, the Company enters into contracts with customers that extend beyond one year, with certain of its customers electing to pay for more than one year of services upon contract execution. The Company concluded that these contracts did not contain a financing component. 
 Partner Total 
 The Company utilizes partners to enable and accelerate the adoption of its cloud platform by increasing its distribution capabilities and market awareness of its cloud platform as well as by targeting geographic regions outside the reach of its direct sales force. The Company's channel partners maintain relationships with their customers throughout the territories in which they operate and provide their customers with services and third-party solutions to help meet those customers evolving security and compliance requirements. As such, these partners may offer the Company's IT security and compliance solutions in conjunction with one or more of their own products or services and act as a conduit through which the Company can connect with these prospective customers to offer its solutions. For sales involving a channel partner, the channel partner engages with the prospective customer directly and involves the Company's sales team as needed to assist in developing and closing an order. When a channel partner secures a sale, the Company sells the associated subscription to the channel partner who in turn resells the subscription to the customer. Sales to channel partners are made at a discount and revenues are recorded at this discounted price over the subscription terms. The Company does not have any influence or specific knowledge of its partners' selling terms with their customers. See Note 11 , "Segment and Geographic Area Information" for disaggregation of revenue by geographic area. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Noncurrent 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of amortization expense relating to deferred costs to obtain contracts in sales and marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of amortization expense relating to deferred costs to obtain contracts in sales and marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the same periods, there was impairment loss related to the deferred costs to obtain contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of the Company s accounts receivable, current deferred revenues, and noncurrent deferred revenues were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 ) Patent licenses ) Assembled workforce ) Total intangibles subject to amortization ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Total intangible assets, net 
 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Weighted Average Life (Years) Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Developed technology ) Patent licenses ) Assembled workforce ) Total intangibles subject to amortization ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Total intangible assets, net 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million f or the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Intangible asset amortization expenses were primarily recorded in cost of revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 Total expected future amortization expense 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million f or the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and the weighted average discount rate of the Company's operating leases were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 thousand shares were available for grant under the Restated 2012 Plan on the Effective Date. In addition, any outstanding awards or options granted under the previous version of the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan Previous 2012 Plan will be added back to the shares available for grant under the Restated 2012 Plan if they expire unexercised or are otherwise forfeited after the Effective Date. Any remaining shares available for grant under the Previous 2012 Plan as of the Effective Date were no longer available for future grants under the Restated 2012 Plan. 
 On June 12, 2024, the Company's stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to the Restated 2012 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock reserved for issuance by thousand shares. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , thousand shares were available for grant under the Restated 2012 Plan. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 thousand shares were authorized for issuance to eligible participating employees upon adoption of the ESPP. The ESPP provides for consecutive -month offering periods beginning on or about August 16 and February 16 of each year. Eligible employees who elect to participate can contribute from to of their eligible compensation through payroll withholding. During any offering period, contribution rates cannot be changed. However, eligible employees may withdraw from the current offering period. Any contributions made prior to each purchase date in the case of withdrawal or termination of employment will be refunded. On each purchase date, eligible participating employees will purchase the shares at a price per share equal to of the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the Company's stock on the first trading day of the offering period or (ii) the fair market value of the Company's stock on the purchase date (i.e., the last trading day of the offering period). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , thousand shares were issued in connection with the purchase of common stock by participating employees. As of September 30, 2024 , thousand shares were available for future purchases. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options granted under the Restated 2012 Plan and Previous 2012 Plan (collectively, the "Plans") generally vest based on continued service over and expire from the date of grant. 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs granted under the Plans generally only contain a service-based vesting condition that is typically satisfied over . 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units ("PRSUs") granted under the Plans contain both service-based and performance-based vesting conditions. In February 2024, the Company granted PRSUs to its executive officers and certain other members of its senior leadership team. The performance-based vesting condition is satisfied upon the achievement of certain Company annual performance targets, including revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA margin, set by the Compensation and Talent Committee of the board of directors of the Company. The target PRSUs are scheduled to vest in three equal annual installments over a period. Each annual installments at of the annual target will be considered granted when the performance targets for the corresponding performance year is determined and approved. The actual number of the PRSUs earned and eligible to vest ranges from to of the annual target number of PRSUs granted based on the weighted-average achievement of such Company annual performance metrics set for the corresponding annual performance period. The vesting and release of the first and second installment is capped at of the target number at the end of the first and second year, respectively, with cumulative achievement over , if any, to be vested and released at the end of the third year, together with the vesting of the third installment. For PRSUs granted 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Granted (2) Vested ) (3) Forfeited ) (4) Balance as of September 30, 2024 (5) Outstanding and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 (1) Included thousand PRSUs granted to certain executive officers in 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Included thousand PRSUs granted to certain executive officers in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Included thousand PRSUs granted to certain executive officers in 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 (4) Included thousand PRSUs granted to certain executive officers in 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 thousand PRSUs granted to certain executive officers in 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized (1) 
 (1) Total stock-based compensation expense capitalized was de minimis during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Of the total stock-based compensation expense in the table above, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expenses related to all PRSUs of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million f or the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had unrecognized stock-based compensation expenses of million, million, million, and million related to options, RSUs, PRSUs, and ESPP purchase rights, respectively, which are expected to be recognized over weighted-average periods of years, years, years, and years, respectively. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 October 30, 2018 October 30, 2019 May 7, 2020 February 10, 2021 November 3, 2021 May 4, 2022 February 9, 2023 February 7, 2024 Total as of September 30, 2024 
 Shares may be repurchased from time to time on the open market in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, including pursuant to a pre-set trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. All share repurchases have been made using cash resources. Repurchased shares are retired and reclassified as authorized and unissued shares of common stock. On retirement of the repurchased shares, common stock is reduced by an amount equal to the number of shares being retired multiplied by the par value. The excess amount that is retired over its par value is first allocated as a reduction to additional paid-in capital based on the original cost of additional paid-in capital per share of identified issuances. The remaining amount is allocated to accumulated deficit. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased thousand shares and thousand shares of its common stock for approximately million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, approximately million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the Company's share repurchase program. 
 Excise tax on stock repurchases net of issue was immaterial to the Company's financial results and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the Company's financial position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of and , respectively. The increase in income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to the tax effect of an increase in pretax income and a decrease in excess tax benefits arising from stock-based compensation. The increase was partially offset by higher foreign derived intangible income benefit, higher research and development tax credits, and discrete tax adjustments. 
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of and , respectively. The increase in income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to the tax effect of an increase in pretax income. The increase was partially offset by higher foreign derived intangible income benefit, higher research and development tax credits, and discrete tax adjustments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, of which million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company's effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million, of which million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company's effective tax rate. Due to various factors, including uncertainties of administrative and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the timing of the resolution of these unrecognized tax benefits is uncertain. It is possible that within the next twelve months the Company may receive additional tax adjustments that could result in changes to the Company's unrecognized tax benefits related to positions on prior year tax filings. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 segment and has only reportable segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance and allocates resources on a consolidated basis. All of the Company s principal operations and decision-making functions are located in the United States. 
 Foreign Total revenues 
 Long-lived assets, which consist of Property and equipment, net and Operating leases - right of use asset, by geographic area, are as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) United States India Rest of world Total Long-lived Assets 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12. 
 Denominator: Basic weighted average shares Effect of potentially dilutive shares: Stock options Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan Diluted weighted average shares Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan Total anti-dilutive shares 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, should be read in conjunction with (1) our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report, and (2) the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and section titled "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, it is possible to identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipates, believes, contemplates, continue, could, estimates, expects, future, intends, likely, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, seek, should, target, or will, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our financial performance, including our revenues, costs, expenditures, growth rates, operating expenses and ability to generate positive cash flow to fund our operations and sustain profitability; 
 anticipated technology trends, such as the use of cloud solutions; 
 our ability to adapt to changing market conditions; 
 economic and financial conditions, including volatility in foreign exchange rates, inflation concerns, high interest rates, recessionary fears, significant volatility of global markets, reduced spending and extended sales cycles, and geopolitical conflicts; 
 our ability to diversify our sources of revenues, including selling additional solutions to our existing customers and our ability to pursue new customers; 
 the effects of increased competition in our market; 
 our ability to innovate and enhance our cloud solutions and platform and introduce new solutions; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 our anticipated investments in sales and marketing, our infrastructure, new solutions, research and development, and acquisitions; 
 maintaining and expanding our relationships with channel partners; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand and intellectual property; 
 costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel, including sales and marketing personnel; 
 our ability to successfully enter new markets and manage our international expansion; 
 our expectations, assumptions and conclusions related to our income tax provision, our deferred tax assets and our effective tax rate; 
 our expectations regarding the performance of, and our future trading activity with respect to, the marketable securities we hold; 
 our expectations regarding our share repurchase program; and 
 other factors discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in the sections titled Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The results, events and circumstances reflected in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors including those described in Part II, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those discussed in other documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements used herein. We cannot provide assurance that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 We are a leading provider of a cloud-based platform delivering information technology (IT), security and compliance solutions that enable organizations to identify security risks to their IT infrastructures, help protect their IT systems and applications from ever-evolving cyber-attacks and achieve compliance with internal policies and external regulations. Our cloud platform addresses the growing security and compliance complexities and risks that are amplified by the dissolving boundaries between IT infrastructures and web environments, the rapid adoption of cloud computing, containers and serverless IT models, and the proliferation of geographically dispersed IT assets. Our integrated suite of IT, security and compliance solutions delivered on Qualys' Enterprise TruRisk Platform enables our customers to identify and manage their IT and operational technology (OT) assets, collect and analyze large amounts of IT security data, discover and prioritize vulnerabilities, quantify cyber risk exposure, recommend and implement remediation actions and verify the implementation of such actions. Organizations use our integrated suite of solutions to cost-effectively obtain a unified view of their internal and external IT and OT asset inventory as well as security and compliance posture across globally-distributed IT infrastructures as our solution offers a single platform for information technology, information security, application security, endpoint, developer security and cloud teams. 
 We were founded and incorporated in December 1999 with a vision of transforming the way organizations secure and protect their IT infrastructure and applications and initially launched our first cloud solution, Vulnerability Management (VM), in 2000. As VM gained acceptance, we introduced additional solutions to help customers manage increasing IT, security and compliance requirements. Today, the suite of solutions that we offer on our cloud platform and refer to as the Qualys Cloud Apps help our customers detect, measure, prioritize and remediate cyber risk spanning a range of assets across on-premises, endpoints, cloud, containers, and mobile environments. 
 We provide our solutions through a software-as-a-service model, primarily with renewable annual subscriptions. These subscriptions require customers to pay a fee in order to access each of our cloud solutions. We generally invoice our customers for the entire subscription amount at the start of the subscription term, and the invoiced amounts are treated as deferred revenues and are recognized ratably over the term of each subscription. We continue to experience revenue growth from our existing customers as they renew and purchase additional subscriptions, as well as from the addition of new customers to our cloud platform. 
 We market and sell our solutions to enterprises, government entities and small and medium-sized businesses across a broad range of industries, including education, financial services, government, healthcare, insurance, manufacturing, media, retail, technology and utilities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately 59 and 60 , respectively, of our revenues were derived from customers in the United States based on our customers' billing addresses. We sell our solutions to enterprises and government entities primarily through our field sales force and to small and medium-sized businesses through our inside sales force. We generate a significant portion of sales through our channel partners, including managed security service providers, leading cloud providers, value-added resellers and consulting firms in the United States and internationally. 
 Impacts of Current Macroeconomic Environment 
 The uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic factors in the U.S. and globally characterized by the inflationary pressure, high interest rates, significant volatility of global markets, reduced spending and extended sales cycles, and geopolitical conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our long-term business and could lead to further economic disruption and expose us to greater risk as our current and potential customers may reduce or eliminate their overall spending on IT security. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We derive revenues from the sale of subscriptions to our IT, security and compliance solutions, which are delivered on our cloud platform. Subscriptions to our solutions allow customers to access our cloud-based IT, security and compliance solutions through a unified, web-based interface. Customers generally enter into one-year renewable subscriptions. The subscription fee entitles the customer to an unlimited number of scans for a specified number of devices or web applications and, if requested by a customer as part of their subscription, a specified number of physical or virtual scanner appliances. Our physical and virtual scanner appliances are requested by certain customers as part of their subscriptions in order to scan IT infrastructures within their firewalls and do not function without, and are not sold separately from, subscriptions for our solutions. In some cases, we also provide certain computer equipment used to extend our cloud platform into our customers' private cloud environment. Customers are required to return physical scanner appliances and computer equipment if they do not renew their subscriptions. 
 We typically invoice our customers for the entire subscription amount at the start of the subscription term. Invoiced amounts are reflected on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as accounts receivable or as cash when collected, and as deferred revenues until earned and recognized ratably over the subscription period. Accordingly, deferred revenues represent the amount billed to customers that has not yet been earned or recognized as revenues, pursuant to subscriptions entered into in current and prior periods. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues consists primarily of personnel expenses, comprised of salaries, benefits, performance-based compensation and stock-based compensation, for employees who operate our shared cloud platforms and provide support services to our customers. Other expenses include depreciation of shared cloud platform equipment, physical scanner appliances and computer hardware provided to certain customers as part of their subscriptions, expenses related to the use of shared cloud platforms, amortization of software and license fees, amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, maintenance support, fees paid to contractors who supplement or support our operations center personnel and overhead allocations. We expect to continue to expand our shared cloud platform infrastructures and hire additional employees to support our operations, which in turn, is expected to increase the cost of revenues in absolute dollars. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, comprised of salaries, benefits, performance-based compensation and stock-based compensation, for our research and development teams. Other expenses include third-party contractor fees, software and license fees, amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions and overhead allocations. We expect to continue to devote resources to research and development in an effort to continuously improve our existing solutions as well as develop new solutions and capabilities, which in turn, is expected to increase the research and development expenses in absolute dollars. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, comprised of salaries, benefits, sales commissions, performance-based compensation and stock-based compensation for our worldwide sales and marketing teams. Other expenses include marketing and promotional events, lead-generation marketing programs, public relations, travel, software licenses and overhead allocations. Sales commissions related to new business and upsells are capitalized as an asset. We amortize the capitalized commission cost as a selling expense on a straight-line basis over a period of five years. We expense sales commissions related to contract renewals as incurred. Our new sales personnel are typically not immediately productive, and the resulting increase in sales and marketing expenses we incur when we add new personnel may not result in increased revenues if these new sales personnel fail to become productive. The timing of our hiring of sales personnel, or the participation in new marketing events or programs, and the rate at which these generate incremental revenues, may affect our future operating results. We expect to continue to invest in additional sales personnel worldwide and also in more marketing programs to support new solutions on our platform, which in turn, is expected to increase sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, comprised of salaries, benefits, performance-based compensation and stock-based compensation for our executive, finance and accounting, IT, legal and human resources teams, as well as professional services, fees, software licenses and overhead allocations. We expect to continue to add personnel and incur professional services to support our growth and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which in turn, is expected to increase general and administrative expenses in absolute dollars. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Our other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest and returns from our cash equivalent, short-term and long-term marketable securities, non-marketable securities gains and losses, and foreign exchange gains and losses. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 We are subject to federal, state and foreign income taxes for jurisdictions in which we operate, and we use estimates in determining our income tax provision and deferred tax assets. Earnings from our non-U.S. activities are subject to income taxes in the local countries at rates which are generally similar to the U.S. statutory tax rate. We regularly assess the realizability of our net deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2024, valuation allowances remain in certain jurisdictions where we believe it is necessary to see positive evidence, such as sustained achievement of sufficient profits, to meet a more likely than not stance that the valuation allowance should be reversed. The exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance release is subject to change based on the level of profitability achieved in future periods. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of deferred tax assets and a corresponding decrease to income tax expense in the period the release is recorded. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth selected condensed consolidated statements of operations data for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenues: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 100 100 100 100 Cost of revenues 19 19 18 20 Gross profit 81 81 82 80 Operating expenses: Research and development 19 20 19 20 Sales and marketing 21 20 21 19 General and administrative 12 10 11 11 Total operating expenses 52 50 51 50 Income from operations 29 31 31 30 Total other income, net 5 3 4 2 Income before income taxes 34 34 35 32 Income tax provision 4 1 6 5 Net income 30 33 29 27 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Revenues 153,867 141,996 11,871 8 448,380 409,888 38,492 9 
 Revenues increased by 11.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, driven by increased demand for our subscription services by our end customers . Of the total increase of 11.9 million in revenues , 93 was from revenues from customers existing prior to July 1, 2024, and the remaining 7 was from new customers added in the three months ended September 30, 2024. Of the total increase of 11.9 million , 33 was from customers in the United States and the remaining 67 was from customers in foreign countries. Of the total increase of 11.9 million , 10 was from direct customers and the remaining 90 was from partners. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, 53 of total revenue was direct and the remaining 47 was from partners. 
 Revenues increased by 38.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, driven by increased demand for our subscription services by our end customers . Of the total increase of 38.5 million in revenues , 78 was from revenues from customers existing prior to January 1, 2024, and the remaining 22 was from new customers added in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Of the total increase of 38.5 million , 42 was from customers in the United States and the remaining 58 was from customers in foreign countries. Of the total increase of 38.5 million , 20 was from direct customers and the remaining 80 was from partners. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 54 of total revenue was direct and the remaining 46 was from partners. 
 With our strong market position driving further demand for our solutions, we expect revenue growth from new and existing customers to continue. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenues 28,832 26,739 2,093 8 82,445 80,355 2,090 3 
 Cost of revenues increased by 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in shared cloud platform cost of 2.1 million, an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 1.2 million, driven by additional employees hired to support the growth of our business, an increase in professional service expenses and license expenses of 0.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense of 2.1 million resulting from certain of our assets becoming fully depreciated or amortized. 
 Cost of revenues increased by 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in shared cloud platform cost of 3.9 million, an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 3.2 million, driven by additional employees hired to support the growth of our business, an increase in license expenses and professional service expenses of 1.1 million, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense of 6.1 million resulting from certain of our assets becoming fully depreciated or amortized. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development 28,901 27,782 1,119 4 83,550 83,001 549 1 
 Research and development expenses increased by 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, driven by increased headcount. 
 Research and development expenses increased by 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 2.2 million, driven by increased headcount, partially offset by a decrease in overhead allocation of 1.0 million, and a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense in property and equipment of 0.7 million. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 32,686 27,881 4,805 17 94,240 79,750 14,490 18 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 3.7 million, driven by increased headcount, and an increase in travel and entertainment cost and other expenses of 1.1 million. 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 14.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 10.8 million, driven by increased headcount, an increase in marketing expenses related to trade shows of 1.7 million, an increase in travel and entertainment cost of 1.6 million, and an increase in subscribed license and software costs of 0.4 million. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative 18,494 15,999 2,495 16 50,362 45,182 5,180 11 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 1.3 million, driven by increased headcount, annual merit increases and refresh grants to eligible employees and executives, and an increase in subscribed software costs and other expenses of 1.2 million. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses increased by 5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, of 4.5 million, driven by increased headcount, annual merit increases and refresh grants to eligible employees and executives, and an increase in subscribed software costs and other expenses of 0.7 million. 
 Total other income, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Total other income, net 7,369 4,428 2,941 66 18,209 9,459 8,750 93 
 Total other income, net increased by 2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest income of 1.6 million driven by an increase in market interest rates and our investment balance, and an increase in foreign currency gain of 1.3 million. 
 Total other income, net increased by 8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest income of 8.3 million driven by an increase in market interest rates and our investment balance, and a non-recurring unrealized loss of 0.5 million on a non-marketable equity security recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Income tax provision 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Income tax provision 6,111 1,508 4,603 305 26,277 20,057 6,220 31 
 Income tax provision increased by 4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to the tax effect of an increase in pretax income and a decrease in excess tax benefits arising from stock-based compensation. The increase was partially offset by higher foreign derived intangible income benefit, higher research and development tax credits, and discrete tax adjustments. 
 Income tax provision increased by 6.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to the tax effect of an increase in pretax income. The increase was partially offset by higher foreign derived intangible income benefit, higher research and development tax credits, and discrete tax adjustments. 
 For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , our income tax provision was reduced by 4.0 million primarily due to higher foreign derived intangible income benefit and research and development tax credits than previously estimated. The above income tax benefit includes a discrete tax benefit of 2.5 million associated with our U.S. income tax return. 
 
 Key Operating and Non-GAAP Financial Performance Metrics 
 In addition to measures of financial performance presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we monitor the key metrics set forth below to help us evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and assess operational efficiencies. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Net Dollar Expansion Rate 
 We evaluate our ability to retain and grow existing customers by assessing our net dollar expansion rate on a last twelve months, or LTM, basis. This metric is used to appropriately manage resources and customer retention and expansion. We calculate the net dollar expansion rate on a foreign exchange neutral basis by dividing a numerator by a denominator, each defined as follows: 
 Denominator: To calculate our net dollar expansion rate as of the end of a reporting period, we first determine the annual recurring revenue, or ARR, from all active subscriptions as of the last day of the same reporting period in the prior year. This represents recurring payments that we expect to receive in the next 12-month period from the cohort of customers that existed on the last day of the same reporting period in the prior year. 
 Numerator: We measure the ARR for that same cohort of customers representing all active subscriptions as of the end of the reporting period, using the same foreign exchange rate from the prior year. 
 Our net dollar expansion rates were 103 and 106 as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We monitor Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, to analyze our financial results and believe that it is useful to investors, as a supplement to U.S. GAAP measures, in evaluating our ongoing operational performance and enhancing an overall understanding of our past financial performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA helps illustrate underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of the income or expenses that we exclude in Adjusted EBITDA. Furthermore, we use this measure to establish budgets and operational goals for managing our business and evaluating our performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our recurring core business operating results over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net income before (1) other (income) expense, net, which includes interest income, interest expense and other income and expense, (2) income tax provision (benefit), (3) depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, (4) amortization of intangible assets, (5) stock-based compensation and (6) non-recurring expenses that do not reflect ongoing costs of operating the business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for the measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect certain cash and non-cash charges that are recurring; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax payments that reduce cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets, although these are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; and 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently or not at all, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should be considered alongside other financial performance measures, including revenues, net income, cash flows from operating activities and our financial results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The following unaudited table presents the reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Net income 46,212 46,515 129,715 111,002 Net income as a percentage of revenues 30 33 29 27 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 3,670 5,922 12,146 18,824 Amortization of intangible assets 721 772 2,264 2,316 Income tax provision 6,111 1,508 26,277 20,057 Stock-based compensation 20,337 18,522 56,454 50,560 Total other income, net 
 (7,369) (4,428) (18,209) (9,459) Adjusted EBITDA 69,682 68,811 208,647 193,300 Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenues 45 48 47 47 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our principal source of liquidity was cash, cash equivalents and marketable securitie s of 573.0 million, including 122.4 million of cash held outside of the United States. The following summary of cash flows for the periods indicated has been derived from our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 196,372 210,766 Net cash used in investing activities (59,509) (47,499) Net cash used in financing activities (106,598) (128,262) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 30,265 35,005 
 Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated 180.4 million of cash from our net income, as adjusted for non-cash items mainly related to stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense and deferred taxes, as compared to 168.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, we also generated 16.0 million of cash from changes in working capital during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which 26.8 million was related to decreases in accounts receivable and deferred revenue due to the timing of collections and billings, partially offset by a 9.9 million increase in prepaid expenses and a 1.0 million decrease in payables and accrued liabilities primarily driven by the timing of payments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we generated 42.4 million of cash from changes in working capital, of which 40.4 million was attributed to the combination of an increase in deferred revenue and a decrease accounts receivable due to the growth in billing and timing of collections, and a 6.8 million increase in payables and accrued liabilities, partially offset by a 4.8 million increase in prepaid expenses primarily driven by the timing of payments. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 53.0 million of cash for purchases of marketable securities net of sales and maturities, and used 6.5 million of cash in capital expenditures mainly related to purchases of computer equipment to support our growth and development, as compared to 40.2 million of cash for purchases of marketable securities net of sales and maturities, and used 7.3 million of cash in capital expenditures during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 97.2 million of cash for share repurchases, 23.1 million of cash in payment of employee withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock units and 1.5 million payment of cash held in escrow as part of the Blue Hexagon acquisition on October 4, 2022, partially offset by 8.3 million of proceeds from employee exercise of stock options and 6.9 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock through our ESPP, as compared to 147.7 million of cash used for share repurchases, and 15.0 million of cash used in payment of employee withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock units, partially offset by 28.4 million of proceeds from employee exercise of stock options and 6.1 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock through our ESPP during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and our expected cash flow generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months and beyond. If we repatriate funds from our foreign subsidiaries, we could be subject to foreign withholding taxes. 
 Operating lease obligations 
 Our material cash requirements include our operating lease obligations to make payments under our non-cancelable lease agreements for our facilities and shared cloud platforms. We had fixed operating lease payment obligations of 56.8 million as of September 30, 2024, with 13.6 million expected to be paid within the next 12 months. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, other than the changes described above in this section entitled "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no other material changes to our cash requirements for purchase commitments as described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Share Repurchases 
 We expect to continue to use cash to repurchase shares in 2024 under our share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors on February 5, 2018. On February 7, 2024, we announced that our board of directors authorized an additional 200.0 million to the share repurchase program authorization, increasing the total amount of authorized repurchase to 1.2 billion. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 185.7 million remained available under our share repurchase program. Shares will be repurchased from time to time in privately negotiated transactions or on the open market in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, including pursuant to a pre-set trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We have domestic and international operations and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risks, as well as risks relating to changes in the general economic conditions in the countries where we conduct business. To reduce certain of these risks, we monitor the financial condition of our large customers and limit credit exposure by collecting subscription fees in advance. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our results of operations and cash flows have been and will continue to be subject to fluctuations because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and the EUR, GBP, INR and CAD , the currencies of countries where we currently have our most significant international operations. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations related to forecasted subscription revenue, operating expenses and foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, we had designated cash flow hedge forward contracts with notional amounts of 46.4 million , 18.0 million and Rs. 4,273.0 million and non-designated forward contracts with notional amounts of 12.5 million , 5.1 million, Rs.1,208.0 million and C 1.2 million . With our hedging strategy applied, the effect of an immediate 10 adverse change in foreign exchange rates would not be material to our financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 We had 573.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024. Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are held in money market funds, fixed-income U.S. Treasury and government agency securities, commercial paper, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of principal and support of our liquidity requirements. We do not invest for trading or speculative purposes. Our marketable securities a re subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates, which may affect the interest income we earn and the fair market value of our securities. As of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rate would not result in a material decrease in the fair value of our marketable securities. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time the Company may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. As of September 30, 2024, there has not been at least a reasonable possibility that the Company has incurred a material loss from any ongoing legal proceedings, individually or taken together. However, litigation is inherently unpredictable and is subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Company's control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, the Company could incur significant charges related to legal matters which could have a material impact on its results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, and all other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks and uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. In addition, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. Our business, operating results, financial performance or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may vary from period to period, which could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. 
 Our operating results have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 the level of demand for our solutions, from both existing and new customers; 
 the extent to which customers subscribe for additional solutions; 
 changes in customer renewals of our solutions; 
 timing of deals signed within the applicable fiscal period; 
 seasonal buying patterns of our customers; 
 timely invoicing or changes in billing terms of customers; 
 the length of our sales cycle for our products and services; 
 price competition; 
 the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors or any other changes in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors; 
 the introduction or adoption of new technologies that compete with our solutions; 
 decisions by potential customers to purchase IT, security and compliance products or services from other vendors; 
 general economic conditions, both domestically and in the foreign markets in which we sell our solutions; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 changes in the growth rate of the IT, security and compliance market; 
 actual or perceived security breaches and incidents, technical difficulties or interruptions with our service; 
 failure of our products and services to operate as designed; 
 publicity regarding security breaches and incidents generally and the level of perceived threats to IT security; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 the announcement or adoption of new regulations and policy mandates or changes to existing regulations and policy mandates; 
 the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business; 
 pace and cost of hiring employees; 
 expenses associated with our existing and new products and services; 
 the timing of sales commissions relative to the recognition of revenues; 
 insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our customers, affecting their ability to purchase or pay for our solutions; 
 our ability to integrate any products or services that we have acquired or may acquire in the future into our product suite or migrate existing customers of any companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future to our products and services; 
 future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; 
 our effective tax rate, changes in tax rules, tax effects of infrequent or unusual transactions, and tax audit settlements; 
 the amount and timing of income tax that we recognize resulting from stock-based compensation; 
 the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition of technologies, services or businesses; and 
 potential goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges associated with acquired businesses. 
 Further, the interpretation and application of international laws and regulations in many cases is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations in foreign jurisdictions are subject to frequent and unexpected changes, including the potential for various regulatory or other governmental bodies to enact new or additional laws or regulations or to issue rulings that invalidate prior laws or regulations. 
 Each factor above or discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or the cumulative effect of some of these factors may result in fluctuations in our operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results, or those of securities analysts or investors, for a particular period. In addition, a significant percentage of our operating expenses are fixed in nature and based on forecasted trends in revenues. Accordingly, in the event of shortfalls in revenues, we are generally unable to mitigate the negative impact on margins in the short term by reducing our operating expenses. If we fail to meet or exceed expectations for our operating results for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our common stock could fall and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities or are unable to enhance our solutions and develop new solutions that meet those needs and opportunities on a timely or cost-effective basis, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and financial condition may be harmed. 
 The IT, security and compliance market is characterized by rapid technological advances, customer price sensitivity, short product and service life cycles, intense competition, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards and regulatory mandates. Any of these factors could create downward pressure on pricing and gross margins, and could adversely affect our renewal rates, as well as our ability to attract new customers. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance existing solutions, introduce new solutions on a timely and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards and business models. We must also continually change and improve our solutions in response to changes in operating systems, application software, computer and communications hardware, networking software, shared cloud platform infrastructures, programming tools and computer language technology. 
 We may not be able to anticipate future market needs and opportunities or develop enhancements or new solutions to meet such needs or opportunities in a timely manner or at all. The market for cloud solutions for IT, security and compliance continues to evolve, and it is uncertain whether our new solutions will gain market acceptance. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our solution enhancements or new solutions could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 
 failure to timely meet market demand for product functionality; 
 inability to identify and provide intelligence regarding the attacks or techniques used by cyber-attackers; 
 inability to inter-operate effectively with the database technologies, file systems or web applications of our prospective customers; 
 defects, errors or failures; 
 delays in releasing our enhancements or new solutions; 
 negative publicity about their performance or effectiveness; 
 introduction or anticipated introduction of products by our competitors; 
 poor business conditions, causing customers to delay IT, security and compliance purchases; 
 easing or changing of external regulations related to IT, security and compliance; and 
 reluctance of customers to purchase cloud solutions for IT, security and compliance. 
 Furthermore, diversifying our solutions and expanding into new IT, security and compliance markets will require significant investment and planning, require that our research and development and sales and marketing organizations develop expertise in these new markets, bring us more directly into competition with IT, security compliance providers that may be better established or have greater resources than we do, require additional investment of time and resources in the development and training of our channel partners and entail significant risk of failure. 
 If we fail to anticipate market requirements or fail to develop and introduce solution enhancements or new solutions to satisfy those requirements in a timely manner, such failure could substantially decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future solutions and cause us to lose existing customers or fail to gain new customers, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to continue to effectively scale and adapt our platform to meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, our operating results and our business would be harmed. 
 Our future growth depends to a significant extent on our ability to continue to meet the expanding needs of our customers as their use of our cloud platform grows. As these customers gain more experience with our solutions, the number of users and the number of locations where our solutions are being accessed may expand rapidly in the future. In order to ensure that we meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, we intend to continue to make significant investments to develop and implement new proprietary and third-party technologies at all levels of our cloud platform. These technologies, which include databases, applications and server optimizations, and network and hosting strategies, are often complex, new and unproven. We may not be successful in developing or implementing these technologies. To the extent that we do not effectively scale our platform to maintain performance as our customers expand their use of our platform, our operating results and our business may be harmed. 
 If we are unable to renew existing subscriptions for our IT, security and compliance solutions, sell additional subscriptions for our solutions and attract new customers, our operating results would be harmed. 
 We offer our cloud platform and integrated suite of solutions pursuant to a software-as-a-service model, and our customers purchase subscriptions from us that are generally one year in length. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after their subscription period expires, and they may not renew their subscriptions at the same or higher levels or at all. As a result, our ability to grow depends in part on customers renewing their existing subscriptions and purchasing additional subscriptions and solutions. Our customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions to our solutions or purchase additional solutions due to a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our solutions, the prices of our solutions, the prices of products or services offered by our competitors, reductions in our customers spending levels due to the macroeconomic environment or other factors. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions to our solutions, renew on less favorable terms, or do not purchase additional solutions or subscriptions, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our operating results would be harmed. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our future growth depends in part upon increasing our customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues in the future will depend, in large part, upon continually attracting new customers and obtaining subscription renewals to our solutions from those customers. If we fail to attract new customers, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected and our operating results would be harmed. 
 Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products or enhancements to our platform that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future. 
 We must continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our research and development efforts if we are to maintain our competitive position. However, developing products and enhancements to our platform is expensive and time consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable products or enhancements to our platform, design improvements, cost savings, revenue or other expected benefits. If we spend significant resources on research and development and are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our platform, website and internal systems may be subject to intentional disruption or other security incidents that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future sales. 
 We and our service providers face threats from a variety of sources, including attacks on our networks and systems from numerous sources, including traditional hackers, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors, other sources of malicious code (such as viruses and worms), ransomware, social engineering, denial of service attacks, and phishing attempts. We and our service providers could be a target of cyber-attacks or other malfeasance designed to impede the performance of our solutions, penetrate our network security or the security of our cloud platform or our internal systems, misappropriate proprietary information and/or cause interruptions to our services. We and our service providers have experienced and may continue to experience security incidents and attacks of varying degrees from time to time. We have incurred costs to respond to such incidents and may continue to incur costs to support our efforts to enhance our security measures. Additionally, due to political uncertainty and military actions in parts of Eastern Europe and the Middle East, we and our service providers are vulnerable to heightened risks of cybersecurity incidents and security and privacy breaches from or affiliated with nation-state actors, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems, operations and services. 
 Our solutions, platforms, and system, and those of our service providers, are subject to security incidents as a result of technical and non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent acts or omissions by our employees or service providers. With the increase in personnel working remotely, at least part-time in our case, we and our service providers are at increased risk for security breaches and incidents. We have taken and intend to continue to take steps to monitor and enhance the security of our solutions, cloud platform, and other relevant systems, IT infrastructure, networks, and data; however, the unprecedented scale of remote work may require additional personnel and resources, which nevertheless cannot be guaranteed to fully safeguard our solutions, our cloud platform, or any systems, IT infrastructure networks, or data upon which we rely. Further, because our operations involve providing IT security solutions to our customers, we are targeted for cyber-attacks and other security incidents. A breach in or incident impacting our data security, an attack against our service availability, or any breach, incident, or attack impacting our third-party service providers, could impact our networks or networks secured by our solutions, creating system disruptions or slowdowns and exploiting security vulnerabilities of our solutions, and the information stored on our networks or those of our third-party service providers could be accessed, used, publicly disclosed, altered, lost, or stolen, which could subject us to liability and cause us financial harm. If an actual or perceived disruption in the availability of our solutions or the breach or other compromise of our security measures or those of our service providers occurs, it could adversely affect the market perception of our solutions, result in a loss of competitive advantage, have a negative impact on our reputation, or result in the loss of customers, channel partners and sales, and it may expose us to the loss, unavailability or alteration of information, claims, demands and litigation, regulatory investigations, actions and other proceedings and possible liability. Any such actual or perceived security breach or incident or disruption could also divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. We and our service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying and responding to any security breach or incident. We also may incur significant costs and operational consequences of investigating, remediating, eliminating and putting in place additional tools and devices designed to prevent actual or perceived security incidents, as well as costs to respond to and otherwise address any breach or incident, including any to comply with any notification obligations resulting from any security incidents. In addition, any such actual or perceived security breach or incident could impair our ability to operate our business and provide solutions to our customers. If this happens, our reputation could be harmed, our revenues could decline and our business could suffer. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Although we maintain insurance coverage that may be applicable to certain liabilities in the event of a security breach or other security incident, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities that actually are incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results and reputation. 
 Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, revenues may vary from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate and could harm our business. 
 The timing of sales of subscriptions for our solutions can be difficult to forecast because of the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle, particularly with large transactions and in the current macroeconomic environment. We sell subscriptions to our IT, security and compliance solutions primarily to IT departments that are managing a growing set of user and compliance demands, which has increased the complexity of customer requirements to be met and confirmed during the sales cycle and prolonged our sales cycle. Further, the length of time that potential customers devote to their testing and evaluation, contract negotiation and budgeting processes varies significantly, which has also made our sales cycle long and unpredictable. The length of the sales cycle for our solutions typically ranges from six to twelve months but can be more than eighteen months. In addition, we might devote substantial time and effort to a particular unsuccessful sales effort, and as a result we could lose other sales opportunities or incur expenses that are not offset by an increase in revenues, which could harm our business. 
 Adverse economic conditions or reduced IT spending may adversely impact our business. 
 Our business depends to a significant extent on the overall demand for IT and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. Economic weakness, customer financial difficulties, change in interest rates, inflationary pressures and potential for a recession, and constrained spending on IT security, as well as longer sales cycles, which factors we have experienced in 2023 and into 2024, have resulted and may in the future result in decreased revenue and earnings. In addition, continued governmental budgetary challenges in the United States and Europe, inflationary pressures and potential for a recession, and geopolitical turmoil in many parts of the world, including the ongoing military conflicts in parts of Eastern Europe and the Middle East, and other disruptions to global and regional economies and markets in many parts of the world, as well as uncertainties related to changes in public policies such as domestic and international regulations, taxes or international trade agreements, have and may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions and overall spending on IT security and may further increase inflation, both in the U.S. and globally, which could increase our operating costs in the future and reduce overall spending on IT security. General economic weakness may also lead to longer collection cycles for payments due from our customers, an increase in customer bad debt, restructuring initiatives and associated expenses, and impairment of investments. Furthermore, the continued weakness and uncertainty in worldwide credit markets, including the sovereign debt situation in certain countries in the European Union, may adversely impact our European operations, as well as our current and potential customers' available budgetary spending, which could lead to delays or reductions in planned purchases of our solutions. 
 Uncertainty about future economic conditions also makes it difficult to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. Future or continued economic weakness for us or our customers, failure of our customers and markets to recover from such weakness, customer financial difficulties, and reductions in spending on IT security could have a material adverse effect on demand for our platform and consequently on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Our IT, security and compliance solutions are delivered from 14 shared cloud platforms , and any disruption of service at these facilities would interrupt or delay our ability to deliver our solutions to our customers which could reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. 
 We currently host substantially all of our solutions from third-party shared cloud platforms located in the United States, Canada, Switzerland, the Netherlands, United Arab Emirates, Australia, United Kingdom, Italy, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and India. These facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, employee negligence, power losses, telecommunications failures and similar events. The facilities also could be subjec t to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. The occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism or misconduct, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in interruptions in our services. 
 Some of our shared cloud platforms are not currently redundant and we may not be able to rapidly move our customers from one shared cloud platform to another, which may increase delays in the restoration of our service for our customers if an adverse event occurs. We have added shared cloud platforms to provide additional capacity and to enable disaster recovery. We continue to build out these facilities; however, these additional facilities may not be operational in the anticipated time-frame and we may incur unplanned expenses. 
 Additionally, our existing shared cloud platform providers have no obligations to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreements with the facilities providers on commercially reasonable terms or if in the future we add additional shared cloud platform providers, we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the loss of an existing facility or the transfer to, or addition of, new facilities. 
 Any disruptions or other performance problems with our solutions could harm our reputation and business and may damage our customers businesses. Interruptions in our service delivery might reduce our revenues, cause us to issue credits to customers, subject us to potential liability and cause customers to terminate their subscriptions or not renew their subscriptions. 
 We face competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. 
 We compete with a large range of established and emerging vulnerability management vendors, compliance vendors and data security vendors in a highly fragmented and competitive environment. We face significant competition for each of our solutions from companies with broad product suites and greater name recognition and resources than we have, as well as from small companies focused on specialized security solutions. 
 We compete with large and small public companies, such as Broadcom (Symantec Enterprise Security), CrowdStrike, Palo Alto Networks, Rapid7, Tenable Holdings, as well as privately held security providers including Axonius, Checkmarx, Flexera, Invicti, Ivanti, Tanium, HelpSystems (Tripwire), Trustwave Holdings, Veracode and Wiz. We also seek to replace IT, security and compliance solutions that organizations have developed internally. As we continue to extend our cloud platform s functionality by further developing IT, security and compliance solutions, such as Cybersecurity Asset Management and Patch Management, we expect to face additional competition in these new markets. Our competitors may also attempt to further expand their presence in the IT, security and compliance market and compete more directly against one or more of our solutions. 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors affecting our markets include product functionality, breadth of offerings, flexibility of delivery models, ease of deployment and use, total cost of ownership, scalability and performance, customer support and the extensibility of our platform. Many of our existing and potential competitors have competitive advantages, including: 
 greater brand name recognition; 
 larger sales and marketing budgets and resources; 
 broader distribution networks and more established relationships with distributors and customers; 
 access to larger customer bases; 
 greater customer support resources; 
 greater resources to make acquisitions; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 greater resources to develop and introduce products that compete with our solutions; 
 greater resources to meet relevant regulatory requirements; and 
 substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. 
 As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our service and new market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. 
 In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader product offerings and can bundle competing products and services with other software offerings. As a result, customers may choose a bundled product offering from our competitors, even if individual products have more limited functionality than our solutions. These competitors may also offer their products at a lower price as part of this larger sale, which could increase pricing pressure on our solutions and cause the average sales price for our solutions to decline. These larger competitors are also often in a better position to withstand any significant reduction in capital spending and will therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns. 
 Furthermore, our current and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and product and services offerings in the markets we address. In addition, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources. As a result of such relationships and acquisitions, our current or potential competitors might be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs, devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of other opportunities more readily or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors. 
 The sales prices of our solutions are subject to competitive pressures and may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely impact our financial results. 
 The sales prices for our solutions may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, a change in our mix of solutions and subscriptions, anticipation of the introduction of new solutions or subscriptions, or promotional programs. Competition continues to increase in the market segments in which we participate, and we expect competition to further increase in the future, thereby leading to increased pricing pressures. Larger competitors with more diverse product and service offerings may reduce the price of products or subscriptions that compete with ours or may bundle them with other products and subscriptions. Additionally, although we price our products and subscriptions worldwide in U.S. Dollars, Euros, British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Japanese Yen and Indian Rupee, currency fluctuations in certain countries and regions may negatively impact actual prices that partners and customers are willing to pay in those countries and regions, or the effective prices we realize in our reporting currency. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in developing and introducing new offerings with enhanced functionality on a timely basis, or that our new product and subscription offerings, if introduced, will enable us to maintain our prices and gross profits at levels that will allow us to maintain positive gross margins and profitability. 
 If our solutions fail to help our customers achieve and maintain compliance with regulations and industry standards, our revenues and operating results could be harmed. 
 We generate a portion of our revenues from solutions that help organizations achieve and maintain compliance with regulations and industry standards. For example, many of our customers subscribe to our IT, security and compliance solutions to help them comply with the security standards developed and maintained by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, or the PCI Council, which apply to companies that store cardholder data. Industry organizations like the PCI Council may significantly change their security standards with little or no notice, including changes that could make their standards more or less onerous for businesses. Governments may also adopt new laws or regulations, or make changes to existing laws or regulations, which could impact the demand for or value of our solutions. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to adapt our solutions to changing regulatory standards in a timely manner, or if our solutions fail to assist with or expedite our customers compliance initiatives, our customers may lose confidence in our solutions and could switch to products offered by our competitors. In addition, if regulations and standards related to data security, vulnerability management and other IT, security and compliance requirements are relaxed or the penalties for non-compliance are changed in a manner that makes them less onerous, our customers may view government and industry regulatory compliance as less critical to their businesses, and our customers may be less willing to purchase our solutions. In any of these cases, our revenues and operating results could be harmed. 
 If our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities or incorrectly detect vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities in our customers IT infrastructures, or if our solutions fail to identify and respond to new and increasingly complex methods of attacks, our business and reputation may suffer. There is no guarantee that our solutions will detect all vulnerabilities. Additionally, our IT, security and compliance solutions may falsely detect vulnerabilities or threats that do not actually exist. For example, some of our solutions rely on information on attack sources aggregated from third-party data providers who monitor global malicious activity originating from a variety of sources, including anonymous proxies, specific IP addresses, botnets and phishing sites. If the information from these data providers is inaccurate, the potential for false indications of security vulnerabilities increases. These false positives, while typical in the industry, may impair the perceived reliability or usability of our solutions and may therefore adversely impact market acceptance of our solutions and could result in negative publicity, loss of customers and sales, increased costs to remedy any incorrect information or problem, or claims by aggrieved parties. Similar issues may be generated by the misuse of our tools to identify and exploit vulnerabilities. 
 Further, our solutions sometimes are tested against other security products, and may fail to perform as effectively, or to be perceived as performing as effectively, as competitive products for any number of reasons, including misconfiguration. To the extent current or potential customers, channel partners, or others believe there has been an occurrence of an actual or perceived failure of our solutions to detect a vulnerability or otherwise to function as effectively as competitive products in any particular test, or indicates our solutions do not provide significant value, our business, competitive position, and reputation could be harmed. 
 In addition, our solutions do not currently extend to cover all mobile and personal devices that employees may bring into an organization. As such, our solutions would not identify or address vulnerabilities in all mobile and personal devices, and our customers IT infrastructures may be compromised by attacks that infiltrate their networks through such devices. 
 An actual or perceived security breach or incident or loss, theft, unavailability or other compromise of the sensitive data of one of our customers, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to the failure of our solutions, could adversely affect the market s perception of our security solutions. 
 If we are unable to continue the expansion of our sales force, sales of our solutions and the growth of our business would be harmed. 
 We believe that our growth will depend, to a significant extent, on our success in recruiting and retaining a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel and their ability to obtain new customers, manage our existing customer base and expand the sales of our newer solutions. We plan to continue to expand our sales force and invest in our sales and marketing activities. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as we would like, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the future in the competitive markets where we do business. Competition for highly skilled personnel is frequently intense and we may not be able to compete for these employees. If we are unable to recruit and retain a sufficient number of productive sales personnel, sales of our solutions and the growth of our business may be harmed. Additionally, if our efforts do not result in increased revenues, our operating results could be negatively impacted due to the upfront operating expenses associated with expanding our sales force. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third-party channel partners to generate a substantial amount of our revenues, and if we fail to expand and manage our distribution channels, our revenues could decline and our growth prospects could suffer. 
 Our success significantly depends to a significant extent on establishing and maintaining relationships with a variety of channel partners and we anticipate that we will continue to depend on these partners in order to grow our business. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we derived approximately 46 of our revenues from sales of subscriptions for our solutions through channel partners, and the percentage of revenues derived from channel partners may increase in future periods. Our agreements with our channel partners are generally non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or offering competing solutions, and many of our channel partners have more established relationships with our competitors. If our channel partners choose to place greater emphasis on products of their own or those offered by our competitors, do not effectively market and sell our solutions, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, then our ability to grow our business and sell our solutions may be adversely affected. In addition, the loss of one or more of our larger channel partners, who may cease marketing our solutions with limited or no notice, and our possible inability to replace them, could adversely affect our sales. Moreover, our ability to expand our distribution channels depends in part on our ability to educate our channel partners about our solutions, which can be complex. Our failure to recruit additional channel partners, or any reduction or delay in their sales of our solutions or conflicts between channel sales and our direct sales and marketing activities may harm our results of operations. Even if we are successful, these relationships may not result in greater customer usage of our solutions or increased revenues. 
 In addition, the financial health of our channel partners and our continuing relationships with them are important to our success. Some of these channel partners may be unable to withstand adverse changes in economic conditions, which could result in insolvency and/or the inability of such distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and services. In addition, weakness in the end-user market could negatively affect the cash flows of our channel partners who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure. Our business could be harmed if the financial condition of some of these channel partners substantially weakened and we were unable to timely secure replacement channel partners. 
 A significant portion of our customers, channel partners and employees are located outside of the United States, which subjects us to a number of risks associated with conducting international operations, and if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 We market and sell subscriptions to our solutions throughout the world and have personnel in many parts of the world. In addition, we have sales offices and research and development facilities outside the United States and we conduct, and expect to continue to conduct, a significant amount of our business with organizations that are located outside the United States, particularly in Europe and Asia. Therefore, we are subject to risks associated with having international sales and worldwide operations, including: 
 foreign currency exchange fluctuations; 
 trade and foreign exchange restrictions; 
 economic or political instability in foreign markets, including as a result of increasing tensions between India and China; 
 greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 
 changes in regulatory requirements; 
 tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 the uncertainty and limitation of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 costs of compliance with foreign laws and regulations and the risks and costs of non-compliance with such laws and regulations; 
 costs of complying with U.S. laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell our solutions in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, and irregularities in, financial statements; 
 the potential for political unrest, acts of terrorism, hostilities or war; 
 management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural differences and geographic dispersion; and 
 multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures. 
 Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks. 
 Our business, including the sales of subscriptions of our solutions, may be subject to foreign governmental regulations, which vary substantially from country to country and change from time to time. Failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. Further, in many foreign countries it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, channel partners and agents have complied or will comply with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners or agents could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial reporting misstatements, fines, penalties or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our solutions and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully manage the challenges of international operations, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, as of September 30, 2024, approximately 76 of our employees were located outside of the United States, with 68 of our employees located in Pune, India. Accordingly, we are exposed to changes in laws governing our employee relationships in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, including laws and regulations regarding wage and hour requirements, fair labor standards, employee data privacy, unemployment tax rates, workers compensation rates, citizenship requirements and payroll and other taxes which may have a direct impact on our operating costs. We may continue to expand our international operations and international sales and marketing activities. Expansion in international markets has required, and will continue to require, significant management attention and resources. We may be unable to scal e our infrastructure effectively or as quickly as our competitors in these markets and our revenues may not increase to offset any increased costs and operating expenses, which would cause our results to suffer. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and we generate a majority of our revenues in U.S. dollars. However, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred approximately 27 of our expenses in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, British Pound, and Indian Rupee, principally with respect to salaries and related personnel expenses associated with our European and Indian operations. Additionally, for th e nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 25 of our revenue s were generated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. We expect that a majority of our revenues will continue to be generated in U.S. dollars for the foreseeable future and that a significant portion of our expenses, including personnel costs, as well as capital and operating expenditures, will continue to be denominated in the Euro, British Pound and Indian Rupee. The result of our operations may be adversely affected by foreign exchange fluctuations. 
 We use derivative financial instruments to reduce our foreign currency exchange risks. We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of certain non-U.S. dollar denominated net asset positions, to date primarily cash, accounts receivable and operating lease liabilities (non-designated), as well as to manage foreign currency fluctuation risk related to forecasted transactions (designated). However, we may not be able to purchase derivative instruments that are adequate to insulate ourselves from foreign currency exchange risks. Additionally, our hedging activities may contribute to increased losses as a result of volatility in foreign currency markets. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 If the market for cloud solutions for IT, security and compliance does not evolve as we anticipate, our revenues may not grow and our operating results would be harmed. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent on the willingness of organizations to increase their use of cloud solutions for their IT, security and compliance. Some organizations may be reluctant to use cloud solutions because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the reliability or security of the technology delivery model associated with these solutions. If other cloud service providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in service delivery or other problems, the market for cloud solutions as a whole, including our solutions, may be negatively impacted. Moreover, organizations that have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate on-premise software into their businesses may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to a cloud solution. Organizations that use on-premise security products, such as network firewalls, security information and event management products or data loss prevention solutions, may also believe that these products sufficiently protect their IT infrastructure and deliver adequate security. Therefore, they may continue spending their IT security budgets on these products and may not adopt our IT, security and compliance solutions in addition to or as a replacement for such products. 
 If customers do not recognize the benefits of our cloud solutions over traditional on-premise enterprise software products, and as a result we are unable to increase sales of subscriptions to our solutions, then our revenues may not grow or may decline, and our operating results would be harmed. 
 Our business and operations have continued to grow since inception, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results may be negatively affected. 
 We have continued to grow over the last several years, with revenues increasing from 411.2 million in 2021 to 554.5 million in 2023, and headcount increasing from 1,498 employees at the beginning of 2021 to 2,378 employees as of September 30, 2024 . We rely on information technology systems to help manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition and financial forecasts. To manage any future growth effectively we must continue to improve and expand our IT systems, financial infrastructure, and operating and administrative systems and controls, and continue to manage headcount, capital and processes in an efficient manner. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to these systems and processes in a timely or efficient manner. 
 Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended manner, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenues, expenses and earnings, or to prevent certain losses. In addition, as we continue to grow, our productivity and the quality of our solutions may also be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and effectively. Any future growth would add complexity to our organization and require effective coordination across our organization. Failure to manage any future growth effectively could result in increased costs, harm our results of operations and lead to investors losing confidence in our internal systems and processes. 
 We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our future performance depends to a significant extent on the continued services and continuing contributions of our senior management and other key employees, to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. We do not maintain key-man insurance for any member of our senior management team. Our senior management and key employees are generally employed on an at-will basis, which means that they could terminate their employment with us at any time. From time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team resulting from the termination or departure of executives. The loss of the services of our senior management or other key employees for any reason could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business may suffer. 
 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly in engineering and sales, may seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any of our employees may terminate their employment at any time. Competition for highly skilled personnel is frequently intense, especially within our industry, and we may not be able to compete for such personnel. 
 We are required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) to recognize compensation expense in our operating results for employee stock-based compensation under our equity grant programs, which may negatively impact our operating results and may increase the pressure to limit stock-based compensation that we might otherwise offer to current or potential employees, thereby potentially harming our ability to attract or retain highly skilled personnel. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or divulged proprietary or other confidential information, which could result in a diversion of management's time and our resources. 
 A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 Government entities have historically been particularly concerned about adopting cloud-based solutions for their operations, including security solutions, and increasing sales of subscriptions for our solutions to government entities may be more challenging than selling to commercial organizations. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will win a sale. We have invested in the creation of a cloud offering certified under the Federal Information Security Management Act for government usage but we cannot be sure that we will continue to sustain or renew this certification, that the government will continue to mandate such certification or that other government agencies or entities will use this cloud offering. Government demand and payment for our solutions may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our solutions. Government entities may have contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our channel partners for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our future results of operations. Governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our solutions, a reduction of revenues or fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities. Any such penalties could adversely impact our results of operations in a material way. 
 Our success in acquiring and integrating other businesses, products or technologies could impact our financial position. 
 In order to remain competitive, we have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire additional businesses, products, services or technologies. For example, we acquired certain intellectual property of TotalCloud on August 19, 2021 and certain assets of Blue Hexagon on October 4, 2022. The environment for acquisitions in our industry is very competitive and acquisition candidate purchase prices may exceed what we would prefer to pay. Moreover, achieving the anticipated benefits of past and future acquisitions will depend in part upon whether we can integrate acquired operations, products and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner, and even if we achieve benefits from acquisitions, such acquisitions may still be viewed negatively by customers, financial markets or investors. The acquisition and integration process is complex, expensive and time-consuming, and may cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, product development and sales activities and operations of both companies, as well as divert the attention of management, and we may incur substantial cost and expense. We may issue equity securities which could dilute current stockholders ownership, incur debt, assume contingent or other liabilities and expend cash in acquisitions, which could negatively impact our financial position, stockholder equity and stock price. We may not find suitable acquisition candidates, and acquisitions we complete may be unsuccessful. If we consummate a transaction, we may be unable to integrate and manage acquired products and businesses effectively or retain key personnel. If we are unable to effectively execute acquisitions, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on software-as-a-service vendors to operate certain functions of our business and any failure of such vendors to provide services to us could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We rely on third-party software-as-a-service vendors to operate certain critical functions of our business, including financial management and human resource management. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted and our processes for managing sales of our solutions and supporting our customers could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and integrated, all of which could harm our business. 
 Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our solutions could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business and reputation. 
 If our customers are unable to implement our solutions successfully, customer perceptions of our platform and solutions may be impaired or our reputation and brand may suffer. Our customers have in the past inadvertently misused our solutions, which triggered downtime in their internal infrastructure until the problem was resolved. Additionally, any failure to implement and configure our solutions correctly may result in our solutions failing to detect vulnerabilities or compliance issues, or otherwise to perform effectively, and may result in disruptions to our customers IT environments and businesses. Any misuse of our solutions, including any failure to implement and configure them appropriately, could result in disruption to our customers businesses, customer dissatisfaction, negative impacts on the perceived reliability or effectiveness of our solutions, and claims and litigation, and may result in negative press coverage, negative effects on our reputation and competitive position, a loss of sales, customers, and channel partners, and harm our financial results. 
 We recognize revenues from subscriptions over the term of the relevant service period, and therefore any decreases or increases in bookings are not immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 We recognize revenues from subscriptions over the term of the relevant service period, which is typically one year. As a result, most of our reported revenues in each quarter are derived from the recognition of deferred revenues relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a shortfall in demand for our solutions in any period may not significantly reduce our revenues for that period, but could negatively affect revenues in future periods. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in bookings may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. We may be unable to adjust our costs and expenses to compensate for such a potential shortfall in revenues. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional bookings in any period, as revenues are recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism. 
 A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or a flood, or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our operations are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, natural disasters could affect our business partners ability to perform services for us on a timely basis. In the event we or our business partners are hindered by any of the events discussed above, our ability to provide our solutions to customers could be delayed, resulting in our missing financial targets, such as revenues and net income, for a particular quarter. Further, if a natural disaster occurs in a region from which we derive a significant portion of our revenues, customers in that region may delay or forego subscriptions of our solutions, which may materially and adversely impact our results of operations for a particular period. In addition, war, acts of terrorism, pandemics or other health emergencies, or responses to these events could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our business partners, customers or the economy as a whole. All of the aforementioned risks may be exacerbated if the disaster recovery plans for us and our suppliers prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above results in delays of customer subscriptions or commercialization of our solutions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters 
 Undetected software errors or flaws in our solutions could harm our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our solutions or result in liability. 
 Our solutions may contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or as new versions are released. We have experienced these errors or defects in the past in connection with new solutions and solution upgrades and we expect that these errors or defects will be found from time to time in the future in new or enhanced solutions after commercial release of these solutions. Since our customers use our solutions for IT, security and compliance reasons, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our solutions, or any other failure of our solutions to detect vulnerabilities or compliance problems or otherwise to perform effectively, may result in disruptions or damage to the business of our customers, including security breaches or compliance failures. Additionally, any such issues, or the perception that they have occurred, whether or not relating to any actual or perceived error or defect in our solutions, could hurt our reputation and competitive position and we may incur significant costs, the attention of key personnel could be diverted, our customers may delay or withhold payment to us or elect not to renew, we could face a loss of sales, customers, and channel partners, and other significant problems with our relationships with customers and channel partners may arise. We may also be subject to liability claims for damages related to actual or perceived errors or defects in our solutions. A material liability claim or other occurrence that harms our reputation or decreases market acceptance of our solutions may harm our business, competitive and financial position, and operating results. 
 Although we maintain insurance coverage that may be applicable to certain liabilities in connection with these matters, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities that actually are incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results and reputation. 
 Our solutions could be used to collect and store personal information of our customers employees or customers, and therefore privacy and other data handling concerns could result in additional cost and liability to us or inhibit sales of our solutions. 
 We collect certain personal information of our customers in connection with subscriptions to our solutions. Additionally, the data that our solutions collect to help secure and protect the IT infrastructure of our customers may include additional personal or confidential information of our customers employees and their customers, and we may collect, store and otherwise process personal or confidential information more generally in connection with our business and operations. Personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States and in many other countries where we offer our solutions. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Many federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information. In the United States, these include, for example, rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and state breach notification laws. Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 These privacy, data protection and information security laws and regulations may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Additionally, new laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection continue to be proposed and enacted. For example, the European Union has adopted the Global Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). This regulation, which took effect in May of 2018, provides for substantial obligations relating to the handling, storage and other processing of data relating to individuals and administrative fines for violations, which can be up to four percent of the previous year s annual revenue or 20 million, whichever is higher. The GDPR may be subject to new or changing interpretations by courts, and our interpretation of the law and efforts to comply with the rules and regulations of the law may be ruled invalid. Similarly, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA requires covered companies to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to California consumers and affords such consumers rights to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA also creates a private right of action for statutory damages for certain breaches of information. Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), was approved by voters in the November 3, 2020 election. The CPRA modified the CCPA significantly, creating obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1, 2022, with enforcement authorized as of July 1, 2023. In addition, other states have enacted or proposed legislation that regulates the collection, use, and sale of personal information, including, for example, Washington's My Health, My Data Act and legislation similar to the CCPA adopted in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut, Iowa, Indiana, Montana, Tennessee, Oregon, Florida, Delaware, Texas, Kentucky, New Jersey, New Hampshire, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, and Rhode Island. Aspects of the CCPA, CPRA, and these other new and evolving state laws, as well their interpretation and enforcement, remain uncertain. We cannot predict the impact of the CCPA, CPRA, or other evolving privacy and data protection obligations on our business or operations, but they may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 The privacy, data protection, and information security laws and regulations we must comply with also are subject to change. For example, the United Kingdom has enacted a Data Protection Act, and has implemented legislation referred to as the UK GDPR, that substantially implement the GDPR in the United Kingdom following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union. This legislation provides for substantial penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million or four percent of the previous year s annual revenues. While the European Union has deemed the United Kingdom an adequate country to which personal data could be exported from the European Economic Area EEA ), this decision is required to be renewed after four years of being in effect and may be modified, revoked, or challenged in the interim, creating uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom from the EEA. It remains unclear how United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations will develop in the medium to longer term and how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated. Additionally, we have self-certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the United Kingdom extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and have adopted certain standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission SCCs as part of our data processing agreements with regard to certain transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.S. Both the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and SCCs have, however, been subject to legal challenge. In its July 16, 2020 opinion, the CJEU imposed additional obligations on companies when relying on SCCs to transfer personal data. The European Commission has published revised SCCs addressing the CJEU concerns on June 4, 2021, that are required to be implemented. The United Kingdom has adopted new standard contractual clauses UK SCCs ), that became effective as of March 21, 2022, and which also are required to be implemented. The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, United Kingdom extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, revised SCCs and UK SCCs, guidance and opinions of regulators, and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer may require us to implement additional contractual and technical safeguards for any personal data transferred out of Europe, which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, and which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. We may be unsuccessful in maintaining legitimate means for our transfer and receipt of personal data from the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We may experience reluctance or refusal by current or prospective European customers to use our products, and we and our customers may face a risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities relating to personal data transfers to us and by us from the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland. Any such enforcement actions could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, distract management and technical personnel and negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Some countries also are considering or have passed legislation requiring local storage and processing of data, or similar requirements, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to laws and regulations, privacy advocacy and industry groups or other private parties may propose new and different privacy standards that either legally or contractually apply to us. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws, regulations, standards and contractual obligations are uncertain, it is possible that they may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or perceived to be, inconsistent with our data management practices or the features of our solutions. If so, in addition to the possibility of regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, fines, lawsuits and other claims, other forms of injunctive or operations-limiting relief, and damage to our reputations and loss of goodwill, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our solutions and may face limitations in our ability to develop new solutions and features, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Any inability to adequately address privacy concerns, even if unfounded, or any actual or perceived inability to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations and privacy standards, could result in cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales of subscriptions and harm our business. 
 Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and privacy standards that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our solutions. Privacy concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our solutions particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. 
 We use AI/machine learning technologies in our solutions that could result in harm to our business and operating results. 
 We have incorporated and may continue to incorporate additional AI/machine learning solutions and features into our solutions, and these solutions and features may become more important to our operations or to our future growth over time. We expect to rely on AI/machine learning solutions and features to help drive future growth in our business, but there can be no assurance that we will realize the desired or anticipated benefits from AI/machine learning or at all. We may also fail to properly implement or market our AI/machine learning solutions and features. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI/machine learning into their products, offerings, and solutions more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, our offerings based on AI/machine learning may expose us to additional claims, demands and proceedings by private parties and regulatory authorities and subject us to legal liability as well as brand and reputational harm. The legal, regulatory, and policy environments around AI/machine learning are evolving rapidly, and we may become subject to new and evolving legal and other obligations. These and other developments may require us to make significant changes to our use of AI/machine learning, including by limiting or restricting our use of AI/machine learning, and which may require us to make significant changes to our policies and practices, which may necessitate expenditure of significant time, expense, and other resources, AI/machine learning also presents emerging ethical issues that could harm our reputation and business if our use of AI/machine learning becomes controversial. 
 Our solutions contain third-party open source software components, and our failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our solutions. 
 Our solutions contain software licensed to us by third-parties under so-called open source licenses, including the GNU General Public License, the GNU Lesser General Public License, the BSD License, the Apache License and others. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that distribute or use open source software in their products and services, asserting that such open source software infringes the claimants intellectual property rights. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming that what we believe to be licensed open source software infringes their intellectual property rights. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, certain open source licenses require that source code for software programs that are subject to the license be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in certain ways, we could, in some circumstances, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. Disclosing the source code of our proprietary software could make it easier for cyber attackers and other third parties to discover vulnerabilities in or to defeat the protections of our solutions, which could result in our solutions failing to provide our customers with the security they expect from our services. This could harm our business and reputation. Disclosing our proprietary source code also could allow our competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales for us. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Although we monitor our use of open source software in an effort both to comply with the terms of the applicable open source licenses and to avoid subjecting our solutions to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. In this event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our solutions, to make our proprietary code generally available in source code form, to re-engineer our solutions or to discontinue the sale of our solutions if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We use third-party software and data that may be difficult to replace or cause errors or failures of our solutions that could lead to lost customers or harm to our reputation and our operating results. 
 We license third-party software as well as security and compliance data from various third parties to deliver our solutions. In the future, this software or data may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this software or data could result in delays in the provisioning of our solutions until equivalent technology or data is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. In addition, any errors or defects in or failures of this third-party software or data could result in errors or defects in our solutions or cause our solutions to fail, which could harm our business and be costly to correct. Many of these providers attempt to impose limitations on their liability for such errors, defects or failures, and if enforceable, we may have additional liability to our customers or third-party providers that could harm our reputation and increase our operating costs. 
 We will need to maintain our relationships with third-party software and data providers, and to obtain software and data from such providers that do not contain any errors or defects. Any failure to do so could adversely impact our ability to deliver effective solutions to our customers and could harm our operating results. 
 Failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect and enforce our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights. We attempt to protect our intellectual property under copyright, trade secret, patent and trademark laws, and through a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and other methods, all of which offer only limited protection. 
 We primarily rely on our unpatented proprietary technology and trade secrets. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and trade secrets, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use them. The contractual provisions that we enter into with employees, consultants, partners, vendors and customers may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, solutions and intellectual property is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. We may be unable to determine the extent of any unauthorized use or infringement of our solutions, technologies or intellectual property rights. 
 The process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, if at all. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions. 
 Furthermore, it is possible that our patent applications may not result in granted patents, that the scope of our issued patents will be limited or not provide the coverage originally sought, that our issued patents will not provide us with any competitive advantages, or that our patents and other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative processes or litigation. In addition, issuance of a patent does not guarantee that we have an absolute right to practice the patented invention. As a result, we may not be able to obtain adequate patent protection or to enforce our issued patents effectively. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative solutions that have enabled us to be successful to date. 
 Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and harm our business and operating results. 
 Patent and other intellectual property disputes are common in our industry. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties may in the future assert claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights against us. They may also assert such claims against our customers or channel partners whom we typically indemnify against claims that our solutions infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. As the numbers of products and competitors in our market increase and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase. Any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business. 
 The patent portfolios of our most significant competitors are larger than ours. This disparity may increase the risk that they may sue us for patent infringement and may limit our ability to counterclaim for patent infringement or settle through patent cross-licenses. In addition, future assertions of patent rights by third parties, and any resulting litigation, may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant product revenues and against whom our own patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence or protection. There can be no assurance that we will not be found to infringe or otherwise violate any third-party intellectual property rights or to have done so in the past. 
 An adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to: 
 pay substantial damages, including treble damages, if we are found to have willfully infringed a third party s patents or copyrights; 
 cease making, licensing or using solutions that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others; 
 expend additional development resources to attempt to redesign our solutions or otherwise develop non-infringing technology, which may not be successful; 
 enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or intellectual property rights; and 
 indemnify our partners and other third parties. 
 In addition, royalty or licensing agreements, if required or desirable, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may require significant royalty payments and other expenditures. Some licenses may also be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. Any of the foregoing events could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Governmental export or import controls could subject us to liability if we violate them or limit our ability to compete in foreign markets. 
 Our solutions are subject to U.S. export controls, specifically, the Export Administration Regulations and economic sanctions enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. We incorporate encryption technology into certain of our solutions. These encryption solutions and the underlying technology may be exported only with the required export authorizations, including by license, a license exception or other appropriate government authorizations. U.S. export controls may require submission of an encryption registration, product classification and/or annual or semi-annual reports. Governmental regulation of encryption technology and regulation of imports or exports of encryption products, or our failure to obtain required import or export authorization for our solutions, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenues. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our solutions, including with respect to new releases of our solutions, may create delays in the introduction of our solutions in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our solutions throughout their 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 globally-distributed systems or, in some cases, prevent the export of our solutions to some countries altogether. In addition, various countries regulate the import of our appliance-based solutions and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute solutions or could limit our customers ability to implement our solutions in those countries. Any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our solutions by existing customers with international operations, declining adoption of our solutions by new customers with international operations and decreased revenues. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations, we may be fined or other penalties could be imposed, including denial of certain export privileges. 
 If we are required to collect higher sales and use or other taxes on the solutions we sell, we may be subject to liability for past sales and our future sales may decrease. 
 Taxing jurisdictions, including state and local entities, have differing rules and regulations governing sales and use or other taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. In particular, the applicability of sales taxes to our subscription services in various jurisdictions is unclear. It is possible that we could face sales tax audits and that our liability for these taxes could exceed our estimates as tax authorities could still assert that we are obligated to collect additional amounts as taxes from our customers and remit those taxes to those authorities. We could also be subject to audits with respect to state and international jurisdictions for which we may not have accrued tax liabilities. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales or other taxes on our services in jurisdictions where we have not historically done so and do not accrue for sales taxes could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, discourage customers from purchasing our solutions or otherwise harm our business and operating results. 
 Changes in our income tax provision or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our operating results. We could be subject to additional taxes. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our tax rate is affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, excess tax benefits arising from stock-based compensation, other tax benefits and credits, and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Increases in our effective tax rate could harm our operating results. 
 Additionally, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide tax provisions. During the ordinary course of business, there are many activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations, including those relating to income tax nexus, by recognizing tax losses or lower than anticipated earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 introduced a Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax which imposes a minimum tax on adjusted income of corporations with average applicable gross receipt of at least 500 million for prior three tax years and that make certain payments to related foreign persons. While these rules do not impact our results of operations in the current year, these could impact our financial results in future periods. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has issued model rules in connection with the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting integrated framework that determine multi-jurisdictional taxing rights (Pillar One) and the minimum rate of tax applicable to certain types of income (Pillar Two). Many countries have enacted legislation to apply the Pillar Two directive for tax years beginning in January 2024, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15 on the income arising in each jurisdiction where the Company operates. We do not anticipate these rules to have an impact on our current year s financial results. If applicable in the future, these could have an impact on our financial results, the extent of which is currently uncertain. We may be audited in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional taxes, sales taxes and value-added taxes against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of any tax audits or litigation could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which a determination is made. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Market volatility may affect our stock price and the value of an investment in our common stock and could subject us to litigation. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot predict or control, including: 
 announcements of new solutions, services or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors; 
 fluctuations in stock market prices and trading volumes of securities of similar companies; 
 general market conditions and overall fluctuations in U.S. equity markets; 
 variations in our operating results, or the operating results of our competitors; 
 changes in our financial guidance or securities analysts estimates of our financial performance; 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 sales of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders; 
 additions or departures of any of our key personnel; 
 announcements related to litigation; 
 changing legal or regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; and 
 discussion of us or our stock price by the financial press and in online investor communities. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the stocks of technology companies such as ours in particular, have experienced substantial price and volume volatility that is often seemingly unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company after a period of volatility in the trading price of its common stock. We may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. Any securities litigation claims brought against us could result in substantial expenses and the diversion of our management s attention from our business. 
 Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 
 From time to time, we have released, and may continue to release, guidance in our quarterly earnings conference calls, quarterly earnings releases, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management's estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, has been and will be based on projections prepared by our management. These projections are not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our registered public accountants nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles or examines the projections. Accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to the projections. 
 Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. We intend to state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to imply that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such third parties. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results may vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this Risk Factors section in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q could result in our actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 The market price of shares of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, employees and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. As o f September 30, 2024, we had approximately 36.6 million shares of our common stock outstanding. 
 In addition, as of September 30, 2024, there were approximately 1.4 million options and 1.0 million restricted stock units outstanding. If such options are exercised and restricted stock units are released, these additional shares will become available for sale. As of September 30, 2024, we had an aggregate of 2.6 million shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and 0.4 million sha res reserved for future purchase under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance. If a large number of these shares are sold in the public market, the sales could reduce the trading price of our common stock. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance stockholder value, and any share repurchases we make could affect the price of our common stock. 
 On February 12, 2018, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a 100.0 million repurchase program. On each of October 30, 2018, October 30, 2019, May 7, 2020, February 10, 2021 and February 9, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had authorized an increase of 100.0 million, and on each of November 3, 2021, May 4, 2022 and February 7, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had authorized an increase of 200.0 million to the share repurchase program, resulting in an aggregate authorization of 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024. Although our board of directors authorized the share repurchase program, we are not obligated to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The share repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock, increase volatility and diminish our cash reserves. In addition, it may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the price of our common stock. Finally, our share repurchases in 2023 and 2024 were subject to the 1 excise tax introduced in the Inflation Reduction Act. The amount of share repurchases subject to the excise tax are reduced by the fair market value of any shares issued during the taxable year. This provision does not currently, nor do we expect it to in the future, have a material impact to our results of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 0.7 million shares of our common stock for approximately 98.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 185.7 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and therefore any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the value of their stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our management. These provisions include: 
 authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock, which would increase the number of outstanding shares and could thwart a takeover attempt; 
 a classified board of directors whose members can only be dismissed for cause; 
 the prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders; 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 the limitation on who may call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 the establishment of advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; and 
 the requirement of at least two-thirds of the outstanding capital stock to amend any of the foregoing second through fifth provisions. 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board of directors were considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Disruptive technologies could gain wide adoption and supplant our cloud-based IT, security and compliance solutions, thereby weakening our sales and harming our results of operations. 
 The introduction of products and services embodying new technologies could render our existing solutions obsolete or less attractive to customers. Our business could be harmed if new IT, security and compliance technologies are widely adopted. We may not be able to successfully anticipate or adapt to changing technology or customer requirements on a timely basis, or at all. If we fail to keep up with technological changes or to convince our customers and potential customers of the value of our solutions even in light of new technologies, our business could be harmed and our revenues may decline. 
 We may not maintain profitability in the future. 
 We may not be able to sustain or increase our growth or maintain profitability in the future. We plan to continue to invest in our infrastructure, new solutions, research and development and sales and marketing, and as a result, we cannot assure you that we will maintain profitability. We may incur losses in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation, the other risks and uncertainties described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our financial performance may be harmed and we may not again achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 Forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, there can be no assurance that our business will grow at similar rates, or at all. 
 Growth forecasts relating to the expected growth in the market for IT, security and compliance and other markets are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forecasts of market growth should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 Our financial results are based in part on our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies. These estimates or judgments may prove to be incorrect, which could harm our operating results and result in a decline in our stock price. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Part I, Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, accounting for income taxes and stock-based compensation. 
 Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse and unexpected revenue fluctuations and impact our reported results of operations. 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these accounting standards or practices could harm our operating results and could have a significant effect on our reporting of transactions and reported results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may harm our operating results or require that we make significant changes to our systems, processes and controls or the way we conduct our business. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Stock Market. To continue to comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing additional internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Any failure to maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports we file with the SEC under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. While we were able to assert in our Annual Report on Form 10-K that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023 , we cannot predict the outcome of our testing in future periods. If we are unable to assert in any future reporting period that our internal control over financial reporting is effective (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), investors may lose confidence in our operating results and our stock price could decline. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 A summary of our repurchases of common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly Announced Plan 
 or Program (1) 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased under the Plan or 
 Program 
 July 1 - July 31, 2024 91,747 143.94 91,747 217,458,637 August 1 - August 31, 2024 132,000 127.04 132,000 200,689,380 September 1 - September 30, 2024 120,267 124.47 120,267 185,719,490 Total 344,014 344,014 
 (1) On February 12, 2018, we announced that our board of directors authorized a 100.0 million share repurchase program. On each of October 30, 2018, October 30, 2019, May 7, 2020, February 10, 2021 and February 9, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had authorized an increase of 100.0 million, and on each of November 3, 2021, 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 May 4, 2022 and February 7, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had authorized an increase of 200.0 million to the share repurchase program, resulting in an aggregate authorization of 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024. Shares may be repurchased from time to time on the open market in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act of 1934. We have entered into a pre-set trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act to effect repurchases under our share repurchase program. All share repurchases have been made using cash resources. Our share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 , , the , modified his existing Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement dated November 21, 2023 (the Original Plan ), which has the effect of the Original Plan and a new Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (the New Plan ). The New Plan provides for the sale from time to time of an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock plus an additional number of shares to be acquired on the date of the Company's 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Pursuant to the Company's non-employee director compensation program, each non-employee director who has served on our board of directors for at least six months prior to such date will be granted an annual award of restricted stock units on such day. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The duration of the New Plan is until , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. 
 , , our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement providing for the sale from time to time of an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock, which represents the gross number of shares authorized to be sold during the duration of the plan, before excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy its income tax withholding in connection with the net settlement of the equity awards. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The duration of the trading arrangement is until , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. 
 , , our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement providing for the sale from time to time of an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock, which represents the gross number of shares authorized to be sold during the duration of the plan, before excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy its income tax withholding in connection with the net settlement of the equity awards. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The duration of the trading arrangement is until , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. 
 No other director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101 SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101 CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101 DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101 PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data is embedded within the Inline XBRL document or included within Exhibit 101 attachments. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically stated in such filing. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Foster City, State of California on November 5, 2024. 
 QUALYS, INC. By: /s/ JOO MI KIM Name: Joo Mi Kim Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 qlys-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Sumedh S. Thakar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Qualys, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s SUMEDH S. THAKAR 
 Sumedh S. Thakar 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Qualys, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 qlys-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Joo Mi Kim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Qualys, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s JOO MI KIM Joo Mi Kim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) Qualys, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 qlys-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Qualys, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sumedh S. Thakar, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s SUMEDH S. THAKAR 
 Sumedh S. Thakar 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Qualys, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 qlys-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Qualys, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joo Mi Kim, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s JOO MI KIM Joo Mi Kim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) Qualys, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 qlys-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 qlys-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 qlys-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 qlys-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 qlys-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

