<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_920112_0000920112-24-000200.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21366311</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190513</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1908717</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11526591</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3552340</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3582586</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000920112-24-000200.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000920112-24-000200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000920112
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				421405748
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15393
		FILM NUMBER:		241440542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 LARIMER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5635892100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOCUST STREET
		STREET 2:		FOURTH FLOOR
		CITY:			DUBUQUE
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000920112-24-000200.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 htlf-20240930.htm
 10-Q

htlf-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. employer identification number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the classes of Registrant's common stock as of the latest practicable date: As of November 4, 2024, the Registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 1.00 par value per share. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. 
 Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 
 Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 Part II Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with other banks and other short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits in other financial institutions Securities: Carried at fair value (cost of at September 30, 2024, and at December 31, 2023) 
 Held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 (fair value of at September 30, 2024, and at December 31, 2023) 
 Other investments, at cost Loans held for sale Loans receivable: Held to maturity Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net Premises, furniture and equipment, net Premises, furniture and equipment held for sale Other real estate, net Goodwill Core deposit intangibles, net Cash surrender value on life insurance Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES: Deposits: Demand Savings Time Total deposits Borrowings Term debt Accrued expenses and other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock (par value per share; authorized and shares at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023; issued or outstanding at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023) 
 Series E Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (par value per share; shares authorized at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023) 
 Common stock (par value per share; shares authorized at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023; issued shares at September 30, 2024, and shares at December 31, 2023) 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME: Interest and fees on loans Interest on securities: Taxable Nontaxable Interest on federal funds sold Interest on interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions TOTAL INTEREST INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Interest on term debt (includes ) and ) of interest income related to derivatives reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and of interest (income) expense related to derivatives reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NONINTEREST INCOME: Service charges and fees Loan servicing income Trust fees Brokerage and insurance commissions Capital markets fees Securities losses, net (includes ) and of net security (losses) gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and ) of net security losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain on equity securities, net Net gains on sale of loans held for sale Income on bank owned life insurance Other noninterest income TOTAL NONINTEREST INCOME NONINTEREST EXPENSES: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy Furniture and equipment Professional fees FDIC insurance assessments Advertising Core deposit intangibles amortization Other real estate and loan collection expenses Loss (gain) on sales/valuations of assets, net ) ) ) Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs Partnership investment in tax credit projects Other noninterest expenses TOTAL NONINTEREST EXPENSES INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income taxes (includes ) and of income tax (expense) benefit reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and of income tax benefit reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 NET INCOME Preferred dividends ) ) ) ) NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE - DILUTED CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON SHARE See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Changes in available for sale ("AFS") securities: Net change in unrealized loss on securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) on hedged AFS securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) realized in net income ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) on AFS securities ) ) Changes in securities held to maturity: Net amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred from AFS Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income on held to maturity securities Change in cash flow hedges: Net change in unrealized gain on derivatives Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) on derivatives realized in net income ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Net amortization of premium on securities Securities losses, net Unrealized gain on equity securities, net ) ) Stock based compensation Loans originated for sale ) Proceeds on sales of loans held for sale Net gains on sale of loans held for sale ) ) Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable ) Decrease in prepaid expenses (Decrease) increase in accrued interest payable ) Capitalization of servicing rights ) (Gain) loss on sales/valuations of assets, net ) ) Net excess tax expense from stock based compensation ) ) Income from fair value hedge activity Other, net NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of time deposits in other financial institutions Proceeds from the sale of securities available for sale Proceeds from the maturity of and principal paydowns on securities available for sale Proceeds from the maturity of and principal paydowns on securities held to maturity Proceeds from the maturity of time deposits in other financial institutions Proceeds from the sale, maturity of, redemption of and principal paydowns on other investments Purchase of securities available for sale ) ) Purchase of other investments ) ) Net decrease (increase) in loans ) Purchase of bank owned life insurance policies ) ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights Capital expenditures and investments ) ) Proceeds from the sale of premises, furniture and equipment Net cash expended in divestitures ) Proceeds on sale of OREO and other repossessed assets NET CASH PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net decrease in demand deposits ) ) Net increase (decrease) in savings deposits ) Net (decrease) increase in time deposit accounts ) Net decrease in borrowings ) ) Proceeds from Bank Term Funding Program advances Proceeds from short-term FHLB advances Repayments of short-term FHLB advances ) ) Repayments of term debt ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid ) ) NET CASH USED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for income/franchise taxes Cash paid for interest Loans transferred to OREO Transfer of premises from premises, furniture and equipment, net, to premises, furniture and equipment held for sale Transfer of premises from premises, furniture and equipment held for sale to premises, furniture and equipment, net Dividends declared, not paid See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Heartland Financial USA, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Preferred, per share 
 ) ) Common, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 Stock based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Cash dividends declared: Preferred, per share 
 ) ) Common, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 ) ) Stock based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends declared: Preferred, per share 
 ) ) Common, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 Stock based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends declared: Preferred, per share 
 ) ) Common, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock 
 ) Stock based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1: 
 
 per share, of HTLF HTLF Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than certain shares held by UMB or HTLF, will be converted into the right to receive shares (the Exchange Ratio, and such shares, the Merger Consideration of common stock, par value, of UMB UMB Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares. At the Effective Time, each share of Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, par value per share of HTLF (the HTLF Preferred Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately before the Effective Time will be converted into the right to receive share of a newly created series of preferred stock of UMB UMB Preferred Stock with such rights, preferences, privileges and powers (including voting powers) as set forth in the Certificate of Designations attached as an exhibit to the Merger Agreement. 

Preferred dividends ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per share Assumed incremental common shares issued upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units Weighted average common shares for diluted earnings per share Earnings per common share basic Earnings per common share diluted Number of antidilutive common stock equivalents excluded from diluted earnings per share computation Number of antidilutive stock options excluded from diluted earnings per share computation Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net income Preferred dividends ) ) Net income available to stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per share Assumed incremental common shares issued upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units Weighted average common shares for diluted earnings per share Earnings per common share basic Earnings per common share diluted Number of antidilutive common stock equivalents excluded from diluted earnings per share computation Number of antidilutive stock options excluded from diluted earnings per share computation 
 
 Subsequent Events - 
 
 In early October, HTLF terminated the interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with initial notional amounts totaling million which were primarily designed to provide protection against unrealized securities losses. Additionally in early October, HTLF terminated the interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with total original notional amounts of billion which were used to convert certain long-term fixed rate loans to floating rates to hedge interest rate risk exposure. The million net fair value basis will be amortized over the remaining life of the underlying assets. 
 
 In early November, HTLF paid off the million advance from the Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP"). The BTFP advance was obtained during the first quarter of 2024 and was due in 2025, prepayable at any time without penalty. HTLF Bank pledged million of securities to support the borrowings as of September 30, 2024. 

reportable operating segment. This ASU will not impact our consolidated financial statements and will have minimal impact to our disclosures, requiring identification of the chief operating decision maker and the information used to make operating decisions and to allocate resources. 
 
 ASU 2023-09 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures that require public business entities to annually disclose (1) specific categories in their rate reconciliation; (2) additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold; (3) the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign taxes; (4) the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated by individual jurisdictions in which the income taxes paid that meet a quantitative threshold; (5) income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated between domestic and foreign; and (6) income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign. The ASU eliminates the requirement to disclose the nature and estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change in the unrecognized tax benefits balance in the next 12 months and to disclose the cumulative amount of each type of temporary difference when a deferred tax liability is not recognized because of the exceptions to comprehensive recognition of deferred taxes related to subsidiaries and corporate joint ventures. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The amendments should be applied on a prospective basis, but retrospective application is permitted. HTLF is currently evaluating the impact of the standard and does not anticipate it will have a significant impact on the results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 
 
 Qualified Affordable Housing Investments 
 
 HTLF uses the proportional amortization method for investments in low-income housing projects. HTLF s net investments in low-income housing projects were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 With respect to HTLF s investment in low-income housing projects for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax credits and other income tax benefits of and , respectively. The total income tax benefits of are partially offset in the income taxes item in the consolidated statements of income by of investment amortization recognized, for a net income tax benefit of . The cash flows related to the total income tax benefits are presented in the following line items in the consolidated statement of cash flows: 

Net Income Tax Benefit, in the "Net income" line item in operating activities; 
 Investment Amortization, in the "Other, net" line item, which is an adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities; 
 Tax Credits, in the "Other, net" line item, which is also an adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities; and 
 Other Tax Benefits Recognized, in the "Other, net" line item, which is also an adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities. 
 There was no non-income-tax-related activity or impairment losses related to the low-income housing investments this reporting period. 
 
 With respect to HTLF s investment in low-income housing projects for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax credits and other income tax benefits of and , respectively. The total income tax benefits of are partially offset in the income taxes item in the consolidated statements of income by of investment amortization recognized, for a net income tax benefit of . The cash flows related to the total income tax benefits are presented in the following line items in the consolidated statement of cash flows: 
 Net Income Tax Benefit, in the "Net income" line item in operating activities; 
 Investment Amortization, in the "Other, net" line item, which is an adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities; 
 Tax Credits, in the "Other, net" line item, which is also an adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities; and 
 Other Tax Benefits Recognized, in the "Other, net" line item, which is also an adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities. 
 There was no non-income-tax-related activity or impairment losses related to the low-income housing investments this reporting period. 

NOTE 2: 
 
 ) U.S. agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed securities - agency ) Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Total debt securities ) Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value Total ) December 31, 2023 U.S. treasuries ) U.S. agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed securities - agency ) Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) Total debt securities ) Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value Total ) 
 
 ) Total ) December 31, 2023 Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Total ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, HTLF had million and million, respectively, of accrued interest receivable, which is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. HTLF does not consider accrued interest receivable in the carrying amount of financial assets held at amortized cost basis or in the allowance for credit losses calculation. 

Due in 1 to 5 years Due in 5 to 10 years Due after 10 years Total debt securities Mortgage and asset-backed securities Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value Total investment securities 
 
 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities held to maturity at September 30, 2024, by contractual maturity, are as follows, in thousands. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 
 September 30, 2024 Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due in 1 year or less Due in 1 to 5 years Due in 5 to 10 years Due after 10 years Total debt securities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, securities with a carrying value of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure public and trust deposits, short-term borrowings and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 
 
 Gross security gains Gross security losses 
 
 categories: those that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and those that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or more. The reference point for determining how long an investment was in an unrealized loss position w as September 30, 2023, and December 31, 2022 , respectively. 

) ) U.S. agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - agency ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) December 31, 2023 U.S. treasuries ) ) ) U.S. agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - agency ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) 
 ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) December 31, 2023 Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) Total temporarily impaired securities ) ) ) 
 
 HTLF reviews each security in the investment securities portfolio on a quarterly basis for potential credit losses, taking into consideration numerous factors, and the relative significance of any single factor can vary by security. Some factors HTLF may consider include changes in security ratings, financial condition of the issuer, and security and industry specific economic conditions. With regard to debt securities, HTLF may also evaluate payment structure, whether there are defaulted payments or expected defaults, prepayment speeds and the value of any underlying collateral. For certain debt securities in unrealized loss positions, HTLF prepares cash flow analyses to compare the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. 

AA, AA+, AA- A+, A, A- BBB Not Rated Total 
 
 Included in other investments were shares of stock in Federal Home Loan Bank (the "FHLB") at an amortized cost of million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 HTLF Bank is required by federal law to maintain FHLB stock as a member of the FHLB. These equity securities are "restricted" in that they can only be sold back to the respective institutions from which they were acquired or another member institution at par. Therefore, the FHLB stock is less liquid than other marketable equity securities, and the fair value approximates amortized cost. HTLF considers its FHLB stock as a long-term investment that provides access to competitive products and liquidity. HTLF evaluates impairment in these investments based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value and, at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, did not consider the investments to be impaired. 

NOTE 3: 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total loans receivable held to maturity Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, HTLF had million and million, respectively, of accrued interest receivable, which is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. HTLF does not consider accrued interest receivable in the allowance for credit losses calculation. 
 
 or more of total exposure are individually assessed using a collateral dependency calculation. All other loans are collectively evaluated for losses. 
 
 Allowance For Credit Losses Gross Loans Receivable Held to Maturity Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses Collectively Evaluated for Credit Losses Total Loans Individually Evaluated for Credit Losses Loans Collectively Evaluated for Credit Losses Total September 30, 2024 Commercial and industrial PPP Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total December 31, 2023 Commercial and industrial PPP Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total 

Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Total 
 
 Loan Modifications Made to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty Term Extension Term Extension and Interest Only Payments Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Commercial and industrial Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Total Loan Modifications Made to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty Term Extension Term Extension and Interest Only Payments Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate 0 Real estate construction Residential real estate Consumer Loan Modifications Made to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty Term Extension Term Extension and Interest Only Payments Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Category Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Total 

Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Residential real estate Consumer 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Weighted Average Term Extension (Months) Weighted Average Term Extension and Interest Only Payments (Months) Weighted Average Term Extension and Interest Rate Reduction (Months) Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate 
 
 At September 30, 2024, there were unfunded commitments to extend credit to the borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 
 HTLF had no loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that had a payment default during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, that had been modified in the twelve-month period prior to the default. 
 
 HTLF closely monitors the performance of the loans that are modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. 
 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Residential real estate Consumer Total 
 Accruing Loans 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Past Due Current Nonaccrual September 30, 2023 Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Total 

Watch Substandard Commercial and industrial total Commercial and industrial charge-offs PPP Pass Watch Substandard PPP total PPP charge-offs Owner occupied commercial real estate Pass Watch Substandard Owner occupied commercial real estate total Owner occupied commercial real estate charge-offs Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Pass Watch Substandard Non-owner occupied commercial real estate total Non-owner occupied commercial real estate charge-offs 

Watch Substandard Real estate construction total Real estate construction charge-offs Agricultural and agricultural real estate Pass Watch Substandard Agricultural and agricultural real estate total Agricultural and agricultural real estate charge-offs Residential real estate Pass Watch Substandard Residential real estate total Residential real estate charge-offs Consumer Pass Watch Substandard Consumer total Consumer charge-offs Total Pass Total Watch Total Substandard Total Loans Total charge-offs 
 
 The following table shows the risk category of loans by loan category and year of origination as of December 31, 2023, in thousands. 
 As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Basis of Term Loans by Year of Origination 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 and Prior Revolving Total Commercial and industrial Pass Watch Substandard Commercial and industrial total Commercial and industrial charge-offs PPP Pass Watch Substandard PPP total PPP charge-offs 

Watch Substandard Owner occupied commercial real estate total Owner occupied commercial real estate charge-offs Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Pass Watch Substandard Non-owner occupied commercial real estate total Non-owner occupied commercial real estate charge-offs Real estate construction Pass Watch Substandard Real estate construction total Real estate construction charge-offs Agricultural and agricultural real estate Pass Watch Substandard Agricultural and agricultural real estate total Agricultural and agricultural real estate charge-offs Residential real estate Pass Watch Substandard Residential real estate total Residential real estate charge-offs Consumer Pass Watch Substandard Consumer total Consumer charge-offs Total Pass Total Watch Total Substandard Total Loans Total charge-offs 
 
 Included in the nonpass loans at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, were and , respectively, of nonpass PPP loans as a result of risk ratings on non-PPP related credits. HTLF's risk rating methodology assigns a risk rating to 

allowance recorded related to the PPP loans because of the 100 government guarantee through the United States Small Business Administration. 
 
 Changes in credit risk are monitored on a continuous basis as part of relationship management, and changes in risk ratings are made when credit quality improves or deteriorates in accordance with HTLF's credit risk rating framework. All individually assessed loans are reviewed at least annually. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, HTLF had of loans secured by residential real estate property that were in the process of foreclosure. 
 
 PPP Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total loans receivable held to maturity December 31, 2023 Commercial and industrial PPP Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total loans receivable held to maturity 
 
 Loans delinquent 30 to 89 days as a percent of total loans were at September 30, 2024, compared to at December 31, 2023. 
 
 HTLF recognized of interest income on nonaccrual loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, HTLF had million and million of nonaccrual loans with no related allowance, respectively. 

NOTE 4: 
 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Commercial and Industrial Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Construction Agricultural and Agricultural Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer Total Balance at December 31, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

Commercial and Industrial Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Construction Agricultural and Agricultural Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer Total Balance at June 30, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Commercial and Industrial Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Non-Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Construction Agricultural and Agricultural Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer Total Balance at December 31, 2022 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 Management allocates the allowance for credit losses by pools of risk within each loan portfolio. The total allowance for credit losses is available to absorb losses from any segment of the loan portfolio. The provision expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was reduced by million due to the sale of Rocky Mountain Bank loans amounting to million. 

Provision (benefit) ) ) Balance at September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at December 31, Provision (benefit) ) ) Balance at September 30, 

NOTE 5: 
 
 million at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. HTLF conducts an annual internal assessment of the goodwill both at the consolidated level and at the reporting unit level as of September 30, as well as when required due to triggering events related to the uncertainty of the value of the goodwill on HTLF's balance sheet. HTLF conducted its annual internal assessment of the goodwill at HTLF or HTLF's reporting units as of September 30. There was goodwill impairment as of the most recent assessment. 
 
 Total 
 
 Year ending December 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 6: 

million of collateral at September 30, 2024, compared to million as of December 31, 2023, related to derivative financial instruments. HTLF's counterparties were required to pledge million at September 30, 2024, compared to million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 HTLF's derivative and hedging instruments are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7, "Fair Value," for additional fair value information and disclosures. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 In 2021, interest rate swap terminated, and the debt was converted to variable rate subordinated debentures. HTLF recognized all remaining cash payments related to the terminated derivatives in the first quarter of 2024 and reclassified the remaining cash payments from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, HTLF terminated its interest rate swap agreement, which effectively converted million of variable rate loans to fixed rate loans. For the next twelve months, HTLF estimates cash payments and reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest income will total . 
 
 HTLF had derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges at September 30, 2024. 

Interest income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest rate swap Interest income Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest income ) 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 HTLF uses interest rate swaps to convert certain long term fixed rate loans to floating rates to hedge interest rate risk exposure. HTLF also uses interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of changes in the fair market value of certain municipal and mortgage-backed securities. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in the consolidated statements of income as the changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged. 
 
 HTLF uses statistical regression to assess hedge effectiveness, both at the inception of the hedge as well as on a continual basis. The regression analysis involves regressing the periodic change in the fair value of the hedging instrument against the periodic changes in the fair value of the asset being hedged due to changes in the hedge risk. 
 
 During 2023, HTLF entered into interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with initial notional amounts totaling million primarily designed to provide protection for unrealized securities losses against the impact of higher mid-to-long term interest rates. HTLF also executed interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with total original notional amounts of billion to convert certain long-term fixed rate loans to floating rates to hedge interest rate risk exposure using the portfolio layer method, which allows HTLF to designate as the hedged item a stated amount of the assets that are not expected to be affected by prepayments, defaults and other factors that would affect the timing and amount of cash flow. 

Other assets Interest rate swaps-securities carried at fair value Other assets Interest rate swaps-loans receivable held to maturity Other liabilities December 31, 2023 Interest rate swaps-loans receivable held to maturity Other assets Interest rate swaps-securities carried at fair value Other assets Interest rate swaps-loans receivable held to maturity Other liabilities 
 
 The table below identifies the carrying amount of the hedged assets and cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the hedged assets that are designated as fair value hedge accounting relationships at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 Location in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in Carrying Amount of Hedged Assets September 30, 2024 Interest rate swap Loans receivable held to maturity Interest rate swap Securities carried at fair value ) December 31, 2023 Interest rate swap Loans receivable held to maturity Interest rate swap Securities carried at fair value ) 
 
 ) ) Total amount of interest and fees on loans Gain (loss) recognized in interest income on securities-taxable ) ) Total amount of interest on securities-taxable 
 
 ) ) Hedged item (securities carried at fair value) ) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments on loans receivable held to maturity ) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments on securities carried at fair value ) ) 

Other assets December 31, 2023 Embedded derivatives Other assets 
 
 The table below identifies the gains and losses recognized on HTLF's embedded derivatives for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gain (loss) recognized in other noninterest income on embedded derivatives ) ) ) 
 
 Back-to-Back Loan Swaps 
 HTLF has loan interest rate swap relationships with customers to assist them in managing their interest rate risk. Upon entering into these loan swaps, HTLF enters into offsetting positions with counterparties in order to minimize interest rate risk to HTLF. These back-to-back loan swaps qualify as free standing financial derivatives with the fair values reported in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Any gains and losses on these back-to-back swaps are recorded in noninterest income on the consolidated statements of income, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, no gain or loss was recognized. HTLF recognized million and million in fee income related to executing back-to-back loan swaps for customers for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other assets Customer interest rate swaps ) Other liabilities December 31, 2023 Customer interest rate swaps Other assets Customer interest rate swaps ) Other liabilities 
 
 Other Free Standing Derivatives 
 HTLF acquired undesignated interest rate swaps in 2015. These swaps were entered into primarily for the benefit of customers seeking to manage their interest rate risk and are not designated against specific assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets or forecasted transactions and therefore do not qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with ASC 815. These swaps are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of other liabilities, with changes in the fair value recorded as a component of other noninterest income. 

) Other liabilities December 31, 2023 Undesignated interest rate swaps ) Other liabilities 
 
 HTLF recognizes gains and losses on other free standing derivatives in two separate income statement categories. Interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments are recognized in net gains on sale of loans held for sale and undesignated interest rate swaps are recognized in other noninterest income. As of the balance sheet dates presented above there were no interest rate lock commitments or forward commitments. The table below identifies the gains and losses recognized in income on HTLF's other free standing derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest rate lock commitments (mortgage) ) ) Forward commitments ) Undesignated interest rate swaps 

NOTE 7: 

U.S. agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - agency Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency Asset-backed securities Corporate bonds Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 Total assets at fair value Liabilities Derivative financial instruments (2) 
 Total liabilities at fair value December 31, 2023 Assets Securities available for sale U.S. treasuries U.S. agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - agency Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency Asset-backed securities Corporate bonds Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 Total assets at fair value Liabilities Derivative financial instruments (2) 
 Total liabilities at fair value (1) Includes interest rate swaps, fair value hedges, embedded derivatives and back-to-back loan swaps. (2) Includes fair value hedges, back-to-back loan swaps and free standing derivatives. 

Owner occupied commercial real estate ) Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Total collateral dependent individually assessed loans Loans held for sale Other real estate owned Premises, furniture and equipment held for sale 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at 
 December 31, 2023 
 Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Year-to- Date (Gains) Losses Collateral dependent individually assessed loans: Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Total collateral dependent individually assessed loans Loans held for sale Other real estate owned Premises, furniture and equipment held for sale 

Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Premises, furniture and equipment held for sale Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Collateral dependent individually assessed loans: Commercial and industrial Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Owner occupied commercial real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Real estate construction Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Agricultural and agricultural real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Residential real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 (1) Third party appraisals are obtained and updated at least annually to establish the value of the underlying asset, but the disclosure of the unobservable inputs used by the appraisers would not be meaningful because the range will vary widely from appraisal to appraisal. (2) Discounts applied to the appraised values primarily include estimated sales costs, but also consider the age of the appraisal, changes in local market conditions and changes in the current condition of the collateral. 
 Fair Value at 12/31/2023 Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Other real estate owned Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Premises, furniture and equipment held for sale Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Collateral dependent individually assessed loans: Commercial and industrial Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Owner occupied commercial real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Real estate construction Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Agricultural and agricultural real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 Residential real estate Modified appraised value Third party appraisal (1) Appraisal discount - (2) 
 (1) Third-party appraisals are obtained and updated at least annually to establish the value of the underlying asset, but the disclosure of the unobservable inputs used by the appraisers would not be meaningful because the range will vary widely from appraisal to appraisal. (2) Discounts applied to the appraised values primarily include estimated sales costs, but also consider the age of the appraisal, changes in local market conditions and changes in the current condition of the collateral. 

Time deposits in other financial institutions Securities: Carried at fair value Held to maturity Other investments 
 Loans held for sale Loans, net: Commercial and industrial PPP Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total Loans, net 
 Cash surrender value on life insurance Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 Financial liabilities: Deposits Demand deposits 
 Savings deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Borrowings Term Debt Derivative financial instruments (2) 
 (1) Includes interest rate swaps, fair value hedges, embedded derivatives and back-to-back loan swaps. (2) Includes fair value hedges, back-to-back loan swaps and undesignated interest rate swaps. 

Time deposits in other financial institutions Securities: Carried at fair value Held to maturity Other investments 
 Loans held for sale Loans, net: Commercial and industrial PPP Owner occupied commercial real estate Non-owner occupied commercial real estate Real estate construction Agricultural and agricultural real estate Residential real estate Consumer Total Loans, net 
 Cash surrender value on life insurance Derivative financial instruments (1) 
 Financial liabilities: Deposits Demand deposits 
 Savings deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Borrowings Term Debt Derivative financial instruments (2) 
 (1) Includes interest rate swaps, fair value hedges, embedded derivatives and back-to-back loan swaps. (2) Includes fair value hedges, back-to-back loan swaps and undesignated interest rate swaps. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Time Deposits in Other Financial Institutions The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Securities For equity securities with a readily determinable fair value and debt securities either held to maturity, available for sale or trading, fair value equals quoted market price, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. 
 
 Other Investments Fair value measurement of other investments, which consists primarily of FHLB stock, are based on their redeemable value, which is at cost due to the restrictions placed on their transferability. The market for these securities is restricted to the issuer of the stock and subject to impairment evaluation. 
 
 Loans The fair value of loans is determined using an exit price methodology. The exit price estimation of fair value is based on the present value of the expected cash flows. The projected cash flows are based on the contractual terms of the loans, adjusted for prepayments and a discount rate based on the relative risk of the cash flows. Other considerations include the loan type, remaining life of the loan and credit risk. 

NOTE 8: 
 
 shares of common stock for issuance, of which shares of common stock were available as of September 30, 2024, for issuance of future awards to employees and directors of, and service providers to, HTLF or its subsidiaries. 
 
 The cost of each award is based upon its fair value estimated on the date of grant and recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the vesting period of the award. The fair market value of restricted stock and restricted stock units is based on the fair value of the underlying shares of common stock on the date of grant. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 
 
 HTLF's income tax expense included and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the exercise, vesting and forfeiture of equity-based awards. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Plan permits the Compensation Committee to grant restricted stock units ("RSUs"). The time-based RSUs are generally granted in the first quarter of each year and represent the right, without payment, to receive shares of HTLF common stock on a specified date in the future. Generally, the time-based RSUs vest over in equal installments in March of each of the following the year of the grant. 
 
 The Compensation Committee has also granted performance-based RSUs, generally in the first quarter of each year. These performance-based RSUs will be earned based on satisfaction of performance targets for the performance period as defined in the RSU agreement. These performance-based RSUs or a portion thereof vest after measurement of performance in relation to the performance targets. 
 
 The time-based RSUs (and performance-based RSUs to the extent earned) also vest upon death, disability, a "qualified retirement" (as defined in the RSU agreement), or upon certain terminations of employment related to a change in control. 
 
 All of HTLF's RSUs will be settled in common stock upon vesting. Most RSUs granted after March 2023 accrue dividend equivalents, which are paid in cash without interest only upon vesting. Dividend equivalents with respect to RSUs forfeited are also forfeited. RSUs granted prior to March 2023 are not entitled to dividend equivalents. 

Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 

Total compensation costs recorded for RSUs were million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there were million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the Plan for RSUs that are expected to be recognized through 2027. 
 
 Stock Options 
 The Plan provides the Compensation Committee the authority to grant stock options. During the year ended December 31, 2022, options were granted, and the fair value of the options granted was determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The options granted generally vest over the first in equal installments on the anniversary date of the grant. The options may also vest upon death, disability, upon a change in control or upon a "qualified retirement" as defined in the stock option agreement. 
 
 The exercise price of the stock options was established by the Compensation Committee, but the exercise price may not be less than the fair market value of the shares on the date the options are granted. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at September 30, Options exercisable at September 30 
 
 years. The intrinsic value of the vested options as of September 30, 2024 was . The intrinsic value of the options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was . The total fair value of the options that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was . Total compensation costs recorded for stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there were of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the Plan for options that are expected to be recognized through 2026. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including any information incorporated herein by reference) contains, and future oral and written statements of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. ("HTLF") and its management may contain, forward-looking statements within the meaning of such term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") with respect to the business, financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives and future performance of HTLF. Any statements about HTLF's expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include information about possible or assumed future results of HTLF's operations or performance, and may be based upon beliefs, expectations and assumptions of HTLF's management. These forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "project," "may," "will," "would," "could," "should," "view," "opportunity," "potential," or other similar expressions. Although HTLF has made these statements based on management's experience and best estimate of future events, the ability of HTLF to predict results or the actual effect or outcomes of plans or strategies is inherently uncertain, and there may be events or factors that management has not anticipated. Therefore, the accuracy and achievement of such forward-looking statements and estimates are subject to a number of risks, many of which are beyond the ability of management to control or predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in its forward-looking statements. These factors, which HTLF currently believes could have a material adverse effect on its operations and future prospects include, among others, those described below and in the risk factors in HTLF's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including the "Risk Factors" section under Item 1A of Part I of the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequent Quarterly Reports filed on Form 10-Q: 
 Economic and Market Conditions Risks, including risks related to the deterioration of the U.S. economy in general and in the local economies in which HTLF conducts its operations and future civil unrest, natural disasters, pandemics and governmental measures addressing them, climate change and climate-related regulations, persistent inflation, higher interest rates, recession, supply chain issues, labor shortages, terrorist threats or acts of war; 
 Credit Risks, including risks of increasing credit losses due to deterioration in the financial condition of HTLF's borrowers, changes in asset and collateral values due to climate and other borrower industry risks, which may impact the provision for credit losses and net charge-offs; 
 Liquidity and Interest Rate Risks, including the impact of capital market conditions, interest rate changes and changes in monetary policy on our borrowings and net interest income; 
 Risks related to the Merger, the fluctuation of the market value of the merger consideration, risks related to combining our businesses, including expenses related to the Merger and integration of the combined entity, risks that the Merger may not occur, and the risk of litigation related to the Merger; 
 Operational Risks, including processing, information systems, cybersecurity, vendor, business interruption, and fraud risks; 
 Strategic and External Risks, including economic, political, and competitive forces impacting our business; and 
 Legal, Compliance and Reputational Risks, including regulatory and litigation risks. 
 
 For information regarding factors that could affect the Company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors disclosed in the "Risk Factors" sections above and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Quarterly Reports filed on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 
 These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements made by HTLF or on its behalf, and undue reliance should not be placed on these statements. There can be no assurance that other factors not currently anticipated by HTLF will not materially and adversely affect the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. All statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the date they are made. HTLF does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions which may be made or to correct or update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or to otherwise update any statement in light of new information or future events. Further information concerning HTLF and its business, including additional factors that could materially affect HTLF s financial results, is included in the company s filings with the SEC. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. These estimates are based upon historical experience and on various other 

assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Among other things, the estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The estimates and judgments that management believes have the most effect on HTLF's reported financial position and results of operations are described as critical accounting policies in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes in the critical accounting estimates or the assumptions and judgments utilized in applying these estimates since December 31, 2023. 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Heartland Financial USA, Inc. is a Denver, Colorado-based bank holding company operating under the brand name "HTLF". HTLF's banks (referred to herein collectively as the "Banks", "Bank Markets") serve customers in the West, Southwest, and Midwest regions. HTLF is committed to serving the banking needs of privately owned businesses, their owners, executives and employees. Its core commercial business is supported by a strong retail banking operation, in addition to a diversified line of financial services including treasury management, wealth management and investments. As of September 30, 2024, HTLF operated under 10 local bank brands through a total of 107 locations. 
 
 HTLF's results of operations depend primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Noninterest income, which includes service charges and fees, loan servicing income, trust fees, brokerage and insurance commissions, capital markets fees, net securities gains/(losses), net gains on sale of loans held for sale, and income on bank owned life insurance, also affects the results of operations. HTLF's principal operating expenses, aside from interest expense, consist of the provision for credit losses, salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, furniture and equipment costs, professional fees, FDIC insurance assessments, advertising, core deposit intangibles amortization, other real estate and loan collection expenses, (gains)/losses on sales/valuation of assets, partnership investment in tax credit projects and acquisition, integration and restructuring costs. 
 
 Overview of Third Quarter and Year to Date results as of September 30, 2024 
 
 HTLF reported the following results for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023: 
 Net income available to common stockholders of 62.1 million compared to 46.1 million, an increase of 16.1 million or 35 . 
 Earnings per diluted common share of 1.44 compared to 1.08, an increase of 0.36 or 33 . 
 Adjusted earnings available to common stockholders (non-GAAP) of 50.6 million or 1.17 per diluted common share compared to 48.1 million or 1.12 per diluted common share. 
 Gain on sale, net, of 29.7 million due to the sale of Rocky Mountain Bank branches in Montana. 
 Loss on security sales of 9.5 million. 
 Loss on fixed assets of 2.9 million due to branch closures and write-downs on properties listed for sale. 
 Net interest income of 157.9 million compared to 145.8 million, an increase of 12.1 million or 8 . 
 Total revenue of 176.9 million compared to 174.1 million, an increase of 2.8 million or 2 . 
 Annualized return on average assets of 1.38 compared to 0.94 . Adjusted annualized return on average assets (non-GAAP) of 1.14 compared to 0.98 . 
 Annualized return on average common equity of 12.60 compared to 10.47 . Adjusted annualized return on average common equity (non-GAAP) of 10.27 compared to 10.92 . 
 Annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) of 18.32 compared to 16.32 . Adjusted annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) of 14.98 compared to 17.02 . 
 
 HTLF reported the following results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 : 
 Net income available to common stockholders of 149.6 million compared to 144.2 million, an increase of 5.3 million or 4 . 
 Earnings per diluted common share of 3.47 compared to 3.37, an increase of 0.10 or 3 . 
 Adjusted earnings available to common stockholders (non-GAAP) of 152.7 million or 3.54 per diluted common share compared to 148.3 million or 3.47 per diluted common share. 
 Net interest income of 470.9 million compared to 445.1 million, an increase of 25.8 million or 6 . 
 Total revenue of 535.7 million compared to 536.0 million, a decrease of 260,000 or less than 1 . 

Annualized return on average assets of 1.10 compared to 1.00 . Adjusted annualized return on average assets (non-GAAP) of 1.12 compared to 1.02 
 Annualized return on average common equity of 10.59 compared to 11.28 . Adjusted annualized return on average common equity (non-GAAP) of 10.81 compared to 11.60 . 
 Annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) of 15.77 compared to 17.82 . Adjusted annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) of 16.09 compared to 18.31 . 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, net interest margin was 3.73 (3.78 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP), compared to 3.68 (3.73 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the second quarter of 2024, and 3.14 (3.18 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, net interest margin was 3.65 (3.69 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) compared to 3.23 (3.27 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 The efficiency ratio was 48.58 (57.98 on an adjusted fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 63.77 (59.95 on an adjusted fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the same quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, the efficiency ratio was 58.94 (58.16 on an adjusted fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) compared to 61.86 (58.98 on an adjusted fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Total assets were 18.27 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.14 billion or 6 since December 31, 2023. Securities represented 27 and 29 of total assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Total loans held to maturity were 11.44 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 12.07 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 627.7 million or 5 . Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 343.8 million, total loans decreased 283.9 million or 2 since year-end 2023. 
 
 The total allowance for lending related credit losses was 117.3 million or 1.02 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 139.0 million or 1.15 of total loans at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Total deposits were 14.95 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 16.20 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 1.25 billion or 8 . Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank total deposits sold of 531.9 million, total deposits decreased 716.6 million or 4 since year-end 2023. As of September 30, 2024, 68 of HTLF's deposits were insured or collateralized. 
 
 Total equity was 2.14 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.93 billion at December 31, 2023. Book value per common share was 47.33 at September 30, 2024, compared to 42.69 at year-end 2023. The unrealized loss on securities available for sale including the unrealized gain on the fair value security hedges, net of applicable taxes, was 365.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to an unrealized loss of 453.7 million, net of applicable taxes, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information on the usage and presentation of the foregoing non-GAAP measures, and refer to the financial tables under "Financial Highlights" for the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 
 2024 Developments 
 
 Rocky Mountain Bank Sale 
 HTLF Bank closed on the sale of the Rocky Mountain Bank branches in Montana in mid-July to two purchasers, which included loans of 343.8 million, deposits of 531.9 million and fixed assets of 13.8 million. The gain on sale, net, of 29.7 million was realized in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 In early October, in response to favorable market conditions, HTLF terminated the interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with initial notional amounts totaling 838.1 million which were primarily designed to provide protection against unrealized securities losses. Additionally, in early October, in response to favorable market conditions, HTLF terminated the interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges with total original notional amounts of 2.50 billion which were used to convert certain long-term fixed rate loans to floating rates to hedge interest rate risk exposure. The 1.8 million net fair value basis will be amortized over the remaining life of the underlying assets. 
 
 In early November, HTLF paid off the 500.0 million advance from the BTFP with cash and cash equivalents. The BTFP advance was obtained during the first quarter of 2024 and was due in 2025, prepayable at any time without penalty. HTLF Bank pledged 501.8 million of securities to support the borrowings as of September 30, 2024. 

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA Interest income 253,794 245,432 761,145 697,910 Interest expense 95,897 99,676 290,292 252,810 Net interest income 157,897 145,756 470,853 445,100 Provision for credit losses 6,276 1,516 16,270 9,969 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 151,621 144,240 454,583 435,131 Noninterest income 18,992 28,383 64,862 90,875 Noninterest expenses 85,927 111,053 315,766 331,542 Income taxes 20,533 13,479 48,077 44,181 Net income 64,153 48,091 155,602 150,283 Preferred dividends (2,013) (2,013) (6,038) (6,038) Net income available to common stockholders 62,140 46,078 149,564 144,245 Adjusted earnings available to common stockholders (non-GAAP) (1) 
 50,634 48,101 152,669 148,342 KEY PERFORMANCE RATIOS Annualized return on average assets 1.38 0.94 1.10 1.00 Adjusted annualized return on average assets (non-GAAP) (1) 
 1.14 0.98 1.12 1.02 Annualized return on average common equity (GAAP) 12.60 10.47 10.59 11.28 Adjusted annualized return on average common equity (non-GAAP) (1) 
 10.27 10.92 10.81 11.60 Annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) (1) 
 18.32 16.32 15.77 17.82 Adjusted annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) (1) 
 14.98 17.02 16.09 18.31 Annualized ratio of net charge-offs/(recoveries) to average loans 0.99 0.12 0.43 0.14 Annualized net interest margin (GAAP) 3.73 3.14 3.65 3.23 Annualized net interest margin, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) (1) 
 3.78 3.18 3.69 3.27 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 48.58 63.77 58.94 61.86 Adjusted efficiency ratio, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) (1) 
 57.98 59.95 58.16 58.98 Annualized ratio of total noninterest expenses to average assets (GAAP) 1.85 2.18 2.23 2.20 Annualized ratio of core expenses to average assets (non-GAAP) (1) 
 2.35 2.08 2.30 2.12 (1) Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information on the usage and presentation of these non-GAAP measures, and refer to these financial tables for the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) As of and For the Quarter Ended 9/30/2024 6/30/2024 3/31/2024 12/31/2023 9/30/2023 BALANCE SHEET DATA Investments 4,966,469 5,098,718 5,327,801 5,576,409 6,408,156 Loans held for sale 348,761 352,744 5,071 6,262 Loans receivable held to maturity 11,440,917 11,608,309 11,644,641 12,068,645 11,872,436 Allowance for credit losses 106,797 126,861 123,934 122,566 110,208 Total assets 18,272,293 18,812,670 19,132,827 19,411,707 20,129,793 Total deposits 
 14,953,216 14,956,590 15,302,166 16,201,714 17,100,993 Term debt 373,324 372,988 372,652 372,396 372,059 Common equity 2,029,668 1,917,145 1,868,128 1,822,412 1,714,825 COMMON SHARE DATA Book value per common share (GAAP) 47.33 44.74 43.66 42.69 40.20 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) (1) 
 33.57 30.94 29.81 28.77 26.23 ASC 320 effect on book value per common share (8.78) (10.82) (11.18) (11.00) (16.27) Common shares outstanding, net of treasury stock 42,883,865 42,852,180 42,783,670 42,688,008 42,656,303 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) (1) 
 8.14 7.28 6.88 6.53 5.73 (1) Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information on the usage and presentation of these non-GAAP measures, and refer to these financial tables for the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) As of and For the Quarter Ended 9/30/2024 6/30/2024 3/31/2024 12/31/2023 9/30/2023 Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value Per Common Share (non-GAAP) Common stockholders' equity (GAAP) 2,029,668 1,917,145 1,868,128 1,822,412 1,714,825 Less goodwill 576,005 576,005 576,005 576,005 576,005 Less core deposit intangibles, net 14,157 15,501 16,923 18,415 20,026 Tangible common stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) 1,439,506 1,325,639 1,275,200 1,227,992 1,118,794 Common shares outstanding, net of treasury stock 42,883,865 42,852,180 42,783,670 42,688,008 42,656,303 Common stockholders' equity (book value) per share (GAAP) 47.33 44.74 43.66 42.69 40.20 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) 33.57 30.94 29.81 28.77 26.23 Reconciliation of Tangible Common Equity Ratio (non-GAAP) Tangible common stockholders' equity (non-GAAP) 1,439,506 1,325,639 1,275,200 1,227,992 1,118,794 Total assets (GAAP) 18,272,293 18,812,670 19,132,827 19,411,707 20,129,793 Less goodwill 576,005 576,005 576,005 576,005 576,005 Less core deposit intangibles, net 14,157 15,501 16,923 18,415 20,026 Total tangible assets (non-GAAP) 17,682,131 18,221,164 18,539,899 18,817,287 19,533,762 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) 8.14 7.28 6.88 6.53 5.73 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an effective tax rate of 21 . 
 
 NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) For the Quarter Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Annualized Return on Average Tangible Common Equity (non-GAAP) Earnings available to common stockholders (GAAP) 62,140 46,078 149,564 144,245 Plus core deposit intangibles amortization, net of tax (2) 
 1,022 1,240 3,236 3,908 Earnings available to common stockholders excluding intangible amortization (non-GAAP) 63,162 47,318 152,800 148,153 Average common equity (GAAP) 1,962,334 1,746,818 1,886,454 1,710,230 Less average goodwill 576,005 576,005 576,005 576,005 Less average core deposit intangibles, net 14,814 20,821 16,208 22,501 Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 1,371,515 1,149,992 1,294,241 1,111,724 Annualized return on average common equity (GAAP) 12.60 10.47 10.59 11.28 Annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 18.32 16.32 15.77 17.82 Reconciliation of Annualized Net Interest Margin, Fully Tax-Equivalent (non-GAAP) Net interest income (GAAP) 157,897 145,756 470,853 445,100 Plus tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 
 2,010 2,152 5,981 6,497 Net interest income, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) 159,907 147,908 476,834 451,597 Average earning assets 16,838,131 18,439,010 17,254,023 18,451,907 Annualized net interest margin (GAAP) 3.73 3.14 3.65 3.23 Annualized net interest margin, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) (1) 
 3.78 3.18 3.69 3.27 Net purchase accounting discount accretion on loans included in annualized net interest margin 0.02 0.01 0.02 0.02 

NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) For the Quarter Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Adjusted Efficiency Ratio (non-GAAP) Net interest income (GAAP) 157,897 145,756 470,853 445,100 Tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 
 2,010 2,152 5,981 6,497 Fully tax-equivalent net interest income 159,907 147,908 476,834 451,597 Noninterest income (GAAP) 18,992 28,383 64,862 90,875 Securities (gains)/losses, net 9,520 114 19,573 1,532 Unrealized gain on equity securities, net (377) (13) (605) (165) Adjusted revenue (non-GAAP) 188,042 176,392 560,664 543,839 Total noninterest expenses (GAAP) 85,927 111,053 315,766 331,542 Less: Core deposit intangibles amortization 1,345 1,625 4,258 5,128 Partnership investment in tax credit projects 222 1,136 938 1,828 (Gain)/loss on sales/valuation of assets, net (26,419) 108 (26,012) (2,149) Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 2,026 2,429 9,374 5,994 FDIC special assessment (267) 1,151 Core expenses (non-GAAP) 109,020 105,755 326,057 320,741 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 48.58 63.77 58.94 61.86 Adjusted efficiency ratio, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) 57.98 59.95 58.16 58.98 Reconciliation of Annualized Ratio of Core Expenses to Average Assets (non-GAAP) Total noninterest expenses (GAAP) 85,927 111,053 315,766 331,542 Core expenses (non-GAAP) 109,020 105,755 326,057 320,741 Average assets 18,439,910 20,207,920 18,924,862 20,182,808 Total noninterest expenses to average assets (GAAP) 1.85 2.18 2.23 2.20 Core expenses to average assets (non-GAAP) 2.35 2.08 2.30 2.12 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs Salaries and employee benefits 58 94 689 261 Furniture and equipment 52 105 Professional fees 1,674 1,617 7,990 3,619 Advertising 178 522 Other noninterest expenses 242 540 590 1,592 Total acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 2,026 2,429 9,374 5,994 After tax impact on diluted earnings per common share (1) 
 0.04 0.04 0.17 0.11 

NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) For the Quarter Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) Net income/(loss) 64,153 48,091 155,602 150,283 (Gain)/loss from sale of securities 9,520 114 19,573 1,532 (Gain)/loss on sales/valuation of assets, net (26,419) 108 (26,012) (2,149) Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 2,026 2,429 9,374 5,994 FDIC special assessment (267) 1,151 Total adjustments (15,140) 2,651 4,086 5,377 Tax effect of adjustments (2) 
 3,634 (628) (981) (1,280) Adjusted earnings 52,647 50,114 158,707 154,380 Preferred dividends (2,013) (2,013) (6,038) (6,038) Adjusted earnings available to common stockholders 50,634 48,101 152,669 148,342 Plus core deposit intangibles amortization, net of tax (2) 
 1,022 1,240 3,236 3,908 Earnings available to common stockholders excluding intangible amortization (non-GAAP) 51,656 49,341 155,905 152,250 Reconciliation of Adjusted Annualized Return on Average Assets Average assets 18,439,910 20,207,920 18,924,862 20,182,808 Adjusted annualized return on average assets (non-GAAP) 1.14 0.98 1.12 1.02 Reconciliation of Adjusted Annualized Return on Average Common Equity Average common stockholders' equity (GAAP) 1,962,334 1,746,818 1,886,454 1,710,230 Adjusted annualized return on average common equity (non-GAAP) 10.27 10.92 10.81 11.60 Reconciliation of Adjusted Annualized Return on Average Tangible Common Equity Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 1,371,515 1,149,992 1,294,241 1,111,724 Adjusted annualized return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 14.98 17.02 16.09 18.31 Reconciliation of Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Weighted average shares outstanding-diluted 43,195,257 42,812,563 43,080,422 42,769,872 Adjusted diluted earnings per common share 1.17 1.12 3.54 3.47 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an effective tax rate of 21 . (2) Tax effect is calculated based on the respective periods year-to-date effective tax rate excluding the impact of discrete items. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains references to financial measures which are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). Management believes the non-GAAP measures are helpful for investors to analyze and evaluate HTLF's financial condition and operating results. However, these non-GAAP measures have inherent limitations and should not be considered a substitute for operating results determined in accordance with GAAP. Additionally, because non-GAAP measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare the non-GAAP measures presented in this section with other companies' non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure may be found in the financial tables above. 
 
 The non-GAAP measures presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, management's reason for including each measure and the method of calculating each measure are presented below: 
 Adjusted earnings available to common stockholders and adjusted diluted earnings per common share, adjusts net income for the loss/(gain) from sale of securities, and other non-operating expenses as well as the tax effect of those transactions. Management believes these measures enhance the comparability net income available to common stockholders as it reflects adjustments commonly made by management, investors and analysts to evaluate the ongoing operations and enhance comparability with the results of prior periods. 
 Adjusted annualized return on average assets, adjusts net income for the loss/(gain) from sale of securities, and other non-operating expenses as well as the tax effect of those transactions. Management believes this measure enhances the comparability of annualized return on average assets as it reflects adjustments commonly made by management, investors and analysts to evaluate the ongoing operations and enhance comparability with the results of prior periods. 
 Adjusted annualized return on average common equity, adjusts net income for the loss/(gain) from sale of securities, and other non-operating expenses as well as the tax effect of those transactions. Management believes this measure enhances the comparability of annualized return on average assets as it reflects adjustments commonly made by management, investors and analysts to evaluate the ongoing operations and enhance comparability with the results of prior periods. 
 Tangible book value per common share is total common equity less goodwill and core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net, divided by common shares outstanding, net of treasury. This measure is included as it is considered to be a critical metric to analyze and evaluate use of equity, financial condition and capital strength. 
 Tangible common equity ratio is total common equity less goodwill and core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net, divided by total assets less goodwill and core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net. This measure is included as it is considered to be a critical metric to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. 
 Annualized return on average tangible common equity is net income excluding intangible amortization calculated as (1) net income excluding tax-effected core deposit and customer relationship intangibles amortization, divided by (2) average common equity less goodwill and core deposit and customer relationship intangibles, net. This measure is included as it is considered to be a critical metric to analyze and evaluate use of equity, financial condition and capital strength. 
 Adjusted annualized return on average tangible common equity, adjusts net income available to common stockholders for the loss/(gain) from sale of securities, and other non-operating expenses as well as the tax effect of those transactions. Management believes this measure enhances the comparability of annualized return on average assets as it reflects adjustments commonly made by management, investors and analysts to evaluate the ongoing operations and enhance comparability with the results of prior periods. 
 Net interest income, fully tax-equivalent, is net income adjusted for the tax-favored status of certain loans and securities. Management believes this measure enhances the comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. 
 Annualized net interest margin, fully tax-equivalent, adjusts net interest income for the tax-favored status of certain loans and securities. Management believes this measure enhances the comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. 
 Adjusted efficiency ratio, fully tax-equivalent, expresses adjusted noninterest expenses as a percentage of fully tax-equivalent net interest income and adjusted noninterest income. This adjusted efficiency ratio is presented on a tax-equivalent basis which adjusts net interest income and noninterest expenses for the tax favored status of certain loans, securities, and tax credit projects. Management believes the presentation of this non-GAAP measure provides supplemental useful information for proper understanding of the financial results as it enhances the comparability of income and expenses arising from taxable and nontaxable sources and excludes specific items as noted in the reconciliation contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Annualized ratio of core expenses to average assets adjusts noninterest expenses to exclude specific items noted in the reconciliation. Management includes this measure as it is considered to be a critical metric to analyze and evaluate controllable expenses related to primary business operations. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Interest Margin and Net Interest Income 
 HTLF's management seeks to optimize net interest income and net interest margin through the growth of earning assets and customer deposits while managing asset and liability positions because they are key indicators of HTLF's profitability. 
 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest income on earning assets and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities. As such, net interest income is affected by changes in volumes and yields on earning assets and the volume and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average earning assets. 
 
 For the Quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Net interest margin, expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, was 3.73 (3.78 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3.14 (3.18 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the third quarter of 2023. Net interest margin included 2 basis points and 1 basis point of net purchase accounting discount amortization for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. HTLF's net interest margin may be impacted in future periods as a result of market pressures to increase deposit pricing due to competition. Management anticipates utilizing cash flow from the investment portfolio to pay down wholesale deposits and short-term borrowings, which would positively impact net interest margin. 
 
 Total interest income and average earning asset changes for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 were: 
 Total interest income was 253.8 million compared to 245.4 million, an increase of 8.4 million or 3 and primarily attributable to an increase in yields on average earning assets. During the third quarter of 2024, HTLF recorded 5.3 million in additional interest income for a security that paid off. 
 Total interest income on a tax-equivalent basis (non-GAAP) was 255.8 million, an increase of 8.2 million or 3 , from 247.6 million. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the fair value hedges were terminated in favorable market conditions in early October. HTLF recorded 10.3 million of interest income associated with the fair value hedges in the third quarter of 2024 in comparison to 5.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. As a result of the fair value hedge terminations, no additional interest income related to fair value hedges will be recorded. 
 Average earning assets decreased 1.60 billion or 9 to 16.84 billion compared to 18.44 billion, primarily due to the sale of 865.4 million of securities during the fourth quarter of 2023, 108.4 million of securities sold during the second quarter of 2024, and 40.3 million of securities sold during the third quarter of 2024. The proceeds were utilized to pay down high-cost wholesale deposits and borrowings. 
 The average rate on earning assets increased 71 basis points to 6.04 compared to 5.33 , primarily due to recent interest rate increases on earning assets. 
 
 Total interest expense and average interest-bearing liability changes for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 were: 
 Total interest expense was 95.9 million, a decrease of 3.8 million from 99.7 million, primarily due to a decrease in average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 The average interest rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased 17 basis points to 3.18 from 3.01 . 
 Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 1.65 billion or 13 to 11.03 billion from 12.68 billion. 
 The average interest rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased 4 basis points to 2.86 from 2.90 . 
 Average borrowings and term debt increased 478.2 million to 953.9 million from 475.7 million, and the average interest rate paid on borrowings decreased 39 basis points to 5.39 compared to 5.78 . 
 
 Net interest income changes for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 were: 
 Net interest income totaled 157.9 million compared to 145.8 million, an increase of 12.1 million or 8 . 
 Net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis (non-GAAP) totaled 159.9 million compared to 147.9 million, which was an increase of 12.0 million or 8 . 
 
 For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Net interest margin, expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, was 3.65 (3.69 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) during the first nine months of 2024, compared to 3.23 (3.27 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) during the first nine months of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net interest margin included 2 basis points of net purchase accounting discount amortization. 

Total interest income and average earning asset changes for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 were: 
 Total interest income was 761.1 million, an increase of 63.2 million or 9 from 697.9 million, primarily attributable to an increase in yields on average earning assets. Interest income on investments and loans recognized from derivatives was 30.3 million during the first nine months of 2024 compared to 10.2 million during the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 20.1 million. 
 Total interest income on a tax-equivalent basis (non-GAAP) was 767.1 million, an increase of 62.7 million or 9 from 704.4 million. As previously stated, subsequent to September 30, 2024, the fair value hedges were terminated in favorable market conditions in early October. HTLF recorded 29.9 million of interest income associated with the fair value hedges in the first nine months of 2024 in comparison to 10.2 million in the first nine months of 2023. As a result of the fair value hedge terminations, no additional interest income related to fair value hedges will be recorded. 
 Average earning assets decreased 1.20 billion or 6 to 17.25 billion compared to 18.45 billion, primarily due to the sale of 865.4 million of securities during the fourth quarter of 2023, 108.4 million of securities sold during the second quarter of 2024, and 40.3 million of securities sold during the third quarter of 2024. 
 The average rate on earning assets increased 84 basis points to 5.94 compared to 5.10 , primarily due to recent increases in market interest rates. 
 
 Total interest expense and average interest-bearing liability changes for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 were: 
 Total interest expense was 290.3 million, an increase of 37.5 million from 252.8 million, primarily due to increases in the average interest rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities, partially offset by decreases in average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 The average interest rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased 54 basis points to 3.14 compared to 2.60 . 
 Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 1.20 billion or 10 to 11.28 billion from 12.48 billion, which was primarily attributable to a decrease in wholesale and institutional deposits. Average wholesale and institutional deposits totaled 940.8 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2.79 billion for the first nine months of 2023. 
 The average interest rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was 2.93 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2.48 for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 45 basis points. 
 Average borrowings and term debt increased 564.1 million to 1.07 billion from 510.3 million, and the average interest rate paid on borrowings was 5.31 compared to 5.55 . 
 
 See "Analysis of Average Balances, Tax-Equivalent Yields and Rates" for additional information relating to net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis, which is not defined by GAAP. 
 
 HTLF attempts to manage its balance sheet to minimize the effect that a change in interest rates has on its net interest income. Management continues to work toward improving both its earning assets and funding mix through targeted organic growth strategies, which management believes will result in additional net interest income. In addition, management continually monitors the balance sheet position for opportunities to increase net interest income. HTLF models and reviews simulations using various improving and deteriorating interest rate scenarios to assist in monitoring its exposure to interest rate risk. Based on these simulations, HTLF management considers actions necessary to maintain a balanced and manageable interest rate posture. Item 3 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains additional information about the results of the most recent net interest income simulations. Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains a detailed discussion of the derivative instruments utilized to manage its interest rate risk. 
 
 The following tables set forth certain information relating to average consolidated balance sheets and reflect the yield on average earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities for the periods indicated, in thousands. Such yields and costs are calculated by dividing income or expense by the average balance of assets or liabilities. Average balances are derived from daily balances, and nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in each respective loan category. Assets that receive favorable tax treatment are evaluated on a tax-equivalent basis assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 . Tax-favored assets generally have lower contractual pre-tax yields than fully taxable assets. A tax-equivalent yield is calculated by adding the tax savings to the interest earned on tax favored assets and dividing this amount by the average balance of the tax favorable assets. 

ANALYSIS OF AVERAGE BALANCES, TAX-EQUIVALENT YIELDS AND RATES (1) 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate Earning Assets Securities: Taxable 4,254,529 51,116 4.78 4,490,407 47,381 4.24 5,726,057 54,800 3.80 Nontaxable (1) 
 768,483 7,313 3.79 759,234 7,383 3.91 881,162 8,085 3.64 Total securities 5,023,012 58,429 4.63 5,249,641 54,764 4.20 6,607,219 62,885 3.78 Interest on deposits with other banks and short-term investments 355,394 4,193 4.69 194,824 3,045 6.29 142,301 1,651 4.60 Federal funds sold 152 3 7.83 Loans: (2) 
 Commercial and industrial (1) 
 3,531,206 65,972 7.43 3,638,004 69,469 7.68 3,610,677 63,001 6.92 PPP loans 1,759 5 1.13 2,242 7 1.26 3,948 11 1.11 Owner occupied commercial real estate 2,527,006 35,189 5.54 2,615,504 37,028 5.69 2,412,501 30,127 4.95 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate 2,474,036 39,536 6.36 2,519,346 39,272 6.27 2,586,011 38,779 5.95 Real estate construction 1,106,387 22,878 8.23 1,093,399 21,770 8.01 1,027,544 19,448 7.51 Agricultural and agricultural real estate 757,745 11,536 6.06 879,707 13,390 6.12 822,957 12,582 6.07 Residential real estate 725,901 9,110 4.99 776,821 9,454 4.89 827,402 9,482 4.55 Consumer 460,959 8,956 7.73 485,266 9,421 7.81 509,024 9,615 7.49 Less: allowance for credit losses (125,274) (123,319) (110,726) Net loans 11,459,725 193,182 6.71 11,886,970 199,811 6.76 11,689,338 183,045 6.21 Total earning assets 16,838,131 255,804 6.04 17,331,435 257,620 5.98 18,439,010 247,584 5.33 Nonearning Assets 1,601,779 1,711,927 1,768,910 Total Assets 18,439,910 19,043,362 20,207,920 Interest-bearing Liabilities Savings 8,842,494 59,307 2.67 8,834,746 55,440 2.52 8,737,581 49,195 2.23 Time deposits 2,189,861 23,669 4.30 2,372,653 25,059 4.25 3,945,371 43,549 4.38 Borrowings 580,707 7,378 5.05 881,738 10,825 4.94 103,567 1,167 4.47 Term debt 373,158 5,543 5.91 372,820 5,564 6.00 372,112 5,765 6.15 Total interest-bearing liabilities 11,986,220 95,897 3.18 12,461,957 96,888 3.13 13,158,631 99,676 3.01 Noninterest-bearing Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits 4,116,589 4,355,521 4,824,861 Accrued interest and other liabilities 264,062 251,943 366,905 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 4,380,651 4,607,464 5,191,766 Stockholders' Equity 2,073,039 1,973,941 1,857,523 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 18,439,910 19,043,362 20,207,920 Net interest income, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) (1)(3) 
 159,907 160,732 147,908 Net interest spread (1) 
 2.86 2.85 2.32 Net interest income, fully tax-equivalent to total earning assets (non-GAAP) (1)(3) 
 3.78 3.73 3.18 Interest-bearing liabilities to earning assets 71.18 71.90 71.36 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an effective tax rate of 21 . (2) Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in the average loans outstanding. (3) Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information on the usage and presentation of these non-GAAP measures, and refer to the financial tables under "Financial Highlights" for the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 

ANALYSIS OF AVERAGE BALANCES, TAX-EQUIVALENT YIELDS AND RATES (1) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate Earning Assets Securities: Taxable 4,469,258 145,511 4.35 5,927,026 168,948 3.81 Nontaxable (1) 
 768,782 22,079 3.84 899,613 23,611 3.51 Total securities 5,238,040 167,590 4.27 6,826,639 192,559 3.77 Interest-bearing deposits with other banks and other short-term investments 268,122 10,244 5.10 133,910 4,833 4.83 Federal funds sold 51 3 7.86 Loans: (2) 
 Commercial and industrial (1) 
 3,603,668 202,426 7.50 3,547,256 169,552 6.39 PPP loans 2,195 19 1.16 6,718 61 1.21 Owner occupied commercial real estate 2,583,886 107,734 5.57 2,355,545 84,927 4.82 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate 2,514,452 118,657 6.30 2,459,965 105,111 5.71 Real estate construction 1,087,280 65,497 8.05 1,051,298 56,107 7.14 Agricultural and agricultural real estate 838,395 38,682 6.16 835,673 36,191 5.79 Residential mortgage 764,515 28,699 5.01 840,143 28,138 4.48 Consumer 476,967 27,578 7.72 506,143 26,925 7.11 Less: allowance for loan losses (123,497) (111,434) Net loans 11,747,861 589,292 6.70 11,491,307 507,012 5.90 Total earning assets 17,254,023 767,126 5.94 18,451,907 704,407 5.10 Nonearning Assets 1,670,839 1,730,901 Total Assets 18,924,862 20,182,808 Interest-bearing Liabilities 
 Savings 8,828,973 169,414 2.56 9,130,980 128,372 1.88 Time deposits 2,447,293 78,195 4.27 3,344,434 103,245 4.13 Borrowings 701,548 25,727 4.90 138,157 4,437 4.29 Term debt 372,826 16,956 6.08 372,094 16,756 6.02 Total interest-bearing liabilities 12,350,640 290,292 3.14 12,985,665 252,810 2.60 Noninterest-bearing Liabilities 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 4,306,899 5,092,200 Accrued interest and other liabilities 270,164 284,008 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 4,577,063 5,376,208 Equity 1,997,159 1,820,935 Total Liabilities and Equity 18,924,862 20,182,808 Net interest income, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) (1)(3) 
 476,834 451,597 Net interest spread (1) 
 2.80 2.50 Net interest income, fully tax-equivalent (non-GAAP) to total earning assets (1)(3) 
 3.69 3.27 Interest-bearing liabilities to earning assets 71.58 70.38 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an effective tax rate of 21 . (2) Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in the average loans outstanding. (3) Refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information on the usage and presentation of these non-GAAP measures, and refer to the financial tables under "Financial Highlights" for the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 
 The following tables present the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for the major components of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, in thousands, and quantify the changes in interest income and interest expense related to changes in the average outstanding balances (volume) and those changes caused by fluctuating interest rates. For each category of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (i) changes in volume, calculated by multiplying the difference between the average balance for the current period and the average balance for the prior period by the rate for the prior period, and (ii) changes in rate, calculated by multiplying the difference between the rate for the current period and the rate for the prior period by the average balance for the prior period. The unallocated change has been allocated pro rata to volume and rate variances. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to September 30, 2023 Change Due to September 30, 2024 Compared to June 30, 2024 Change Due to September 30, 2023 Compared to September 30, 2022 Change Due to Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Earnings Assets/Interest Income Investment securities: Taxable (57,908) 54,224 (3,684) (13,041) 16,776 3,735 (23,787) 32,939 9,152 Nontaxable (1) 
 (2,542) 1,770 (772) 505 (575) (70) (2,705) 2,988 283 Interest-bearing deposits 2,508 32 2,540 5,628 (4,482) 1,146 (2,330) 2,900 570 Federal funds sold (1) (2) (3) 3 3 Loans (1)(2) 
 (20,867) 31,004 10,137 (5,418) (1,211) (6,629) 12,520 47,099 59,619 Total earning assets (78,810) 87,028 8,218 (12,326) 10,508 (1,818) (16,302) 85,929 69,627 Liabilities/Interest Expense Interest-bearing deposits: Savings 588 9,524 10,112 58 3,809 3,867 (11,602) 47,890 36,288 Time deposits (19,102) (778) (19,880) (3,330) 1,940 (1,390) 14,053 27,245 41,298 Borrowings 6,040 171 6,211 (5,149) 1,702 (3,447) (566) 1,373 807 Term debt 105 (327) (222) 37 (58) (21) 7 1,346 1,353 Total interest-bearing liabilities (12,369) 8,590 (3,779) (8,384) 7,393 (991) 1,892 77,854 79,746 Net interest income (66,441) 78,438 11,997 (3,942) 3,115 (827) (18,194) 8,075 (10,119) (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an effective tax rate of 21 . (2) Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in average loans outstanding. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to September 30, 2023 Change Due to September 30, 2023 Compared to September 30, 2022 Change Due to Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Earnings Assets/Interest Income Investment securities: Taxable (55,407) 31,970 (23,437) (14,500) 67,082 52,582 Nontaxable (1) 
 (4,521) 2,989 (1,532) (3,069) 4,055 986 Interest-bearing deposits 5,116 294 5,410 (1,510) 4,628 3,118 Federal funds sold (1) (2) (3) 3 3 Loans (1)(2) 
 11,613 70,667 82,280 40,865 130,651 171,516 Total earning assets (43,200) 105,918 62,718 21,786 206,419 228,205 Liabilities/Interest Expense Interest-bearing deposits: Savings (6,985) 48,027 41,042 (1,923) 109,622 107,699 Time deposits (30,572) 5,522 (25,050) 20,972 78,281 99,253 Borrowings 20,579 711 21,290 60 3,883 3,943 Term debt 36 164 200 2 4,974 4,976 Total interest-bearing liabilities (16,942) 54,424 37,482 19,111 196,760 215,871 Net interest income (26,258) 51,494 25,236 2,675 9,659 12,334 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an effective tax rate of 21 . (2) Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in average loans outstanding. 

Provision For Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is established through provision expense to provide, in management's opinion, an appropriate allowance for credit losses. The following table shows the components of provision for credit losses for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision expense for credit losses-loans 8,871 2,672 22,276 12,685 Provision (benefit) expense for credit losses-unfunded commitments (2,595) (1,156) (6,006) (2,716) Total provision expense 6,276 1,516 16,270 9,969 
 
 The provision expense for credit losses for loans was 8.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, which was an increase of 6.2 million from provision expense of 2.7 million recorded in the third quarter of 2023. The provision expense for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was impacted by several factors, including: 
 The third quarter of 2024 was impacted by a nonperforming food manufacturing syndication loan currently in bankruptcy proceedings. HTLF recorded a charge-off of 19.2 million for this credit during the third quarter of 2024, of which 10.0 million was reserved for in a prior period. 
 Changes in credit quality as indicated by nonpass loans as a percentage of total loans. Nonpass loans totaled 996.2 million or 9 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and 945.8 million or 8 of total loans at June 30, 2024. Nonpass loans totaled 535.7 million or 5 of total loans at September 30, 2023 and 568.2 million or 5 of total loans at June 30, 2023. 
 
 The provision expense for credit losses for loans was 22.3 million for the first nine months of 2024, which was an increase of 9.6 million from the provision expense of 12.7 million for the first nine months of 2023. The provision expense for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was impacted by several factors, including: 
 Net charge-offs of 38.0 million were recorded for the first nine months of 2024. 
 Changes in credit quality as indicated by nonpass loans as a percentage of total loans. Nonpass loans were 9 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and 6 of total loans at December 31, 2023. Nonpass loans were 5 of total loans at September 30, 2023 and 5 of total loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The size of the loan portfolio, the levels of organic loan growth including government guaranteed loans, changes in credit quality and the variability that can occur in the factors, including the impact of economic conditions, are all considered when determining the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses and will contribute to the variability in the provision for credit losses from quarter to quarter. For additional details on the specific factors considered in establishing the allowance for credit losses, refer to the discussion of critical accounting estimates set forth in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in HTLF's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, "Allowance For Credit Losses" and "Provision for Credit Losses" in Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 4, "Allowance for Credit Losses," to the consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 
 Management believes that the allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024, was at a level commensurate with the overall risk exposure of the loan portfolio. However, deterioration in economic conditions, including a recession, could cause certain borrowers to experience difficulty and impede their ability to meet debt service. Due to the uncertainty of future economic conditions, including ongoing concerns regarding higher interest rates, supply chain challenges, workforce shortages and wage pressures, the provision for credit losses could be volatile in future quarters. 

Noninterest Income 
 The tables below show noninterest income for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges and fees 17,100 18,553 (1,453) (8) Loan servicing income 111 278 (167) (60) Trust fees 5,272 4,734 538 11 Brokerage and insurance commissions 853 692 161 23 Capital markets fees 2,116 1,845 271 15 Securities (losses) gains, net (9,520) (114) (9,406) (8,251) Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities, net 377 13 364 (2,800) Net gains on sale of loans held for sale 905 (905) (100) Income on bank owned life insurance 1,107 858 249 29 Other noninterest income 1,576 619 957 155 Total noninterest income 18,992 28,383 (9,391) (33) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges and fees 51,127 55,316 (4,189) (8) Loan servicing income 349 1,403 (1,054) (75) Trust fees 15,847 15,810 37 Brokerage and insurance commissions 2,501 2,065 436 21 Capital markets fees 5,003 8,331 (3,328) (40) Securities losses, net (19,573) (1,532) (18,041) 1,178 Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity securities, net 605 165 440 (267) Net gains on sale of loans held for sale 104 3,786 (3,682) (97) Income on bank owned life insurance 3,610 3,042 568 19 Other noninterest income 5,289 2,489 2,800 112 Total noninterest income 64,862 90,875 (26,013) (29) 
 
 Total noninterest income was 19.0 million during the third quarter of 2024 compared to 28.4 million during the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 9.4 million or 33 . Total noninterest income was 64.9 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 90.9 million for the first nine months of 2023, a decrease of 26.0 million or 29 . Notable changes in noninterest income categories for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 

Service charges and fees 
 The following tables summarize the changes in service charges and fees for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges and fees on deposit accounts 5,969 5,431 538 10 Overdraft fees 776 3,184 (2,408) (76) Customer service and other service fees 77 94 (17) (18) Credit card fee income 7,868 7,551 317 4 Debit card income 2,410 2,293 117 5 Total service charges and fees 17,100 18,553 (1,453) (8) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges and fees on deposit accounts 17,972 15,571 2,401 15 Overdraft fees 2,877 9,248 (6,371) (69) Customer service and other service fees 259 280 (21) (8) Credit card fee income 22,660 23,462 (802) (3) Debit card income 7,359 6,755 604 9 Total service charges and fees 51,127 55,316 (4,189) (8) 
 
 The decrease in service charges and fees on deposit accounts in both the three- and nine months periods was primarily attributable to the decrease in consumer NSF and overdrafts fees. In December 2023, in response to industry changes related to the consumer overdraft fees, HTLF modified its consumer deposit product and fee structure, including overdraft fees. As a result, management anticipated a decline in overdraft fees during 2024 and future periods. 
 
 Loan servicing income 
 Loan servicing income includes the fees collected for the servicing of commercial, agricultural, and mortgage loans, which depend upon the aggregate outstanding balances of these loans. In the first quarter of 2023, First Bank Trust, a division of HTLF Bank, sold its mortgage servicing rights portfolio. As a result, loan servicing income declined 1.1 million or 75 , to 349,000 for the first nine months of 2024 from 1.4 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Trust fees 
 Trust fees totaled 5.3 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 4.7 million for the same quarter of 2023, an increase of 538,000 or 11 . For the first nine months of 2024, trust fees totaled 15.8 million compared to 15.8 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 37,000 or less than 1 . The increase in both the three- and nine months periods was primarily attributable to an increase in the fair market value of trust assets. 
 
 Capital markets fees 
 Capital markets fees totaled 2.1 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.8 million for the same quarter of 2023, an increase of 271,000 or 15 . Syndication income increased 55,000 or 21 to 315,000 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 260,000 for the same quarter of 2023. Swap fee income increased 215,000 or 14 to 1.8 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.6 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 For the first nine months of 2024, capital markets fees totaled 5.0 million, a decrease of 3.3 million or 40 from 8.3 million for the first nine months of 2023. Syndication income decreased 962,000 or 58 to 695,000 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1.7 million for the first nine months of 2023. Swap fee income decreased 2.4 million or 35 to 4.3 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 6.7 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Capital markets fees vary, in part, based upon the size of the transaction and are recognized upon the closing of the transaction. 

Securities (losses) gains, net 
 For the third quarter of 2024, net security losses totaled 9.5 million compared to net losses of 114,000 for the third quarter of 2023, a change of 9.4 million. For the first nine months of 2024, net security losses totaled 19.6 million compared to net losses of 1.5 million during the first nine months of 2023, a change of 18.0 million. HTLF sold 108.4 million of securities during the second quarter of 2024 and 40.3 million of securities during the third quarter of 2024. The sales reduced CRE exposure to improve the risk and liquidity profile of the Bank and the proceeds were utilized to pay down high-cost wholesale deposits and borrowings. 
 
 Net gains on sale of loans held for sale 
 For the third quarter of 2024, net gains on sale of loans held for sale totaled 0, from 905,000 in the same quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, net gains on sale of loans held for sale totaled 104,000 compared to 3.8 million for the first nine months of 2023, a decrease of 3.7 million or 97 . The decrease was attributable to residential mortgage loans no longer being sold to the secondary market as HTLF ceased originating mortgage loans. 
 
 Income on bank owned life insurance 
 Income on bank owned life insurance totaled 1.1 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 249,000 or 29 , from 858,000 recorded in the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, income on bank owned life insurance totaled 3.6 million, an increase of 568,000 from 3.0 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase was attributable to market value changes in bank-owned policies. 
 
 Other noninterest income 
 Other noninterest income totaled 1.6 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 619,000 for the same quarter of 2023, an increase of 957,000 or 155 . For the first nine months of 2024, other noninterest income was 5.3 million compared to 2.5 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 2.8 million or 112 . During the first nine months of 2024, HTLF recognized 1.5 million in income associated with the assets in the deferred compensation plan, an increase of 1.0 million from 449,000 for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Noninterest Expenses 
 
 The tables below show noninterest expenses for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 62,742 62,262 480 1 Occupancy 6,318 6,438 (120) (2) Furniture and equipment 2,062 2,720 (658) (24) Professional fees 17,448 13,616 3,832 28 FDIC insurance assessments 3,035 3,313 (278) (8) Advertising 1,937 1,633 304 19 Core deposit amortization 1,345 1,625 (280) (17) Other real estate and loan collection expenses 395 481 (86) (18) Losses/(gain) on sales/valuations of assets, net (26,419) 108 (26,527) 24,562 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 2,026 2,429 (403) (17) Partnership investment in tax credit projects 222 1,136 (914) (80) Other noninterest expenses 14,816 15,292 (476) (3) Total noninterest expenses 85,927 111,053 (25,126) (23) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 191,817 186,510 5,307 3 Occupancy 19,843 20,338 (495) (2) Furniture and equipment 6,554 8,698 (2,144) (25) Professional fees 48,351 41,607 6,744 16 FDIC insurance assessments 11,344 9,627 1,717 18 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Advertising 4,663 6,670 (2,007) (30) Core deposit and customer relationship intangibles amortization 4,258 5,128 (870) (17) Other real estate and loan collection expenses 1,422 984 438 45 Loss/(gain) on sales/valuations of assets, net (26,012) (2,149) (23,863) 1,110 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 9,374 5,994 3,380 56 Partnership investment in tax credit projects 938 1,828 (890) (49) Other noninterest expenses 43,214 46,307 (3,093) (7) Total noninterest expenses 315,766 331,542 (15,776) (5) 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, noninterest expenses totaled 85.9 million compared to 111.1 million for the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 25.1 million or 23 . For the first nine months of 2024, noninterest expenses totaled 315.8 million compared to 331.5 million during the first nine months of 2023, a decrease of 15.8 million or 5 . 
 
 Notable changes in noninterest expense categories for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits 
 Salaries and employee benefits totaled 62.7 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 62.3 million for the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 480,000 million or 1 . For the first nine months of 2024, salaries and employee benefits totaled 191.8 million compared to 186.5 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 5.3 million or 3 . The increase was attributable to higher benefit costs including incentive compensation and healthcare expenses partially offset by a reduction of full-time equivalent employees. Full-time equivalent employees totaled 1,725 at September 30, 2024 compared to 1,965 at September 30, 2023, a decrease of 240 or 12 . 
 
 Professional fees 
 Professional fees totaled 17.4 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 13.6 million for the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 3.8 million or 28 . For the first nine months of 2024, professional fees totaled 48.4 million compared to 41.6 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 6.7 million or 16 . The increase was primarily driven by an increase in legal expenses, including those associated with special asset loans. 
 
 FDIC insurance assessments 
 FDIC insurance assessments totaled 3.0 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3.3 million for the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 278,000 or 8 . For the first nine months of 2024, FDIC insurance assessments totaled 11.3 million compared to 9.6 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 1.7 million or 18 . The increase was attributable to a one-time special assessment expense of 1.2 million in the first nine months of 2024. This special assessment is in addition to the 8.1 million HTLF recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 based upon additional FDIC expected losses. 
 
 Advertising 
 Advertising expenses totaled 1.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 304,000 or 19 from 1.6 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, advertising expenses totaled 4.7 million compared to 6.7 million for the first nine months of 2023, a decrease of 2.0 million or 30 . The expenses were elevated in 2023 primarily due to the deposit acquisition campaigns that were launched during that time. 
 
 Losses (gain) on sales/valuations of assets, net 
 Net gains on sales/valuations of assets were 26.4 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to net losses of 108,000 for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, net gains on sales/valuations of assets totaled 26.0 million compared to net gains of 2.1 million for the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to the sale of Rocky Mountain Bank, a division of HTLF Bank, in the third quarter of 2024, which generated a gain on sale, net, of 29.7 million. 
 
 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs 
 Acquisition, integration and restructuring costs totaled 2.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 403,000 or 17 from 2.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, acquisition, integration and restructuring costs totaled 9.4 million compared to 6.0 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 3.4 million or 56 . The increase in 2024 is primarily due to expenses related to the pending UMB merger and the sale of the Rocky Mountain Bank branches. 

Other noninterest expenses 
 Other noninterest expenses totaled 14.8 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 15.3 million in the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 476,000 or 3 . For the first nine months of 2024, other noninterest expenses totaled 43.2 million compared to 46.3 million for the first nine months of 2023, a decrease of 3.1 million or 7 . The decrease is primarily attributable to HTLF's reduced operating footprint. 
 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the efficiency ratio was 48.58 (57.98 on an adjusted efficiency ratio, fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) compared to 63.77 (59.95 on an adjusted efficiency ratio, fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the efficiency ratio was 58.94 (58.16 on an adjusted fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) compared to 61.86 (58.98 on an adjusted fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 HTLF continues to pursue strategies to improve operational efficiency. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective tax rate was 24.25 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 21.89 for the third quarter of 2023. The following items impacted the third quarter 2024 and 2023 tax calculations: 
 Solar energy tax credits of 0 compared to 844,000. 
 Federal low-income housing tax credits of 257,000 compared to 311,000. 
 New markets tax credits of 90,000 compared to 90,000. 
 Historic rehabilitation tax credits of 282,000 compared to 362,000. 
 Tax-exempt interest income as a percentage of pre-tax income of 8.92 compared to 13.14 . 
 Tax benefit of 140,000 compared to a tax expense of 41,000 resulting from the vesting of restricted stock units. 
 Tax expense of 1.1 million compared to 1.6 million resulting from the disallowed interest expense related to tax-exempt loans and securities. 
 
 The effective tax rate was 23.60 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 22.72 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The following items impacted HTLF's tax calculation for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023: 
 Solar energy tax credits of 306,000 compared to 1.2 million. 
 Federal low-income housing tax credits of 770,000 compared to 932,000. 
 New markets tax credits of 270,000 compared to 270,000. 
 Historic rehabilitation tax credits of 845,000 compared to 787,000. 
 Tax-exempt interest income as a percentage of pre-tax income of 11.05 compared to 12.57 . 
 Tax expense of 189,000 compared to 115,000 resulting from the vesting of restricted stock units. 
 Tax expense of 3.2 million compared to 3.6 million resulting from the disallowed interest expense related to tax-exempt loans and securities. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Total assets were 18.27 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.14 billion or 6 from 19.41 billion at December 31, 2023. Securities represented 27 and 29 of total assets at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

LENDING ACTIVITIES 
 
 Total loans held to maturity were 11.44 billion at September 30, 2024, and 12.07 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 627.7 million or 5 . Excluding the impact of Rock Mountain Bank, loans held to maturity decreased 283.9 million or 2 since year-end 2023. 
 
 The following table shows the changes in loan balances by loan category since December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Commercial and industrial 3,503,093 3,652,047 (148,954) (4) Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") 1,582 2,777 (1,195) (43) Owner occupied commercial real estate 2,489,697 2,638,175 (148,478) (6) Non-owner occupied commercial real estate 2,455,396 2,553,711 (98,315) (4) Real estate construction 1,119,922 1,011,716 108,206 11 Agricultural and agricultural real estate 701,211 919,184 (217,973) (24) Residential mortgage 707,984 797,829 (89,845) (11) Consumer 462,032 493,206 (31,174) (6) Total loans held to maturity 11,440,917 12,068,645 (627,728) (5) 
 
 Significant changes by loan category at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 included: 
 Commercial and industrial loans decreased 149.0 million or 4 to 3.50 billion compared to 3.65 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 71.2 million, commercial and business lending decreased 77.8 million or 2 . 
 Owner occupied commercial real estate decreased 148.5 million or 6 to 2.49 billion compared to 2.64 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 72.0 million, owner occupied commercial real estate lending decreased 76.5 million or 3 . 
 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate decreased 98.3 million or 4 to 2.46 billion compared to 2.55 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 59.2 million, owner occupied commercial real estate lending decreased 39.1 million or 2 . 
 Real estate construction loans increased 108.2 million or 11 to 1.12 billion compared to 1.01 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 11.1 million, construction loans increased 119.3 million or 12 . 
 Agricultural and agricultural real estate loans decreased 218.0 million or 24 to 701.2 million compared to 919.2 million. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 67.3 million, agricultural and agricultural real estate loans decreased 150.7 million or 16 . 
 Residential mortgage loans decreased 89.8 million or 11 to 708.0 million compared to 797.8 million. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 31.0 million, residential mortgage loans decreased 58.9 million or 7 . 
 Consumer loans decreased 31.2 million or 6 to 462.0 million compared to 493.2 million. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank loans sold of 31.9 million, consumer loans increased 699,000 or less than 1 . 

The table below presents the composition of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Loans receivable held to maturity: Commercial and industrial 3,503,093 30.62 3,652,047 30.26 PPP 1,582 0.01 2,777 0.02 Owner occupied commercial real estate 2,489,697 21.76 2,638,175 21.86 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate 2,455,396 21.46 2,553,711 21.16 Real estate construction 1,119,922 9.79 1,011,716 8.38 Agricultural and agricultural real estate 701,211 6.13 919,184 7.62 Residential mortgage 707,984 6.19 797,829 6.61 Consumer 462,032 4.04 493,206 4.09 Gross loans receivable held to maturity 11,440,917 100.00 12,068,645 100.00 Allowance for credit losses-loans (106,797) (122,566) Loans receivable, net 11,334,120 11,946,079 
 
 The following table provides detail on owner occupied commercial real estate loans classified by industry diversification as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Health Care and Social Assistance 532,070 21.37 483,073 18.31 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing 409,028 16.43 438,244 16.61 Manufacturing 244,048 9.80 277,755 10.53 Retail Trade 275,005 11.05 307,543 11.66 Other Services (except Public Administration) 185,508 7.45 197,260 7.48 Wholesale Trade 141,299 5.68 149,310 5.66 Construction 127,606 5.13 161,746 6.13 Accommodation and Food Services 110,386 4.43 121,268 4.60 Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation 86,481 3.47 90,325 3.42 All Other 378,266 15.19 411,651 15.60 Total 2,489,697 100.00 2,638,175 100.00 
 
 The following table provides geographic diversification detail on owner occupied commercial real estate loans by bank division location as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Colorado 571,570 22.97 516,354 19.56 Illinois 292,847 11.76 298,076 11.30 Arizona 294,525 11.83 297,759 11.29 California 307,272 12.34 314,135 11.91 Wisconsin 229,604 9.22 250,069 9.48 Texas 207,621 8.34 236,592 8.97 Iowa 162,383 6.52 195,491 7.41 Minnesota 162,618 6.53 158,278 6.00 New Mexico 157,085 6.31 159,401 6.04 Kansas/Missouri 104,172 4.18 119,395 4.53 Montana 92,625 3.51 Total 2,489,697 100.00 2,638,175 100.00 

The following table provides detail on non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans classified by industry diversification as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Office 418,740 17.07 424,671 16.63 Retail 428,024 17.43 432,084 16.91 Hospitality 341,132 13.89 406,516 15.92 Medical 281,504 11.46 329,306 12.90 Multifamily 309,168 12.59 294,097 11.52 Logistics/distribution 262,254 10.68 258,389 10.12 Industrial flex/other 217,890 8.87 230,167 9.01 Self-Storage 119,003 4.85 115,731 4.53 Restaurant 54,871 2.23 52,820 2.07 Other 22,810 0.93 9,930 0.39 Total 2,455,396 100.00 2,553,711 100.00 
 
 The following table provides geographic diversification detail on non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans by bank division location as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Colorado 601,941 24.52 593,688 23.25 Arizona 300,823 12.25 280,144 10.97 New Mexico 263,780 10.74 275,083 10.77 California 242,451 9.87 234,182 9.17 Illinois 245,734 10.01 244,000 9.55 Minnesota 224,169 9.13 216,458 8.48 Texas 200,569 8.17 224,571 8.79 Kansas/Missouri 135,731 5.53 148,126 5.80 Iowa 138,182 5.63 137,055 5.37 Wisconsin 102,016 4.15 124,093 4.86 Montana 76,311 2.99 Total 2,455,396 100.00 2,553,711 100.00 
 
 The shift to work-from-home and hybrid work arrangements has caused decreased utilization of and demand for office space. HTLF is actively monitoring its exposure to office space in the non-owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio and securities portfolio. As of September 30, 2024: 
 Outstanding loans totaling 418.7 million were collateralized by non-owner occupied office space, which represents 3.7 of the total loans held to maturity, and the average loan size was 1.6 million. 
 The nonaccrual rate for loans collateralized by office space was 2.4 . 
 The collateral consists primarily of multi-tenant, non-central business district properties. 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 The process utilized by HTLF to determine the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting practice. The allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of lifetime losses in the existing loan portfolio. For additional details on the specific factors considered in determining the allowance for credit losses, refer to the critical accounting estimates section of HTLF's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Total Allowance for Lending Related Credit Losses 
 
 The total allowance for lending related credit losses was 117.3 million at September 30, 2024, which was 1.02 of loans, compared to 139.0 million or 1.15 of loans at December 31, 2023. The following table shows, in thousands, the components of the allowance for lending related credit losses as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 Amount of Allowance Amount of Allowance Quantitative 96,878 82.62 102,004 73.37 Qualitative/Economic Forecast 20,381 17.38 37,030 26.63 Total 117,259 100.00 139,034 100.00 
 
 Quantitative Allowance 
 The quantitative allowance decreased 5.1 million or 5 to 96.9 million or 83 of the total allowance for lending related credit losses at September 30, 2024, compared to 102.0 million or 73 of the total allowance at December 31, 2023. The following items impacted the quantitative allowance at September 30, 2024: 
 Specific reserves for individually assessed loans totaled 9.9 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 10.5 million or 51 , from 20.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Nonpass loans totaled 996.2 million or 9 of the total loan portfolio, which was an increase of 319.9 million or 47 , from nonpass loans of 676.3 million or 6 of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Qualitative Allowance/Economic Forecast 
 The qualitative allowance totaled 20.4 million or 17 of the total allowance for lending related credit losses at September 30, 2024, compared to 37.0 million or 27 at December 31, 2023. The decrease in the qualitative allowance was driven by the improvement of the GDP forecast provided by Moody's. 
 
 HTLF has access to various third-party economic forecast scenarios provided by Moody's, which are updated quarterly in HTLF's methodology. HTLF continued to use a one year reasonable and supportable forecast period. At September 30, 2024, Moody's September 9, 2024, baseline forecast scenario was utilized, and management considered other downside forecast scenarios in addition to the baseline forecast to support the macroeconomic outlook used in the allowance for credit losses calculation. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses-Loans 
 The tables below present the changes in the allowance for credit losses for loans during the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in thousands: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of period 126,861 111,198 Provision for credit losses 8,871 2,672 Recoveries on loans previously charged off 3,202 302 Charge-offs on loans (32,137) (3,964) Balance at end of period 106,797 110,208 Allowance for credit losses for loans as a percent of loans 0.93 0.93 Annualized ratio of net charge-offs/(recoveries) to average loans 0.99 0.12 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of period 122,566 109,483 Provision for credit losses 22,276 12,685 Recoveries on loans previously charged off 5,573 3,768 Charge-offs on loans (43,618) (15,728) Balance at end of period 106,797 110,208 Allowance for credit losses for loans as a percent of loans 0.93 0.93 Annualized ratio of net charge-offs to average loans 0.43 0.14 
 
 The allowance for credit losses for loans totaled 106.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 122.6 million at December 31, 2023, and 110.2 million at September 30, 2023. The allowance for credit losses for loans at September 30, 2024, was 0.93 of loans compared to 1.02 of loans at December 31, 2023. The following items impacted the allowance for credit losses for loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 38.0 million compared to net charge-offs of 12.0 million for the first nine months of 2023, an increase of 26.1 million. 
 Provision expense for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 22.3 million. Provision expense was primarily impacted in the third quarter of 2024 by a nonperforming food manufacturing syndication loan that had a charge-off of 19.2 million, of which 10.0 million was reserved for in a prior period. 
 
 The following tables show, in thousands, the changes in the allowance for unfunded commitments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of period 13,057 18,636 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (2,595) (1,156) Balance at end of period 10,462 17,480 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at beginning of period 16,468 20,196 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (6,006) (2,716) Balance at end of period 10,462 17,480 
 
 The allowance for unfunded commitments totaled 10.5 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 16.5 million as of December 31, 2023, and 17.5 million as of September 30, 2023. The decrease in the allowance for unfunded commitments in the first nine months of 2024 was primarily due to a reduction of 82.9 million in unfunded commitments for construction loans, which carry the highest loss rate. Total unfunded commitments decreased 684.5 million or 15 to 3.94 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 4.63 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 
 CREDIT QUALITY AND NONPERFORMING ASSETS 
 
 The internal rating system for the credit quality of HTLF's loans is a series of grades reflecting management's risk assessment, based on its analysis of the borrower's financial condition. The "pass" category consists of all loans that are not in the "nonpass" category and categorized into a range of loan grades that reflect increasing, though still acceptable, risk. Movement of risk through the various grade levels in the pass category is monitored for early identification of credit deterioration. For more information on this internal rating system, see Note 3, "Loans" of the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The nonpass loans totaled 996.2 million or 9 of total loans as of September 30, 2024, compared to 676.3 million or 6 of total loans as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the nonpass loans consisted of approximately 69 watch loans 

and 31 substandard loans compared to approximately 62 watch loans and 38 substandard loans as of December 31, 2023. The percent of nonpass loans on nonaccrual status as of September 30, 2024, was 7 . 
 
 The table below presents the amounts of nonperforming loans and other nonperforming assets on the dates indicated, in thousands: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 2023 2022 Nonaccrual loans 69,115 51,304 95,426 58,231 Loans contractually past due 90 days or more 832 511 2,507 273 Total nonperforming loans 69,947 51,815 97,933 58,504 Other real estate 6,805 14,362 12,548 8,401 Other repossessed assets 1 26 Total nonperforming assets 76,752 66,178 110,481 66,931 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.61 0.44 0.81 0.51 Nonperforming assets to total loans plus repossessed property 0.67 0.56 0.91 0.59 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.42 0.33 0.57 0.33 
 
 The schedules below summarize the changes in nonperforming assets during the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2024, in thousands: 
 Nonperforming Loans Other Real Estate Owned Other Repossessed Assets Total Nonperforming Assets June 30, 2024 103,786 7,533 111,319 Loan foreclosures (105) 105 Net loan charge-offs (28,935) (28,935) New nonperforming loans 25,441 25,441 Reduction of nonperforming loans (1) 
 (30,240) (30,240) OREO/Repossessed assets sales proceeds (391) (391) OREO/Repossessed assets write-downs, net (442) (442) September 30, 2024 69,947 6,805 76,752 (1) Includes principal reductions and transfers to performing status. 
 Nonperforming Loans Other Real Estate Owned Other Repossessed Assets Total Nonperforming Assets December 31, 2023 97,933 12,548 110,481 Loan foreclosures (5,216) 5,205 11 Net loan charge-offs (38,045) (38,045) New nonperforming loans 79,257 79,257 Reduction of nonperforming loans (1) 
 (63,982) (63,982) OREO/Repossessed assets sales proceeds (10,215) (9) (10,224) OREO/Repossessed assets write-downs, net (733) (2) (735) September 30, 2024 69,947 6,805 76,752 (1) Includes principal reductions and transfers to performing status. 
 
 Total nonperforming assets were 76.8 million or 0.42 of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 110.5 million or 0.57 of total assets at December 31, 2023. Nonperforming loans were 69.9 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 97.9 million at December 31, 2023, which represented 0.61 and 0.81 of total loans at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, approximately 48.2 million or 69 of HTLF's nonperforming loans had individual loan balances exceeding 1.0 million and represented loans to 14 borrowers. The portion of the nonperforming nonresidential real estate loans covered by government guarantees totaled 6.9 million and 10.3 million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Other real estate owned, net, decreased 5.7 million or 46 to 6.8 million at September 30, 2024 from 12.5 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 SECURITIES 
 
 The composition of the securities portfolio is managed to meet liquidity needs while maximizing the return on the portfolio within the established HTLF risk appetite parameters and in consideration of the impact it has on HTLF's asset/liability position. Securities represented 27 and 29 of total assets at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Total securities carried at fair value as of September 30, 2024, were 4.06 billion, a decrease o f 589.6 million or 13 from 4.65 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 
 HTLF sold 108.4 million of securities during the second quarter of 2024 and sold 40.3 million of securities during the third quarter of 2024, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 19.4 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, securities with a carrying value of 3.47 billion and 2.63 billion, respectively, were pledged to secure public and trust deposits, short-term borrowings and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 1.41 billion of securities remained available to pledge. 
 
 The table below presents the composition of the securities portfolio, including securities carried at fair value, held to maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses, and other, by major category, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent U.S. treasuries 7,963 0.16 32,118 0.58 U.S. agencies 11,440 0.23 14,530 0.26 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 1,580,247 31.82 1,579,486 28.32 Mortgage-backed securities - agency 1,344,977 27.08 1,393,629 24.99 Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency 1,236,696 24.90 1,529,128 27.42 Commercial mortgage-backed securities - agency 62,533 1.26 64,788 1.16 Commercial mortgage-backed securities - non-agency 387,941 7.81 514,858 9.23 Asset-backed securities 122,730 2.47 217,370 3.90 Corporate bonds 120,314 2.42 118,169 2.12 Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value 22,117 0.45 21,056 0.38 Other securities 69,511 1.40 91,277 1.64 Total securities 4,966,469 100.00 5,576,409 100.00 
 
 HTLF's securities portfolio had an expected modified duration of 6.63 years as of September 30, 2024, and 6.38 years as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, HTLF had 69.5 million of other securities, including Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock. These securities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets in Securities: Other investments, at cost. 
 
 DEPOSITS 
 
 Total deposits were 14.95 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 16.20 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 1.25 billion or 8 . Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank deposits sold of 531.9 million, deposits decreased 716.6 million or 4 since year-end 2023. As of September 30, 2024, 68 of HTLF's deposits were insured or collateralized. Total uninsured deposits were 5.78 billion or 39 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 HTLF maintains a granular and diverse deposit base. As of September 30, 2024, no Bank Market represented more than 16 of total customers deposits, and no major industry represented more than 11 of total commercial customer deposits. 

The following table shows the changes in deposit balances by deposit type since year-end 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Demand-customer 4,009,218 4,500,304 (491,086) (11) Savings-customer 8,713,228 8,411,240 301,988 4 Savings-wholesale and institutional 212,964 394,357 (181,393) (46) Total savings 8,926,192 8,805,597 120,595 1 Time-customer 1,628,856 1,944,884 (316,028) (16) Time-wholesale 388,950 950,929 (561,979) (59) Total time 2,017,806 2,895,813 (878,007) (30) Total deposits 14,953,216 16,201,714 (1,248,498) (8) Total customer deposits 14,351,302 14,856,428 (505,126) (3) Total wholesale and institutional deposits 601,914 1,345,286 (743,372) (55) Total deposits 14,953,216 16,201,714 (1,248,498) (8) 
 
 Total customer deposits were 14.35 billion as of September 30, 2024 compared to 14.86 billion at December 31, 2023, which was a decrease of 505.1 million or 3 . Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank customer deposits sold of 531.9 million, customer deposits increased 26.7 million. Significant customer deposit changes by category at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, included: 
 Customer demand deposits decreased 491.1 million or 11 to 4.01 billion compared to 4.50 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank customer demand deposits sold of 131.7 million, customer demand deposits decreased 359.3 million or 8 . 
 Customer savings deposits increased 302.0 million or 4 to 8.71 billion compared to 8.41 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank customer savings deposits sold of 284.3 million, customer savings deposits increased 586.3 million or 7 . 
 Customer time deposits decreased 316.0 million or 16 to 1.63 billion compared to 1.94 billion. Excluding the Rocky Mountain Bank customer time deposits sold of 115.8 million, customer time deposits decreased 200.2 million or 10 . 
 
 Management helps customers facilitate additional FDIC insurance through Insured Cash Sweep ("ICS") products and Certificates of Deposit Registry Service ("CDARS") products. At September 30, 2024, HTLF had 601.9 million of wholesale and institutional deposits, of which 213.0 million was included in savings deposits and 389.0 million was included in time deposits. At December 31, 2023, HTLF had 1.35 billion of wholesale and institutional deposits, of which 394.4 million of wholesale savings and institutional deposits and 950.9 million was included in time deposits. 
 
 Wholesale and institutional deposits at September 30, 2024 include 389.0 million or 3 of total deposits, of brokered deposits, of which 389.0 million was included in brokered time deposits and 0 was included in ICS. Wholesale and institutional deposits at December 31, 2023, included 1.16 billion, or 7 of total deposits, of brokered deposits, of which 951.9 million was included in brokered time deposits and 210.7 million included in ICS. 
 
 HTLF has established policies with respect to the use of brokered deposits to limit the amount of brokered deposits as a percentage of total deposits and the HTLF Asset/Liability Committee monitors the use of brokered deposits on a regular basis, including interest rates and the total volume of such deposits in relation to total deposits. As of September 30, 2024, the level of brokered deposits was well within the internal policy limit of 20 of total assets. HTLF has established risk limits for the level of uninsured deposits to total deposits and uninsured and collateralized deposits to total deposits as well as deposit concentration limits for the largest one, five and 100 customers, and has been in compliance with those internal requirements for the periods presented. 

The table below presents the composition of deposits by category as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Demand-customer 4,009,218 26.81 4,500,304 27.78 Savings-customer 8,713,228 58.28 8,411,240 51.92 Savings-wholesale and institutional 212,964 1.42 394,357 2.43 Time-customer 1,628,856 10.89 1,944,884 12.00 Time-wholesale 388,950 2.60 950,929 5.87 Total 14,953,216 100.00 16,201,714 100.00 
 
 BORROWINGS 
 
 Borrowings were as follows as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Retail repurchase agreements 28,549 42,447 (13,898) (33) Advances from the FHLB 521,186 (521,186) (100) Bank term funding program 500,000 500,000 100 Other borrowings 17,670 58,622 (40,952) (70) Total 546,219 622,255 (76,036) (12) 
 
 Borrowings generally include federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, swap margin payable, short-term FHLB advances, Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP") and discount window borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank. These funding sources are utilized in varying degrees depending on their pricing and availability. HTLF Bank owns FHLB stock in the FHLB of Topeka, enabling HTLF Bank to borrow funds for short-term or long-term purposes under a variety of programs. Borrowings totaled 546.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 622.3 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 76.0 million or 12 . 
 
 The BTFP is a Federal Reserve Bank program created in the first quarter of 2023 to assist banks in meeting the liquidity needs of depositors. The BTFP ceased extending new loans on March 11, 2024. During the first quarter of 2024, HTLF Bank utilized the BTFP to obtain a 500.0 million advance due in January 2025; prepayable at any time without penalty. HTLF Bank pledged 501.8 million of securities to support the borrowings as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 HTLF Bank provides retail repurchase agreements to customers as a cash management tool. Although the aggregate balance of these retail repurchase agreements is subject to variation, the account relationships represented by these balances are principally local. The balances of retail repurchase agreements were 28.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 42.4 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 13.9 million or 33 . 
 
 Other borrowings, which include a swap margin payable account, was 17.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 58.6 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 41.0 million or 70 . Swap margin payable was 17.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 44.8 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 27.2 million or 61 . 
 
 HTLF extended its revolving credit line agreement with an unaffiliated bank on September 14, 2024. This revolving credit line agreement, which has 100.0 million of borrowing capacity, is included in borrowings, and the primary purpose of this credit line agreement is to provide liquidity. No advances occurred on this line during the first nine months of 2024, and the outstanding balance was 0 at both September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The credit agreement contains specific financial covenants which HTLF complied with as of September 30, 2024. 

TERM DEBT 
 
 The outstanding balances of term debt net of discount and issuance costs amortization as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in thousands: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Trust preferred securities 150,010 149,288 722 Contracts payable 80 (80) (100) Subordinated notes 223,314 223,028 286 Total 373,324 372,396 928 
 
 A schedule of HTLF's trust preferred securities outstanding excluding deferred issuance costs as of September 30, 2024, is as follows, in thousands: 
 Amount Issued Issuance Date Interest Rate Interest Rate as 
 of 9/30/2024 (1) 
 Maturity Date Callable Date Heartland Financial Statutory Trust IV 10,310 03/17/2004 2.75 over LIBOR 7.95 03/17/2034 12/17/2024 Heartland Financial Statutory Trust V 20,619 01/27/2006 1.33 over LIBOR 6.89 04/07/2036 01/07/2025 Heartland Financial Statutory Trust VI 20,619 06/21/2007 1.48 over LIBOR 6.69 09/15/2037 12/15/2024 Heartland Financial Statutory Trust VII 18,042 06/26/2007 1.48 over LIBOR 6.76 09/01/2037 12/01/2024 Morrill Statutory Trust I 9,534 12/19/2002 3.25 over LIBOR 8.17 12/26/2032 12/26/2024 Morrill Statutory Trust II 9,282 12/17/2003 2.85 over LIBOR 8.05 12/17/2033 12/17/2024 Sheboygan Statutory Trust I 6,944 09/17/2003 2.95 over LIBOR 8.15 09/17/2033 12/17/2024 CBNM Capital Trust I 4,645 09/10/2004 3.25 over LIBOR 8.46 12/15/2034 12/15/2024 Citywide Capital Trust III 6,702 12/19/2003 2.80 over LIBOR 8.32 12/19/2033 01/23/2025 Citywide Capital Trust IV 4,569 09/30/2004 2.20 over LIBOR 7.56 09/30/2034 11/23/2024 Citywide Capital Trust V 12,818 05/31/2006 1.54 over LIBOR 6.75 07/25/2036 12/15/2024 OCGI Statutory Trust III 3,033 06/27/2002 3.65 over LIBOR 9.21 09/30/2032 12/30/2024 OCGI Capital Trust IV 5,610 09/23/2004 2.50 over LIBOR 7.71 12/15/2034 12/15/2024 BVBC Capital Trust II 7,389 04/10/2003 3.25 over LIBOR 8.76 04/24/2033 01/24/2025 BVBC Capital Trust III 9,894 07/29/2005 1.60 over LIBOR 6.47 09/30/2035 12/30/2024 Total trust preferred securities 150,010 (1) Effective weighted average interest rate as of September 30, 2024, was 7.88 . 

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board, which supervises bank holding companies, has adopted capital adequacy guidelines that are used to assess the adequacy of capital of a bank holding company. Under Basel III, HTLF will be required to hold a conservation buffer above the adequately capitalized risk-based capital ratios; however, the transition provisions related to the conservation buffer have been extended indefinitely. 
 
 The most recent notification from the FDIC categorized HTLF and HTLF Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the categorization of any of these entities. 
 
 HTLF's capital ratios are calculated in accordance with Federal Reserve Board instructions and are required regulatory financial measures. The following table illustrates the capital ratios and the Federal Reserve Board's current capital adequacy guidelines for the dates indicated, in thousands. Although the capital conservation buffer requirement transition provisions have been extended indefinitely, the table below also indicates the fully-phased in capital conservation buffer requirements. 

Total Capital (to Risk- Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Risk- Weighted Assets) Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk- Weighted Assets) Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) September 30, 2024 16.34 13.44 12.66 10.77 Minimum capital requirement 8.00 6.00 4.50 4.00 Well capitalized requirement 10.00 8.00 6.50 5.00 Minimum capital requirement, including fully-phased in capital conservation buffer 10.50 8.50 7.00 N/A Risk-weighted assets 14,316,449 14,316,449 14,316,449 N/A Average assets N/A N/A N/A 17,859,033 December 31, 2023 14.53 11.69 10.97 9.44 Minimum capital requirement 8.00 6.00 4.50 4.00 Well capitalized requirement 10.00 8.00 6.50 5.00 Minimum capital requirement, including fully-phased in capital conservation buffer 10.50 8.50 7.00 N/A Risk-weighted assets 15,399,653 15,399,653 15,399,653 N/A Average assets N/A N/A N/A 19,082,733 
 
 Retained earnings available for the payment of dividends to HTLF from HTLF Bank totaled approximately 900.0 million and 743.3 million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, under the most restrictive minimum capital requirements. Retained earnings available for the payment of dividends to HTLF from HTLF Bank while remaining above the well capitalized levels totaled approximately 615.1 million and 436.9 million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on HTLF's common and preferred stock and to pay interest and principal on its debt. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, management believes regulatory capital ratio buffers would withstand any changes in regulatory rules that require the inclusion of unrealized losses in the total investment portfolio and remain well capitalized. 
 
 On June 26, 2020, HTLF issued and sold 4.6 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/400 th interest in a share of 7.00 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E. The depositary shares are listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "HTLFP." If declared, dividends are paid quarterly in arrears at a rate of 7.00 per annum beginning on October 15, 2020. For the dividend period beginning on the first reset date of July 15, 2025, and for dividend periods beginning every fifth anniversary thereafter, each a reset date, the rate per annum will be reset based on a recent five-year treasury rate plus 6.675 . The earliest redemption date for the preferred shares is July 15, 2025. Dividends payable on common shares are subject to quarterly dividends payable on these outstanding preferred shares at the applicable dividend rate. 
 
 On August 8, 2022, HTLF filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC to register debt or equity securities. This shelf registration statement, which was effective immediately, provides HTLF with the ability to raise capital, subject to market conditions and SEC rules and limitations, if the board of directors decides to do so. This registration statement permits HTLF, from time to time, in one or more public offerings, to offer debt securities, subordinated notes, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, rights or units of any combination of these securities. The amount of securities that may be offered was not specified in the registration statement, and the terms of any future offerings are to be established at the time of the offering. The registration statement expires on August 8, 2025. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. HTLF Bank evaluates the creditworthiness of customers to which they extend a credit commitment on a case-by-case basis and may require collateral to secure any credit extended. The amount of collateral obtained is based upon management's credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. Standby letters of credit and 

financial guarantees are conditional commitments issued by HTLF Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, commitments to extend credit totaled 3.95 billion and 4.62 billion, respectively. Standby letters of credit totaled 41.5 million at September 30, 2024, and 56.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, HTLF Bank had 783.4 million and 917.0 million, respectively, of standby letters of credit with the respective FHLB to secure public funds and municipal deposits. 
 
 Contractual obligations and other commitments were disclosed in HTLF's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to HTLF's contractual obligations and other commitments since the Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed. 
 
 There are certain legal proceedings pending against HTLF and its subsidiaries at September 30, 2024, that are ordinary routine litigation incidental to business. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 HTLF considers and uses derivative financial instruments as part of its interest rate risk management strategy, which may include interest rate swaps, fair value hedges, risk participation agreements, caps, floors and collars. In the first quarter of 2023, HTLF terminated cash flow hedges that were effectively converting 500.0 million of variable rate loans to fixed rate loans. In the second and third quarter of 2023, HTLF continued the strategy of using derivatives by entering into fair value hedges to manage the exposure to changes in the fair value on 2.5 billion of our loan portfolio and 838.1 million of our investment portfolio. See "2024 Developments" for the subsequent event regarding the termination of the interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on derivative financial instruments. 

LIQUIDITY 
 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to maintain a cash flow that is adequate to meet maturing obligations and existing commitments, to withstand fluctuations in deposit levels, to fund operations and to provide for customers credit needs. The liquidity of HTLF principally depends on cash flows from operating activities, investment in and maturity of assets, changes in balances of deposits and borrowings and its ability to borrow funds in the money or capital markets. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, HTLF had 588.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits in other financial institutions of 1.1 million and securities carried at fair value of 4.06 billion. Management expects the securities portfolio to produce principal cash flows of approximately 752.6 million over the next twelve months. 
 
 Management of investing and financing activities, and market conditions, determine the level and the stability of net interest cash flows. Management attempts to mitigate the impact of changes in market interest rates to the extent possible, so that balance sheet growth is the principal determinant of growth in net interest cash flows. 
 
 HTLF Bank's FHLB membership gives management the ability to borrow funds for short- and long-term purposes under a variety of programs. Borrowing balances depend on commercial cash management and smaller correspondent bank relationships and, as a result, will normally fluctuate. Management believes these balances to be stable sources of funds and has tested drawing on these sources. In the event of short-term liquidity needs, HTLF Bank may purchase federal funds from correspondent banks and may also borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 
 Additional funding is provided by term debt and borrowings. As of September 30, 2024, HTLF had 373.3 million of term debt outstanding, which is an important funding source because of its multi-year borrowing structure. 
 
 HTLF's current liquidity strategy includes using overnight borrowings and reducing wholesale deposits. The use of overnight borrowings provides flexibility to make repayments on demand. As of September 30, 2024, pledged securities totaled 3.47 billion. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 1.41 billion of securities remained available to pledge. 

The following table shows the source of funding, balance outstanding and available borrowing capacity as of September 30, 2024, dollars in thousands: 
 As of September 30, 2024 Source Outstanding Available Federal Reserve Discount Window 2,062,746 Bank Term Funding Program 500,000 Federal Home Loan Bank 1,762,914 Federal Funds 265,000 Wholesale deposits/brokered CDs 388,951 3,252,091 Total 888,951 7,342,751 
 
 HTLF strives to fund loan growth with the least expensive source of deposits, sales of securities or borrowings. Excluding any sales which management may pursue from time to time, the securities portfolio is expected to produce principal cash flows of approximately 752.6 million over the next twelve months, which could be used to fund loan growth, as well as reduce wholesale deposits. Additionally, growing customer deposits will continue to be a focus. HTLF offers the ICS and CDARS products accessed through the Intrafi network of financial institutions, which helps to reduce the amount of pledged securities. 
 
 On a consolidated basis, HTLF maintains a large balance of short-term securities that, when combined with cash from operations, management believes are adequate to meet its funding obligations. 
 
 At the parent company level, routine funding requirements consist primarily of dividends paid to stockholders, debt service on revolving credit arrangements and trust preferred securities, repayment requirements under other debt obligations and payments for acquisitions. The parent company obtains the funding to meet these obligations from dividends paid by HTLF Bank and the issuance of debt and equity securities. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the parent company had cash of 312.2 million. Additionally, HTLF has a revolving credit agreement with an unaffiliated bank, which was extended most recently on September 14, 2024. The revolving credit agreement has 100.0 million of maximum borrowing capacity, of which none was outstanding at September 30, 2024. This credit agreement contains specific financial covenants, all of which HTLF complied with as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The ability of HTLF to pay dividends to its stockholders depends upon dividends paid to HTLF by HTLF Bank. HTLF Bank is subject to statutory and regulatory restrictions on the amount they may pay in dividends. To maintain acceptable capital ratios at HTLF Bank, certain portions of their retained earnings are not available for the payment of dividends. 
 
 HTLF has filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC that provides HTLF the ability to raise both debt and capital, subject to SEC rules and limitations, if HTLF's board of directors decides to do so. This registration statement expires in August 2025. 
 
 Management believes that cash on hand, cash flows from operations and cash availability under existing borrower programs and facilities will be sufficient to meet any recurring and additional operating cash needs in 2024. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates, including the risk that our net income will be materially impacted by changes in interest rates. HTLF's market risk is comprised primarily of interest rate risk resulting from HTLF Bank's core banking activities of lending and deposit gathering. 
 
 HTLF uses an interest rate management process to measure market risk and manage exposure within policy limits approved by the HTLF Board of Directors. Exposure to market risk is reviewed on a regular basis by HTLF Bank s Asset/Liability Committee as well as HTLF's and HTLF Bank's management and Board of Directors. 
 
 HTLF's balance sheet market risk profile is measured and reviewed at least quarterly. As part of the review, interest rate sensitivity analysis is performed, which simulates changes in net interest income in response to various hypothetical interest rate scenarios capturing asset and liability pricing mismatches over a one-year and two-year time horizon. Increasing net interest income in a rising rate environment would indicate that asset-related income will increase faster than liability-related expense over the simulation period. 

The core interest rate risk analysis utilized by HTLF examines the balance sheet under many interest rate scenarios including shocks, ramps, yield curve twists, market-based, as well as those that may be deemed extreme or highly unlikely. We use a net interest income ("NII") simulation model to measure the estimated changes in NII that would result over various time horizons from immediate and sustained changes in interest rates. This model is an interest rate risk management tool, and the results are not necessarily an indication of our future net interest income. The model has inherent limitations, and these results are based on a given set of rate changes and assumptions at a point in time. Key assumptions in the analysis include balance sheet growth, product mix-shift, the repricing behavior of interest-bearing deposits (i.e., deposit betas), behavior of deposits with indeterminate maturities, prepayment assumptions on financial instruments with embedded options such as loans and investment securities, as well as cash flow reinvestment assumptions. 
 
 The base scenario assumes a static balance sheet and static interest rates as of September 30, 2024, no changes to product mix shift and cash flow reinvestment at current market interest rates. HTLF also assumes a correlation, referred to as a deposit beta, with respect to interest-bearing deposits, as the rates paid to deposit holders change at a different pace when compared with changes in average benchmark interest rates. Generally, time deposits are assumed to have a high correlation, while other interest-bearing accounts are assumed to have a lower correlation. The model assumes interest-bearing deposits reprice at 51 and total deposits reprice at 38 in an up rate scenario and that interest-bearing deposits reprice at 50 and total deposits reprice at 37 in a down rate scenario, as compared to the change in benchmark interest rates. The majority of our loans are variable rate and are assumed to reprice in accordance with their contractual terms. Some loans and investment securities include the opportunity of prepayment (embedded options) and the simulation model uses prepayment assumptions to estimate these accelerated cash flows and reinvests the proceeds at current simulated yields Changes that could vary significantly from HTLF's assumptions include loan and deposit growth or contraction, loan and deposit pricing, changes in the mix of earning assets or funding sources, and future asset/liability management decisions, all of which may have significant effects on our net interest income. 
 
 Key assumptions are monitored at least annually or as needed, as part of the sensitivity analysis and back testing framework. When appropriate and applicable assumptions are recalibrated taking into consideration, among other factors, the impact of a full interest rate cycle on the balance sheet. In 2023, HTLF recalibrated certain prepayment assumptions and updated cash flow characteristics. None of the changes were material to the simulation model. 
 
 The following table presents the most recent simulation of net interest income at September 30, 2024, in thousands. The interest rate scenarios assume parallel instantaneous changes to interest rate levels by 100 and 200 basis points. 
 
 2024 Net Interest Margin Change From Base Year 1 Down 200 Basis Points 492,378 (17.89) Down 100 Basis Points 542,233 (9.58) Base 599,680 Up 100 Basis Points 653,164 8.92 Up 200 Basis Points 705,189 17.59 Year 2 Down 200 Basis Points 492,041 (20.98) Down 100 Basis Points 554,579 (10.94) Base 622,686 Up 100 Basis Points 674,641 8.34 Up 200 Basis Points 721,074 15.80 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, HTLF's through the cycle deposit beta (calculated by taking the change in company deposit rates compared to the benchmark federal funds target rate over a period of time) for customer deposits was approximately 36 for all customer deposits and 39 including both customer and wholesale and institutional deposits. As of September 30, 2024, HTLF's through the cycle beta excluding noninterest-bearing accounts was approximately 50 for customer deposits and 53 including both customer and wholesale and institutional deposits. As of December 31, 2023, HTLF's through the cycle beta for customer deposits was approximately 31 for all customer deposits and 37 including both customer and wholesale and institutional deposits. As of December 31, 2023, HTLF's through the cycle beta excluding noninterest-bearing accounts was approximately 45 for customer deposits and 51 including both customer and wholesale and institutional deposits. HTLF compares actual deposit betas to the betas utilized in the net interest margin simulation models to monitor model performance and to monitor our deposits in comparison with market competition. Management also uses deposit betas to understand the risk to net interest income in various interest rate environments. 

We use derivative financial instruments to manage the impact of changes in interest rates on our future interest income or interest expense. We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to these derivative instruments but believe we have minimized the risk of these losses by entering into the contracts with large, stable financial institutions. The estimated fair market values of these derivative instruments are presented in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We enter into financial instruments with off balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract relating to the commitment. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and may require collateral from the borrower. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by HTLF to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party up to a stated amount and with specified terms and conditions. These commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are not recorded on the balance sheet until the loan is made or the letter of credit is issued. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Based on an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that: 
 HTLF's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 There are certain legal proceedings pending against HTLF and its subsidiaries at September 30, 2024, that are ordinary routine litigation incidental to HTLF's business. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 For information regarding factors that could affect the Company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors disclosed in the "Risk Factors" section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Quarterly Reports filed on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 On March 17, 2020, the board of directors authorized management to acquire and hold up to 5 of capital or 101.5 million as of September 30, 2024, as treasury shares at any one time. HTLF and its affiliated purchasers made no purchases of its common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibits 31.1 
 (1) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act . 
 31.2 
 (1) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act . 
 32.1 
 (1) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.2 
 (1) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 101 Financial statement formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language 
 ______________ 
 (1) Filed or furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned there unto duly authorized. 

HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA, INC. (Registrant) /s/ Bruce K. Lee By: Bruce K. Lee President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) /s/ Kevin L. Thompson By: Kevin L. Thompson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) /s/ Janet M. Quick By: Janet M. Quick Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) Dated: November 8, 2024 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, Bruce K. Lee, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting, and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Bruce K. Lee Bruce K. Lee President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 I, Kevin L. Thompson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting, and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Kevin L. Thompson Kevin L. Thompson Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-32109302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Bruce K. Lee, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Bruce K. Lee Bruce K. Lee President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-32209302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Heartland Financial USA, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Kevin L.Thompson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Kevin L. Thompson Kevin L. Thompson Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 htlf-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 htlf-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 htlf-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 htlf-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 htlf-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

