<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1852019_0001410578-24-001945.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6597661</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161251</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1090389</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1878298</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1381283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1973504</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-001945.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113171428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-001945
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IX Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40878
		FILM NUMBER:		241455638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ARCH 124, SALAMANCA STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			SE1 7HX
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 (0) 203 983 045

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O PUGLISI & ASSOCIATES
		STREET 2:		850 LIBRARY AVE, SUITE 204
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-001945.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ixaqu-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) +44 0 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The The The Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 13, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares, together with the Class A ordinary shares, the ordinary shares ), of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 IX ACQUISITION CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. 1 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 1 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 2 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 3 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 5 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 29 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 39 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 40 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 41 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 41 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities , Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 43 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 43 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 43 Item 5. Other Information. 43 Item 6. Exhibits. 44 SIGNATURES 

 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. IX ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Due from related party Total current assets Non-current assets: Cash held in the Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Extension Promissory Note Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Derivative warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value, at approximately and per share, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Shareholders Deficit: Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 IX ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating and formation expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Income from cash and investments held in the Trust Account Interest income (expense) on operating account ) Gain on forfeiture of deferred underwriting fee payable Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) Net (loss) income ) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A (non-redeemable) and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A (non-redeemable) and Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 IX ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance January 1, 2024 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) ) ) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance January 1, 2023 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Net income Balance March 31, 2023 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Gain on forfeiture of deferred underwriting fee payable Class B to Class A Conversion ) ) Net income Balance June 30, 2023 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) Net income Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 IX ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities Income from cash and investments held in the Trust Account ) ) Gain on forfeiture deferred underwriting fee payable ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Net cash (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with Redemptions Cash deposited in Trust Account ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from convertible promissory note-related party Redemption of ordinary shares ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash ) ) Cash - beginning of the period Cash - end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Deferred underwriting fee reduction Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements . 

 4 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares , and the warrants included in the Units sold, the Public Warrants ), including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s exercise of its over-allotment option in full, at per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of (see Note 3). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants , and together with the Public Warrants, the warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to IX Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor and Odeon Capital Group, LLC Odeon ), generating gross proceeds of (the Private Placement (see Note 4). Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (See Note 6 for the difference on underwriting agreement), for the excess of the fair value over the sales price of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) sold to the Anchor Investors (as defined in Note 5), and of other offering costs. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 12, 2021, an amount of from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account and was initially invested only in the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), which invest only in direct Treasury obligations. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on November 13, 2023 the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account, and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company currently in effect, as amended, (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below); and (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Public Shareholders (as defined below) as part of the redemption of the Public Shares. 

 5 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 per Public Share, plus (x) any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations and (y) the per share portion of the Contribution (as defined below) (see Notes 5). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. All Public Shares subject to redemption were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as then in effect, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior to the Initial Public Offering (other than the Anchor Investors) (the Initial Shareholders ), the Anchor Investors, and the Company s executive officers and directors Management or Management Team agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them, and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they (i) vote for or against the proposed transaction or (ii) were a Public Shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the Company s prior written consent. The Initial Shareholders agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

 6 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and Board of Directors (as defined below), liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Company initially had 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (by April 12, 2023) to consummate a Business Combination as the Combination Period, prior to any amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the duration of the Combination Period. As outlined through a series of proposals below, the Combination Period has since been extended. The Company had until January 12, 2024 to complete a Business Combination, with the right to extend the Combination Period through no later than October 12, 2024, subject to making required monthly extension deposits into the Trust Account of the lesser of (x) or (y) for each Class A Ordinary Share included as part of the units sold in the IPO. The Company made three monthly extension payment deposits into the Trust Account during the three-months ended June 30, 2024, extending the Combination Period to July 12, 2024. Subsequent to June 30, 2024, the Company has made each of the applicable extension deposits into the Trust allowing for the Business Combination Period to extend to September 12, 2024 (see Note 10). On October 9, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders. At the meeting, the Third Extension Amendment Proposal to give the Board the right to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from October 12, 2024 on a monthly basis up to (12) times until October 12, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Third Extension Amendment was approved by depositing into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension the lesser of (a) and (b) for each then outstanding share after giving effect to any redemptions. On April 10, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Extraordinary Meeting ). At the 2023 Extraordinary Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved, among other things, a proposal to grant the Company the right to extend the Combination Period, from April 12, 2023 to May 12, 2023 (the Extended Date ), and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, by resolution of the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors ), to elect to further extend the Extended Date in one-month increments up to eleven additional times, or a total of up to twelve months total, up to April 12, 2024 (the Extension Proposal by amending the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Under Cayman Islands law, such amendment of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association took effect upon approval of the Extension Proposal. As a result of the approval of the Extension Proposal, the Company was provided the ability, with monthly extension payments, but without another shareholder vote and by resolution of the Board of Directors, to extend the Extended Date in one-month increments through April 12, 2024, and further extending the Combination Period up to October 12, 2024 to complete a Business Combination which was approved during the Extraordinary General Meeting held on December 11, 2023. At the 2023 Extraordinary Meeting, the Company s shareholders also approved to further amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to eliminate (x) the limitation that the Company may not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than and (y) the limitation that the Company shall not consummate a Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least immediately prior to, or upon consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and (ii) to provide for the right of a holder of the Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, to convert into Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, on a -for-one basis at any time and from time to time prior to the closing of a Business Combination at the election of the holder (the Founder Share Amendment Proposal ). Those amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association took effect upon the approval of the Company s shareholders. In connection with the votes to approve the Extension Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Founder Share Amendment Proposal, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share (the Redemptions ), for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million. After the satisfaction of such Redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately million. 

 7 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 or (y) per Public Share multiplied by the number of Public Shares outstanding (the Contribution ), on each of the following dates: (i) April 13, 2023; and (ii) business day following the public announcement by the Company disclosing that the Board of Directors has determined to extend the Extended Date for an additional month in accordance with the Extension Proposal. In connection with the Contribution and advances the Sponsor may make in the future to the Company for working capital expenses, on April 13, 2023, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount up to million (the Original Extension Promissory Note ), which was amended and restated as described below (see Note 5). On April 13, 2023, the Sponsor advanced for the first Contribution. On May 9, 2023, the Board of Directors elected to extend the Extended Date from May 12, 2023 to June 12, 2023. In connection with such election, the Board of Directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down under the Extension Promissory Note (as defined below). On May 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this second extension of the Extended Date. On June 9, 2023, the Board of Directors elected to extend the Extended Date from June 12, 2023 to July 12, 2023. On June 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this third extension. On July 11, 2023, the Board of Directors elected to extend the Extended Date from July 12, 2023 to August 12, 2023. On July 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this fourth extension. On August 9, 2023, the Board of Directors elected to extend the Extended Date from August 12, 2023 to September 12, 2023. On August 11, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this fifth extension. On September 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this nineth extension, extending the Combination Period to October 12, 2023. On May 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of of the Class B ordinary shares, elected to convert each outstanding Class B ordinary share held by it on a -for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares, with immediate effect (the Founder Conversion ). Following the Founder Conversion, the Company had an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. On September 8, 2023, the Company issued an amended and restated promissory note in the principal amount of up to million to the Sponsor (the Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note and together with the Original Extension Promissory Note, the Extension Promissory Note ), to amend and restate the Original Extension Promissory Note. The Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make, in its discretion, to the Company for working capital expenses. The Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the Company s liquidation. At the election of the Sponsor, up to of the unpaid principal balance under the Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note may be converted into warrants of the Company (the Conversion Warrants at the price of per warrant. Such Conversion Warrants will have terms identical to the warrants issued to the Sponsor in the Private Placement. On October 12, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors has elected to extend the Combination Period for an additional month, from October 12, 2023 to November 12, 2023. In connection with the seventh extension of the Extended Date, the Board of Directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down under the Extension Promissory Note. On October 13, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this seventh extension. On November 13, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors has elected to extend the Combination Period for an additional month, from November 12, 2023 to December 12, 2023. In connection with the eighth extension of the Extended Date, the Board of Directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down under the Extension Promissory Note. On November 13, 2023, the Sponsor deposited the Contribution into the Trust Account in connection with this eighth extension. 

 8 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (10) times until October 12, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Second Extension Amendment was approved. Under the law of the Cayman Islands, upon approval of the Second Extension Amendment Proposal by the affirmative vote of at least two -thirds (2/3) of the shareholders entitled to vote, who attended and voted at the meeting (including those who voted online), the Second Extension Amendment became effective. The Company filed the Second Extension Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies on December 12, 2023. The meeting was held, in part, to satisfy the annual meeting requirement pursuant to Listing Rule 5620(a) (the Rule of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Pursuant to the Rule, the Company was required to hold its first annual meeting of shareholders on or prior to December 31, 2023. Because the Meeting did not technically constitute an annual general meeting under Cayman Islands law, the terms of the Company s Class I directors did not expire at the meeting. In connection with the approval of the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, the Sponsor agreed to contribute to the Company, as a loan (the Contribution ), the lesser of (x) or (y) for each Class A Ordinary Share included as part of the units sold in the IPO (the Public Shares that remains outstanding and was not redeemed for each calendar month (commencing on December 12, 2023 and on the 12th day of each subsequent month) until October 12, 2024, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete a Business Combination. In connection with the vote to approve the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem such shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million. Consequently, the Contribution will be per month needed for the Company to continue to extend the Combination Period monthly. On December 12, 2023, the Company made deposits of for December extension contribution. The underwriters of the Initial Public Offering agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution might be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

 9 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 times for an additional one month each time, from April 12, 2023, the initial Deadline Date, to up to October 12, 2024. In connection with the tenth Extension, the Board delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down under its previously-disclosed promissory note. The Sponsor deposited each into the Company s trust account in connection with the tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth Extensions on January 12, 2024, February 17, 2024, March 12, 2024, April 19, 2024, May 17, 2024, June 20, 2024, July 23, 2024, August 16, 2024, September 20, 2024, respectively, to extend the life until October 12, 2024. On March 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among Merger Sub and AERKOMM (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company was obligated to enter into simple agreements for future equity (the SAFE Agreements with certain investors providing for investments in shares of the Company's Common Stock in a private placement in an aggregate amount of not less than (exercising reasonable best efforts to secure within twenty ) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement, another within forty ) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement, and another within sixty ) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement) that will automatically convert upon the closing at per share of the Company's Common Stock and in accordance with such SAFE Agreements and the Merger Agreement (such investments in the aggregate, the SAFE Investment ). On August 12, 2024, the Company and AERKOMM entered into one new SAFE Agreement (the PIPE Minimum Investment Amount and amended one of the SAFE Agreements previously executed on May 13, 2024. Additionally, on July 8, 2024, the Company canceled the other SAFE Agreement that was entered into on May 13, 2024. Furthermore, on June 26, 2024, the Company and AERKOMM entered into one new SAFE Agreement. As a result, as of August 12, 2024, SAFE Agreements for an aggregate of have been entered into. The SAFE Agreements will automatically convert upon the closing of the merger at per share of the Company s Common Stock (see Note 6 for disclosure related to SAFE investments section). On October 9, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders. At the meeting, the Third Extension Amendment Proposal to give the Board the right to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from October 12, 2024 on a monthly basis up to (12) times until October 12, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Third Extension Amendment was approved by depositing into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension the lesser of (a) and (b) for each then outstanding share after giving effect to any redemptions. In connection with the shareholders vote at the meeting, shares were tendered for redemption for cash at an approximate price of per share, for an aggregate of approximately million. On October 12 and November 13, 2024, the Company made two deposits of for November and December extension contributions, respectively, to extend the life until December 12, 2024. Nasdaq listing On October 9, 2023, the Company received a letter (the Total Shareholders Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), which required the Company to main at least 400 total holders for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Minimum Total Holders Rule ). The Total Shareholders Notice stated that the Company had until November 24, 2023 to provide Nasdaq with a plan to regain compliance. If the plan was accepted, Nasdaq might grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Total Shareholders Notice to evidence compliance. If Nasdaq did not accept the Company s plan, the Company would have the opportunity to appeal that decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Total Shareholders Notice had no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s securities, and the Company s securities continued to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. On November 24, 2023, the Company provided plan to Nasdaq for meeting the requirements under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), and evaluated available options to regain compliance. However, there could be no assurance that the Company would be able to regain compliance under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), or would otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria. On October 12, 2023, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC (the Oct. 2023 Current Report to disclose its receipt of the Total Shareholders Notice in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(b). On January 18, 2024 the Company provided an update to Nasdaq of its progress on fulfilling the plan to regain compliance and received a request to provide an additional update to Nasdaq on February 20, 2024. On February 20, 2024 the Company again updated Nasdaq on its progress in fulfilling the plan to regain compliance and continues to be proactive in regaining compliance. Pursuant to the 180-day deadline from the letter received October 9, 2023, the 

 10 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

11 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of approximately million. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern ASC 205-40 ), the Company has until October 12, 2025, if all extensions of the Extended Date are exercised, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time, and if a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, then there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution of the Company raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within after the date that the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the initial Business Combination as discussed above. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate the initial Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 12 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 t have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 13 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and subsequent full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option contain a redemption feature that allows for the redemption of such Public Shares (i) in connection with the Company s liquidation, (ii) if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and (iii) in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

 14 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Less: Redemption of ordinary shares ) Plus: Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption December 31, 2023 Plus: Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption March 31, 2024 Plus: Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2024 Plus: Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption September 30, 2024 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There are no taxes in the Cayman Islands and accordingly income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 15 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 shares in the calculation of diluted (loss) income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Denominator: Weighted Average Class A ordinary shares (Redeemable) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share Class A (non-redeemable) and Class B Ordinary Shares Numerator: Net (loss) income allocable to Class A ordinary shares (non-redeemable) and Class B ordinary shares Denominator: Weighted Average Class A (non-redeemable) and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share Units, including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Public Share and one-half of one Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

 16 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in the aggregate), of which was not funded by the Sponsor at the time of the Private Placement and recorded as a subscription receivable as of December 31, 2021. The subscription receivable was paid on April 12, 2022. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. The proceeds from the Private Placement were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate of paid to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor and its permitted transferees would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment in full simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, thus the Class B ordinary shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. On May 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Sponsor elected to convert all Founder Shares it held on a -for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares, with immediate effect. Following this Founder Conversion and the Redemptions, the Company had an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding . The Initial Shareholders agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the earlier of (i) after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. A total of (i) investors (the Anchor Investors ), purchased Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit: (ii) Anchor Investors purchased Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit; (iii) Anchor Investor purchased Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit; and (iv) Anchor Investor purchased Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit. Pursuant to such Units, the Anchor Investors have not been granted any shareholder or other rights in addition to those afforded to the Company s other Public Shareholders. Further, the Anchor Investors are not required to (x) hold any Units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants they may purchase in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (y) vote any Class A ordinary shares they may own at the applicable time in favor of the Business Combination or (z) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their Public Shares at the time of the Business Combination. The Anchor Investors have the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Units purchased in the Initial Public Offering as the rights afforded to the Company s other Public Shareholders. Each Anchor Investor entered into separate investment agreements (the Anchor Investment Agreements with the Company and the Sponsor pursuant to which each Anchor Investor purchased a specified number of Founder Shares, or an aggregate of Founder Shares, from the Sponsor for per share, or an aggregate purchase price of at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Pursuant to the investment agreements, the Anchor Investors agreed to (a) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of 

 17 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 or per share recognized upon the Initial Public Offering. The Company determined the fair value based on a stock price simulation performed by a third party. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of (or per share) was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed in the accompanying statements of operations. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Prior to the First Extension vote in April 12, 2023, the owners of all of the Founders Shares distributed pursuant to the Anchor Investment Agreements all entered into a first amendment of such agreement, such that the transferred shares shall, in the same proportion applicable to the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor, be automatically, and without further action of any of the parties, subject to any cut-back, reduction, mandatory repurchase, redemption, forfeiture, vesting or revesting, earnouts or other concessions agreed upon by the Company and the Sponsor in connection with the Company s entry into an agreement with respect to, or the consummation of, an initial business combination. Administrative Support Agreement On October 6, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with IX Services, to pay up to per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees; however, IX Services waived these fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Related Party Loans The Sponsor has committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to for working capital purposes Committed Sponsor Loans ), at the Company s request, on or after January 15, 2022. Such Committed Sponsor Loans will be convertible into Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per warrant, or up to in the aggregate. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to (except in the case of the Committed Sponsor Loans), loan the Company additional funds as may be required on a non-interest basis (together with the Committed Sponsor Loans, the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company would repay any such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay any such Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to of such loans (which amount includes the Committed Sponsor Loans) may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. In connection with the Contribution and advances the Sponsor may make in the future to the Company for working capital expenses, on April 13, 2023, the Company issued the Extension Promissory Note to the Sponsor with a principal amount up to million. The Extension Promissory Note bears interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, or (b) the date of the Company s liquidation. If the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Extension Promissory Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. Upon maturity, the outstanding principal of the Extension Promissory Note may be converted into warrants, at a price of per warrant, at the option of the Sponsor. Such warrants will have terms identical to the warrants issued to the Sponsor in the Private Placement. The Contribution and any drawdowns in connection with the Extension Promissory Note are subject to unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors and the consent of the Sponsor. 

 18 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 million to the Sponsor, to amend and restate the Extension Promissory Note. The Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make, in its discretion, to the Company for working capital expenses. The Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note bears interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the Company s liquidation. On April 18, 2024, the Company amended and restated the convertible promissory note, dated as of September 8, 2023, previously issued to Sponsor, to increase the aggregate principal amount to up to (as amended and restated, the Note ). The Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make, in its discretion, to the Company for working capital expenses. The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. On September 20, 2024, the Company amended and restated the convertible promissory note, dated as of September 8, 2023, previously issued to Sponsor, to increase the aggregate principal amount to up to (as amended and restated, the "Note"). The Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make, in its discretion, to the Company for working capital expenses. The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. At the election of the Sponsor, up to of the unpaid principal balance under the Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note may be converted into Conversion Warrants at the price of per warrant. Such Conversion Warrants will have terms identical to the warrants issued to the Sponsor in the Private Placement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a total of and drawn on the Extension Promissory Note, respectively. In accordance with ASC 815 the Company analyzed the fair value of the derivative included in the conversion options and determined its value at zero since inception of each advance under the note, see Note 9 for further information. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to consummation of a Business Combination. The Company has granted Cantor and Odeon or their designees or affiliates certain registration rights relating to these securities. The underwriters of the Initial Public Offering may not exercise their demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the Registration Statement and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion. The Company bears the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement In connection with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were granted a option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments. On October 12, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit (excluding over-allotment Units) in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, per Unit (excluding over-allotment Units) and per over-allotment Unit (totaling in the aggregate) is payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee is payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the 

 19 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 as deferred underwriting commissions, a portion of which fee is payable to each underwriter in proportion to their respective commitments pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, upon the consummation of a Business Combination. Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, the underwriters have agreed to forfeit ninety-nine and 94/100 percent of the aggregate deferred underwriting commissions of for a total reduction of . However, if the Company enters into a Business Combination with a target at a pre-money valuation above million, the forfeiture percentage for underwriters will be reduced to no less than fifty percent of the aggregate deferred underwriting commissions of for an approximate reduction of . On April 4, 2024, the Company entered into an Amended Restated Fee Reduction Agreement, which amends the Underwriting Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF CO ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Fee Reduction Agreement with CF CO, in the event that the Company consummates the Business Combination with AERKOMM, CF CO agrees that it will forfeit of the aggregate original deferred fee that would otherwise be payable by the Company to CF CO, resulting in a remainder of . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On April 4, 2024, the Company entered into an Amended Restated Fee Reduction Agreement, which amends the Underwriting Agreement with Odeon Capital Group LLC Odeon ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Fee Reduction Agreement with Odeon, in the event that the Company consummates the Business Combination with AERKOMM, Odeon agrees that it will forfeit of the aggregate original deferred fee that would otherwise be payable by the Company to Odeon, resulting in a remainder of . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Merger Agreement On March 29, 2024, the Company, a Cayman Islands exempted company (which will de-register from the Register of Companies in the Cayman Islands by way of continuation out of the Cayman Islands and into the State of Delaware so as to migrate to and domesticate as a Delaware corporation prior to the closing date) entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, AKOM Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and AERKOMM Inc., a Nevada corporation (the AERKOMM (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ). On September 25, 2024, the Company, Merger Sub and AERKOMM entered into an amendment to the Merger Agreement to (1) provide that any lock-up period applicable to the Sponsor or any officers, directors or affiliates of the Company will terminate at the closing of the Merger, (2) change the percentage of the Founder Shares being treated as Escrowed Sponsor Shares from to , (3) add a provision providing for AERKOMM to pay certain amounts to the Company to cover its working capital and extension expenses, and (4) add a provision that the Company may terminate the Merger Agreement at any time prior to the closing date if AERKOMM or any Subsidiary of AERKOMM enters into voluntary bankruptcy or fails to remove within 60 days any petition in bankruptcy filed against it prior to closing. The PIPE Investment Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company and AERKOMM entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors providing for investments in the Company s Common Stock in a private placement for an aggregate cash amount of at per share of the Company s Common Stock (the PIPE Investment ). 

 20 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (inclusive of investment amounts under SAFE Agreements (as defined below)) pursuant to PIPE arrangements, and will obtain a minimum PIPE Investment Amount, unless waived by the Company, of at least minus the investment amount obtained pursuant to SAFE Agreements (the PIPE Minimum Investment Amount and will consummate the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements. The SAFE Investment On March 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among Merger Sub. and AERKOMM (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company was obligated to enter into simple agreements for future equity (the SAFE Agreements with certain investors providing for investments in shares of the Company's Common Stock in a private placement in an aggregate amount of not less than (exercising reasonable best efforts to secure within twenty ) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement, another within forty ) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement, and another within sixty ) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement) that will automatically convert upon the closing at per share of the Companys Common Stock and in accordance with such SAFE Agreements and the Merger Agreement (such investments in the aggregate, the SAFE Investment ). As of August 12, 2024, an aggregate of million of SAFE Investment has been made. The SAFE Investment will initially be placed in an escrow account and may be released from such escrow account to an account of AERKOMM pursuant to the joint written instructions of AERKOMM and the Company. The Company analyzed the SAFE agreement under ASC 480 and ASC 815, noting that the Common Stock and Incentive Shares issuable under the SAFE Agreement do NOT meets the requirements for equity classification. As a result, the Common Stock and Incentive Shares are required to be classified as a liability and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings, the SAFE notes were issued by AERKOMM and as such the liability has been reflected in the financial statement of AERKOMM at issuance and as of September 30, 2024. Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with the Sponsor and AERKOMM, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote all of its shares in favor of each the Company Proposal sought by the Company with respect to the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) vote against any Alternative Proposal or proposal relating to a business combination transaction, (iii) vote against any merger agreement or merger, consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company (other than the Merger Agreement and transactions relating to the Merger), (iv) vote against any change in the business, management or Board of Directors of the Company (other than in connection with the Merger), (v) vote against any proposal that would impede the Merger or that would result in a breach with respect to any obligation or agreement of the Company, Merger Sub or the Sponsor under the Merger Agreement or the Company Support Agreement, and (vi) vote in favor of any proposal to extend the period of time the Company is afforded under its organizational documents to consummate an initial business combination, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Company Support Agreement. AERKOMM Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a support agreement (the AERKOMM Support Agreement with AERKOMM and certain shareholders of AERKOMM (the AERKOMM Supporting Shareholders pursuant to which the AERKOMM Supporting Shareholders agreed to, among other things,(i) vote to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger AERKOMM Transaction Proposals (ii) vote against any merger agreement or merger, consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by AERKOMM (other than the Merger Agreement and the transactions relating to the Merger); (iii) vote against any change in the business (to the extent in violation of the Merger Agreement), management or Board of Directors of AERKOMM (other than in connection with AERKOMM Transaction Proposals and the transactions contemplated thereby); and (iv) vote against any proposal that would impede the Merger or that would result in a breach with respect to any obligation or agreement of AERKOMM or AERKOMM Securityholders under the Merger Agreement or the AERKOMM Support Agreement. 

 21 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 or such other amount as will be determined by the parties. Upon successful completion of the private offering, the Company and AERKOMM will pay Benchmark of the gross proceeds of any equity or equity linked securities raised in the private offering plus of the gross proceeds of any equity or equity linked securities raised in the private offering from purchasers of securities not introduced by Benchmark, up to a cap of . Both the in PIPE subscriptions and the Safenotes will not be assessed with regard to non-Benchmark introductions. warrants outstanding, comprised of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying the obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. 

 22 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending business days before the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants for cash unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the -day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, Management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, Management will consider, among other factors, its cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

 23 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders, and Anchor Investors, or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Initial Shareholders, and Anchor Investors or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of an initial Business Combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to the officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants) and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The initial purchasers, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described herein, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants have been allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to their fair value. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities will be adjusted to its current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, which are presented as temporary equity, respectively. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively, and the Initial Shareholders, including the Anchor Investors, owned of the Company s issued and outstanding shares on an as-converted basis. 

 24 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; such actions include amending the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. The Board of Directors is divided into classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of with only class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. The Company s shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to the Company s initial Business Combination, (i) only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and (ii) in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have votes for every Class B ordinary share and holders of the Class A ordinary shares will have vote for every Class A ordinary share. These provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than of the ordinary shares who attend and vote at the Company s general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the Class B ordinary shares. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the initial Business Combination. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of the Founder Shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason. In connection with the initial Business Combination, the Company may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target with respect to voting and other corporate governance matters following completion of the initial Business Combination. Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants Total Liabilities 

Amount at Fair Description Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2023 Liabilities Warrant liability Public Warrants Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants Total Liabilities Cash Held in Trust Account As of September 30, 2024, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of approximately million in cash held by Trust Account. As of December 31, 2023, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of approximately million in cash held by Trust Account. 

 25 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Exercise price Dividend yield Expected term (in years) Volatility Risk-free rate Fair value Probability of Business Combination 

 26 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 The following table provides a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants Fair value at March 31, 2024 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants Fair value at June 30, 2024 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants Fair value at September 30, 2024 Fair value at December 31, 2022 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants Fair value at March 31, 2023 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants ) Fair value at June 30, 2023 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants Fair value at September 30, 2023 The Company recognized gain on change in the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in the accompanying statements of operations for the three months period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized loss and loss on change in the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in the accompanying statements of operations for the nine months period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Derivative Liability-Conversion Feature The Company utilizes a Monte Carlo model to estimate the fair value of the conversion feature within the Extension Promissory Note, which is required to be recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the conversion feature are recognized as non-cash gains or losses in the accompanying statements of operations. The key assumptions in the model relate to expected share-price volatility, risk-free interest rate, exercise price, expected term and the probability of occurrence of the transaction. The expected volatility was based on the average volatility of special purpose acquisition companies that are searching for an acquisition target. The risk-free interest rate is based on interpolation of Treasury yields with a term commensurate with the term of the warrants. The Company anticipates the dividend yield to be . The expected term of the warrants is assumed to be the estimated date of a Business Combination. The estimated fair value of the conversion feature related to the Extension Promissory Note as of issuance and for the period ended September 30, 2024 is . 

 27 

Table of Contents IX ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (12) times until October 12, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Third Extension Amendment was approved by depositing into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension the lesser of (a) and (b) for each then outstanding share after giving effect to any redemptions. In connection with the shareholders vote at the meeting, shares were tendered for redemption for cash at an approximate price of per share, for an aggregate of approximately million. On October 12 and November 13, 2024, the Company made two deposits of for November and December extension contributions, respectively, to extend the life until December 12, 2024. On October 7, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Staff stating that as the Company had not completed an initial business combination within 36 months of the effective date of its registration statement in connection with its initial public offering, it was not in compliance with Nasdaq IM 5101-2 and was therefore subject to delisting. The Company had until October 14, 2024 to request a hearing before the Panel. The Company decided to request a hearing before the Panel. Trading in the Company s securities was suspended at the opening of business on October 14, 2024. The hearing is scheduled for December 10, 2024. Additionally, on October 7, 2024, the Company submitted its initial listing application for conducting a change of control combination for the combined company on the Nasdaq Global Market the application used for de-SPAC (special purpose acquisition company) business combinations. On October 11, 2024, Nasdaq provided the Company with a comment letter and required documentation that the Company will need to close the initial business combination. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of Management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our Management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our Management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our Management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 1, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a business combination. We have not selected any business combination target, but we have had substantive discussions with potential business combination targets. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. The registration statement was declared effective on October 6, 2021. On October 12, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, including 3,000,000 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,150,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in the Private Placement to our sponsor, Cantor and Odeon, generating gross proceeds of 7,150,000. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 12, 2021, an amount of 231,150,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account and was initially invested in Treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct Treasury obligations. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on November 13, 2023 we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete the initial business combination within the Combination Period; and (iii) absent an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Public Shareholders as part of the redemption of the public shares. Merger Agreement On March 29, 2024, the Company, a Cayman Islands exempted company, entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, AKOM Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and AERKOMM Inc., a Nevada corporation AERKOMM (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will acquire AERKOMM. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company will de-register from the Register of Companies in the Cayman Islands by way of continuation out of the Cayman Islands and into the State of Delaware so as to migrate to and domesticate as a Delaware corporation prior to the closing date. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 On September 25, 2024, the Company, Merger Sub and AERKOMM entered into an amendment to the Merger Agreement to (1) provide that any lock-up period applicable to the Sponsor or any officers, directors or affiliates of the Company will terminate at the closing of the Merger, (2) change the percentage of the Founder Shares being treated as Escrowed Sponsor Shares from 50 to 25 , (3) add a provision providing for AERKOMM to pay certain amounts to the Company to cover its working capital and extension expenses, and (4) add a provision that the Company may terminate the Merger Agreement at any time prior to the closing date if AERKOMM or any Subsidiary of AERKOMM enters into voluntary bankruptcy or fails to remove within 60 days any petition in bankruptcy filed against it prior to closing. The PIPE Investment Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company and AERKOMM entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors providing for investments in the Company s Common Stock in a private placement for an aggregate cash amount of 35,000,000 at 11.50 per share of the Company s Common Stock (the PIPE Investment ). AERKOMM will exercise reasonable best efforts to obtain a PIPE Investment Amount of at least 65,000,000 (inclusive of investment amounts under SAFE Agreements (as defined below)) pursuant to PIPE arrangements, and will obtain a minimum PIPE Investment Amount, unless waived by the Company, of at least 45,000,000 minus the investment amount obtained pursuant to SAFE Agreements (the PIPE Minimum Investment Amount and will consummate the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements. The SAFE Investment On March 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, the Merger Sub, and AERKOMM (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company was obligated to enter into simple agreements for future equity (the SAFE Agreements with certain investors providing for investments in shares of the Company s Common Stock in a private placement in an aggregate amount of not less than 15,000,000 (exercising reasonable best efforts to secure 5,000,000 within twenty (20) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement, another 5,000,000 within forty (40) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement, and another 5,000,000 within sixty (60) Business Days of the date of the Merger Agreement) that will automatically convert upon the closing at 11.50 per share of the the Company s Common Stock and in accordance with such SAFE Agreements and the Merger Agreement (such investments in the aggregate, the SAFE Investment ). As of August 12, 2024, an aggregate of 2.6 million of SAFE Investment has been made. The SAFE Investment will initially be placed in an escrow account and may be released from such escrow account to an account of the Company pursuant to the joint written instructions of the Company and the Company. Sponsor Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with the Sponsor and AERKOMM, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote all of its shares in favor of each the Company Proposal sought by the Company with respect to the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) vote against any Alternative Proposal or proposal relating to a business combination transaction, (iii) vote against any merger agreement or merger, consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company (other than the Merger Agreement and transactions relating to the Merger), (iv) vote against any change in the business, management or Board of Directors of the Company (other than in connection with the Merger), (v) vote against any proposal that would impede the Merger or that would result in a breach with respect to any obligation or agreement of the Company, Merger Sub or the Sponsor under the Merger Agreement or the Company Support Agreement, and (vi) vote in favor of any proposal to extend the period of time the Company is afforded under its organizational documents to consummate an initial business combination, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Company Support Agreement. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 AERKOMM Support Agreement In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a support agreement (the AERKOMM Support Agreement with AERKOMM and certain shareholders of AERKOMM (the AERKOMM Supporting Shareholders pursuant to which the AERKOMM Supporting Shareholders agreed to, among other things,(i) vote to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger AERKOMM Transaction Proposals (ii) vote against any merger agreement or merger, consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by AERKOMM (other than the Merger Agreement and the transactions relating to the Merger); (iii) vote against any change in the business (to the extent in violation of the Merger Agreement), management or Board of Directors of AERKOMM (other than in connection with AERKOMM Transaction Proposals and the transactions contemplated thereby); and (iv) vote against any proposal that would impede the Merger or that would result in a breach with respect to any obligation or agreement of AERKOMM or AERKOMM Securityholders under the Merger Agreement or the AERKOMM Support Agreement. Registration Rights Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the closing, Pubco, the Sponsor and certain former shareholders of AERKOMM (collectively, the Holders will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which Pubco will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, certain the Company Common Shares and Domesticated the Company Warrants that are held by the Holders from time to time. The Registration Rights Agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement that was entered into the Company, the Sponsor and the other parties thereto in connection with the Company s initial public offering. The Registration Rights Agreement will terminate on the earlier of (a) the five year anniversary of the date of the Registration Rights Agreement or (b) with respect to any Holder, on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. Capital Markets Advisory Agreement On September 29, 2024, the Company and AERKOMM signed an engagement letter to appoint Benchmark to serve as a non-exclusive PIPE placement agent for a private placement of securities of approximately 30,000,000 or such other amount as will be determined by the parties. Upon successful completion of the private offering, the Company and AERKOMM will pay Benchmark 5 of the gross proceeds of any equity or equity linked securities raised in the private offering plus 2.5 of the gross proceeds of any equity or equity linked securities raised in the private offering from purchasers of securities not introduced by Benchmark, up to a cap of 400,000. Both the 35,000,000 in PIPE subscriptions and the Safenotes will not be assessed with regard to non-Benchmark introductions. Extension of Our Combination Period On April 10, 2023, we held the 2023 extraordinary meeting, at which, our shareholders approved, among other things: (i) the Extension Proposal; (ii) the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal; and (iii) the Founder Share Amendment Proposal. Under Cayman Islands law, the amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association took effect upon approval of the Extension Proposal, Founder Share Amendment Proposal and Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal. In connection with the votes to approve the Extension Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Founder Share Amendment Proposal, the holders of 18,336,279 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.31 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 189 million. After the satisfaction of the Redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately 48 million. As disclosed in the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the SEC on March 23, 2023, relating to the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, the Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Proposal is approved, it or its designee will deposit into the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering as a loan, an amount equal to the lesser of (x) 160,000 or (y) 0.04 per public share multiplied by the number of public shares outstanding, on each of the following dates: (i) April 13, 2023; and (ii) one business day following the public announcement by the Company disclosing that the board of directors of the Company has determined to extend the Deadline Date (as defined below) for an additional month in accordance with the extension. On April 13, 2023, the Sponsor advanced 160,000 to the Company for the first month of extension. On May 9, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that the board has elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination (the Deadline Date from May 12, 2023 for an additional month to June 12, 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 2023. The Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides the Company the right to extend the Deadline Date twelve times for an additional one month each time, from April 12, 2023, the initial Deadline Date, to up to April 12, 2024. In connection with the second Extension, the board delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under its previously-disclosed promissory note for the second month of the extension. On or before May 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Company s Trust Account in connection with the second extension. On June 9, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that its board of directors has elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from June 12, 2023 for an additional month to July 12, 2023. In connection with the third extension, the board of directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under its previously-disclosed promissory note for the third extension. On or before June 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Company s Trust Account in connection with the third extension. On July 11, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that its board of directors has elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from July 12, 2023 for an additional month to August 12, 2023. In connection with the fourth extension, the board of directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under its previously-disclosed promissory note for the fourth extension. On or before July 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Company s Trust Account in connection with the fourth extension. On August 9, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that its board of directors has elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from August 12, 2023 for an additional month to September 12, 2023. In connection with the fifth extension, the board of directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under its previously-disclosed promissory note for the fifth extension. On or before August 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Company s Trust Account in connection with the fifth extension. On September 7, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that its board of directors has elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from September 12, 2023 for an additional month to October 12, 2023. In connection with the sixth extension, the board of directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under its previously-disclosed promissory note for the sixth extension. On or before September 12, 2023, the Sponsor will deposit 160,000 into the Company s Trust Account in connection with the nineth extension. On October 12, 2023, we issued a press release announcing that the board of directors has elected to extend the Combination Period for an additional month, from October 12, 2023 to November 12, 2023. In connection with the seventh extension of the extended date, the board of directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under the extension promissory note. On October 13, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Trust Account in connection with this seventh extension. On November 13, 2023, we issued a press release announcing that the board of directors has elected to extend the Combination Period for an additional month, from November 12, 2023 to December 12, 2023. In connection with the eighth extension of the extended date, the board of directors delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 160,000 under the extension promissory note. On November 13, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Trust Account in connection with this eighth extension. On December 11, 2023, the Second Extension Amendment Proposal to give the board of directors the right to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination from December 12, 2023 on a monthly basis up to ten (10) times until October 12, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) (the Second Extension Amendment was approved. We filed the Second Extension Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies on December 12, 2023. On December 12, 2023, the Sponsor deposited 50,000 into the Trust Account in connection with this ninth extension to extend the liquidation to January 12, 2024. In connection with the vote to approve the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 1,817,650 public shares properly exercised their right to redeem such shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 11.00 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 19.99 million. Consequently, the Contribution will be 50,000 per month needed for us to continue to extend the Combination Period monthly. On January 19, 2024, we issued a press release announcing that its board of directors had elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination (the Deadline Date from January 12, 2024 for an additional month to February 12, 2024. The Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides the Company with the right to extend the Deadline Date eighteen times for an additional one month each time, from April 12, 2023, the initial Deadline Date, 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 to up to October 12, 2024. In connection with the tenth Extension, the Board delivered the Sponsor a written request to draw down 50,000 under its previously-disclosed promissory note. The Sponsor deposited 50,000 each into our trust account in connection with the tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth and seventeenth, Extension on January 12, 2024, February 17, 2024, March 12, 2024, April 19, 2024, May 17, 2024, June 20, 2024, July 23, 2024, August 16, 2024, September 20, 2024, respectively, to extend the life until October 12, 2024. On October 9, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders. At the meeting, the Third Extension Amendment Proposal to give the Board the right to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from October 12, 2024 on a monthly basis up to twelve (12) times until October 12, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Third Extension Amendment was approved by depositing into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension the lesser of (a) 50,000 and (b) 0.03 for each then outstanding share after giving effect to any redemptions. In connection with the shareholders vote at the meeting, 1,235,698 shares were tendered for redemption for cash at an approximate price of 11.58 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 14.3 million. On October 12 and November 13, 2024, the Company made two deposits of 48,311 for November and December extension contributions, respectively, to extend the life until December 12, 2024. The board of directors furthermore confirmed their intention and policy to continue to extend the Deadline Date on a monthly basis, but will not be issuing a press release every month. Therefore, investors can expect that the Sponsor will continue to deposit the lesser of (a) 50,000 and (b) 0.03 for each then outstanding share into the Company s Trust Account in connection with each extension on the 12th day of each month. In the event that the board of directors elects not to extend, they will issue a press release announcing this change in policy. Contribution and Extension Promissory Note On April 10, 2023, the Company held the 2023 Extraordinary Meeting. At the 2023 Extraordinary Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved, among other things, a proposal to grant the Company the right to extend the Combination Period to the Extended Date, and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, by resolution of the Company s board of directors, to elect to further extend the Extended Date in one-month increments up to eleven additional times, or a total of up to twelve months total, up to April 12, 2024 (the Extension Proposal by amending the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the First Extension ). Under Cayman Islands law, such amendment of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association took effect upon approval of the Extension Proposal. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposal, the holders of 18,336,279 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.31 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 189 million. In connection with each monthly extension in accordance with the First Extension, the Sponsor deposited 160,000 into the Trust Account every month from April to November 2023. Additionally, the Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Proposal was approved, it or its designee would deposit into the Trust Account, as a loan, the Contribution on each of the following dates: (i) April 13, 2023; and (ii) one business day following our public announcement disclosing that the board of directors has determined to extend the extended date for an additional month in accordance with the Extension Proposal. Subsequently, the Sponsor agreed that if the Second Extension Proposal was approved, it or its designee would deposit into the Trust Account, as a loan, the Contribution within seven days of the 12th day of each month pursuant to the board of directors determining to extend the extended date for an additional month in accordance with the Second Extension Proposal. In connection with the Contribution and advances the Sponsor may make in the future to us for working capital expenses, on April 13, 2023, we issued the original extension promissory note, a convertible promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount up to 1 million (the Original Extension Promissory Note ). On September 8, 2023, we issued the amended and restated promissory note in the principal amount of up to 2.5 million to the Sponsor (the Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note ), to amend and restate the Original Extension Promissory Note. On April 18, 2024, we amended and restated the convertible promissory note, dated as of September 8, 2023, previously issued to the Sponsor to increase the aggregate principal amount to up to 3,500,000 (as amended and restated, the Third Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note ). On September 20, 2024, we amended and restated the convertible promissory note, dated as of April 28, 2024, previously issued to the Sponsor to increase the aggregate principal amount to up to 4,500,000 (as amended and restated, the Fourth Amended and Restated Promissory Note ). The Fourth Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor may make, in its discretion, to us for working capital expenses. The Fourth Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date of the Company s liquidation. At the election of the Sponsor, up to 1,500,000 of the unpaid principal balance under the Fourth Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note may be converted into conversion warrants at the price of 1.00 per warrant. Such conversion warrants will have terms identical to the warrants issued to the Sponsor in the Private Placement. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal under the Fourth Amended and Restated Extension Promissory Note was 3,548,268. On December 11, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting. At the meeting, the Second Extension Amendment Proposal to give the board of directors the right to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from December 12, 2023 on a monthly basis up to ten (10) times until October 12, 2024 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Second Extension Amendment was approved. Under the law of the Cayman Islands, upon approval of the Second Extension Amendment Proposal by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the shareholders entitled to vote, who attended and voted at the meeting (including those who voted online), the Second Extension Amendment became effective. The Company filed the Second Extension Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies on December 12, 2023. In connection with the vote to approve the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 1,817,650 Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem such shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 11.00 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 19.99 million. Consequently, the Contribution will be 50,000 per month needed for the Company to complete a Business Combination. On October 9, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of its shareholders. At the meeting, the Third Extension Amendment Proposal to give the Board the right to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from October 12, 2024 on a monthly basis up to twelve (12) times until October 12, 2025 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the Third Extension Amendment was approved by depositing into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension the lesser of (a) 50,000 and (b) 0.03 for each then outstanding share after giving effect to any redemptions. In connection with the shareholders vote at the meeting, 1,235,698 shares were tendered for redemption for cash at an approximate price of 11.58 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 14.3 million. On October 12 and November 13, 2024, the Company made two deposits of 48,311 for November and December extension contributions, respectively, to extend the life until December 12, 2024. Founder Conversion On May 9, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the approval of the Founder Share Amendment Proposal, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 4,002,121 of the Class B ordinary shares, elected to convert each outstanding Class B ordinary share held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares, with immediate effect in the founder conversion. Following this founder conversion and the redemptions, we had an aggregate of 8,665,842 Class A ordinary shares and 1,747,879 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Recent Developments Nasdaq listing On October 9, 2023, the Company received a letter (the Total Shareholders Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), which required the Company to main at least 400 total holders for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Minimum Total Holders Rule ). The Total Shareholders Notice stated that the Company had until November 24, 2023 to provide Nasdaq with a plan to regain compliance. If the plan was accepted, Nasdaq might grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Total Shareholders Notice to evidence compliance. If Nasdaq did not accept the Company s plan, the Company would have the opportunity to appeal that decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Total Shareholders Notice had no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s securities, and the Company s securities continued to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market. On November 24, 2023, the Company provided plan to Nasdaq for meeting the requirements under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), and evaluated available options to regain compliance. However, there could be no assurance that the Company would be able to regain compliance under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), or would otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria. On October 12, 2023, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC (the Oct. 2023 Current Report to disclose its receipt of the Total Shareholders Notice in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(b). On January 18, 2024 the Company provided an update to Nasdaq of its progress on fulfilling the plan to regain compliance and received a request to provide an additional update to Nasdaq on February 20, 2024. On February 20, 2024 the Company again updated Nasdaq on its progress in fulfilling the plan to regain compliance and continues to be proactive in regaining compliance. Pursuant to the 180-day deadline from the letter received October 9, 2023, the date for the Company to demonstrate compliance is April 6, 2024. In the event that the Company is not able to demonstrate compliance to Nasdaq on such date, there is a reasonable possibility that the Company may receive a de-list letter from Nasdaq, at which point the Company would need to request a hearing. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company received a Total Shareholders Notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company did not regain compliance with the Minimum Total Holders Rule. The Company timely requested a hearing before the Panel to appeal the Total Shareholders Notice from Nasdaq and the hearing was held on June 18, 2024. On August 5, 2024, the Panel granted the Company s request for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market and confirmed that the Company was in compliance with the Minimum Total Holders Rule. On October 7, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Staff stating that as the Company had not completed an initial business combination within 36 months of the effective date of its registration statement in connection with its initial public offering, it was not in compliance with Nasdaq IM 5101-2 and was therefore subject to delisting. The Company had until October 14, 2024 to request a hearing before the Panel. The Company decided to request a hearing before the Panel. Trading in the Company s securities was suspended at the opening of business on October 14, 2024. The hearing is scheduled for December 10, 2024. Additionally, on October 7, 2024, the Company submitted its initial listing application for conducting a change of control combination for the combined company on the Nasdaq Global Market the application used for de-SPAC (special purpose acquisition company) business combinations. On October 11, 2024, Nasdaq provided the Company with a comment letter and required documentation that the Company will need to close the initial business combination. Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception up to September 30, 2024 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination target. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We will generate non - operating income in the form of interest income from the amount held in the Trust Account. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had net loss of approximately 281,000, which consisted of approximately 631,000 in operating and formation expenses which were partially offset by approximately 350,000 in income from cash held in the Trust Account. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had net loss of approximately 2.3 million, which consisted of approximately 2.2 million in operating and formation expenses and approximately 70 interest expense from bank and a loss of approximately 1.1 million from change in fair value of derivative warrant liability, which were partially offset by approximately 1 million in income from cash held in the Trust Account. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of approximately 477,000, which consisted of approximately 646,000 in income from investments held in the Trust Account and interest income on an operating account, which were partially offset by approximately 169,000 in operating and formation expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of approximately 3.6 million, which consisted of approximately 4.1 million in income from investments held in the Trust Account and interest income on an operating account, gain of approximately 337,000 from the forfeiture of deferred underwriting fees, which were partially offset by a loss of approximately 187,000 from the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 673,000 in operating and formation expenses. Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations Our results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern Our liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from our Sponsor to cover for certain offering expenses on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares, a loan under the Initial Public Offering s promissory note in the 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 amount of 250,000 and advances from our Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on our behalf, and net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. We fully repaid the Initial Public Offering s promissory note balance on October 12, 2021. We also paid for certain expenses on behalf of a related party. As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately 3,500 in amount due from related party outstanding, which was fully paid in April 2022. Subsequently, we borrowed an additional amount of approximately 2,800 and fully settled the balance in July 2022. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 9,000 in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of approximately 5.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was approximately 1.2 million. Net loss of approximately 2.3 million was affected by income from cash held in the Trust Account of approximately 1 million, change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately 1.1 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided approximately 1 million of cash for operating activities. Cash used in investing activities resulted from monthly extension deposits into the Trust Account of 450,000. Cash provided by financing activities resulted from the proceeds from the Extension Promissory Note of approximately 1.7 million . For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was approximately 455,000. Net income of approximately 3.6 million was affected by change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of approximately 187,000, income from investments held in the Trust Account of approximately 4.1 million, gain on forfeiture deferred underwriting commission of approximately 337,000 and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided approximately 218,000 of cash for operating activities. Cash provided by investing activities resulted from the redemption from the Trust Account of approximately 189 million and cash deposited into the Trust Account of 960,000. Cash used in financing activities resulted from the proceeds from the Extension Promissory Note of approximately 1.4 million and redemption of Class A ordinary shares of 189 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash held in the Trust Account of approximately 33 million. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable, if applicable, and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC 205-40, we have until October 12, 2025, if all extensions of the extended date are exercised, to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time, and if a business combination is not consummated by this date, then there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of our Company. Our management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements are issued. We plan to address this uncertainty through the initial business combination. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate the initial business combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. The condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Contractual Obligations Registration Rights Agreement The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the registration statement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to consummation of a business combination. We have granted Cantor and Odeon or their designees or 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 affiliates certain registration rights relating to these securities. The underwriters of the Initial Public Offering may not exercise their demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration statement and may not exercise demand rights on more than one occasion. We bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriters Agreement In connection with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments. On October 12, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of 30,000,000 to us. The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit (excluding over-allotment Units) in the Initial Public Offering, or 4,000,000 in the aggregate upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.50 per Unit (excluding over-allotment Units), and 0.70 per over-allotment Unit (totaling 12,100,000 in aggregate) is payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commission. The deferred fee is payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement. On April 12, 2023, we entered into a Fee Reduction Agreement, which amends the Underwriting Agreement. According to the Underwriting Agreement, we previously agreed to pay to the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering an aggregate of 12,100,000 as deferred underwriting commissions, a portion of which fee is payable to each underwriter in proportion to their respective commitments pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, upon the consummation of a business combination. Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, the underwriters have agreed to forfeit sixty-six and 94/100 percent (66.94 of the aggregate deferred underwriting commissions of 12,100,000 for a total reduction of 8,100,000. However, if we enter into a business combination with a target at a pre-money valuation above 100 million, the forfeiture percentage for underwriters will be reduced to no less than fifty percent (50 to each, an approximate reduction of 6,050,000. On April 4, 2024, we entered into an Amended Restated Fee Reduction Agreement, which amends the Underwriting Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF CO ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Fee Reduction Agreement with CF CO, in the event that we consummates the Business Combination, CF CO agrees that it will forfeit 6,475,000 of the aggregate original deferred fee that would otherwise be payable by us to CF CO, resulting in a remainder of 1,995,000. On April 4, 2024, we entered into an Amended Restated Fee Reduction Agreement, which amends the Underwriting Agreement with Odeon Capital Group LLC Odeon ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Fee Reduction Agreement with Odeon, in the event that we consummates the Business Combination with AERKOMM, Odeon agrees that it will forfeit 2,775,000 of the aggregate original deferred fee that would otherwise be payable by us to Odeon, resulting in a remainder of 855,000. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Administrative Support Agreement On October 6, 2021, we entered into an agreement with IX Acquisition Services LLC, to pay up to 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon completion of a business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees, however, IX Services waived these fees for the year ended December 31, 2023 and three and nine-months ended September 30, 2024. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 All of the 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and subsequent full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option contain a redemption feature, which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of our Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all public shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Derivative Financial Instruments We evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC 815. Derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. We evaluated the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in accordance with ASC 480 and ASC 815 and concluded that a provision in the warrant agreement related to certain tender or exchange offers precludes the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, they were recorded as derivative liabilities on the balance sheets included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the Initial Public Offering) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements in the period of change. The determination of fair value for the warrant liabilities represents a significant estimate within the financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . Convertible Instruments The Company accounts for its promissory notes that feature conversion options in accordance with ASC 815. ASC 815 requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as freestanding derivative financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria includes circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) a promissory note that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable GAAP with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures. Management does not believe there are any material recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards that, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our Management Team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, as of the date of this Report, other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in our (i) Registration Statement, (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022 and as amended May 9, 2022 (the 2021 Annual Report (iii) 2022 Annual Report, (iv) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, September 30, 2022 and March 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, November 10, 2022 and May 22, 2023, respectively (v) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on March 23, 2023, and (vi) the Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations under applicable accounting standards, Management has determined that our possible need for additional financing to enable us negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, as well as the deadline by which we may be required to liquidate our trust account, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements were issued. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on November 13, 2023, we instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, we may receive less interest on the funds held in the Trust Account than the interest we would have received pursuant to our original Trust Account investments, which could reduce the dollar amount our Public Shareholders would receive upon any redemption or our liquidation. The funds in the Trust Account had, since our Initial Public Offering, been held in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However on November 13, 2023, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we instructed Continental, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or liquidation. Following such liquidation, we may receive less interest on the funds held in the Trust Account than the interest we would have received pursuant to our original Trust Account investments; however, interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. Consequently, the transfer of the funds in the Trust Account to an interest-bearing demand deposit account could reduce the dollar amount our Public Shareholders would receive upon any redemption or our liquidation. In the event that we may be deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to liquidate the Company. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 Military or other conflicts in Ukraine, the Middle East or elsewhere may lead to increased volume and price volatility for publicly traded securities, or affect the operations or financial condition of potential target companies, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. Military or other conflicts in Ukraine, the Middle East or elsewhere may lead to increased volume and price volatility for publicly traded securities, or affect the operations or financial condition of potential target companies, and to other company or industry-specific, national, regional or international economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a Business Combination target and consummate an initial Business Combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. If the Company is deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, the Company may be forced to abandon its efforts to complete the Business Combination and instead be required to liquidate. To mitigate the risk of that result, as of November 13, 2023, the Company has moved its Trust Account from investments in securities to an interest-bearing bank demand deposit account. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC. It is possible that a claim could be made that the Company has been operating as an unregistered investment company, including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, based on the current views of the SEC. If the Company was deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, the Company might be forced to abandon its efforts to complete the Business Combination and instead be required to liquidate. If the Company is required to liquidate, the Company would not be able to complete the Business Combination and investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in AKOM Inc., including the potential appreciation in the value of the shares and warrants following such a transaction, and the the Company s warrants would expire worthless. Prior to December 31, 2023, the funds in the Trust Account were held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Nevertheless, to mitigate the risk of the Company being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, as of November 13, 2023, the Company has instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the Trust Account and, thereafter, to hold all funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing bank demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our business combination or our liquidation. The SEC has recently issued final rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a business combination and may make it more difficult to complete a business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Final Rules may cause us to liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. On January 24, 2024, the SEC adopted final rules (the SPAC Rules relating, among other things, to disclosures in SEC filings in connection with business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; and the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions. SPACs will be required to comply with the SPAC Rules beginning July 1, 2024. In connection with the issuance of the SPAC Rules, the SEC also issued guidance (the SPAC Guidance regarding the potential liability of certain participants in business combination transactions and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). The need for compliance with the SPAC Rules and the SPAC Guidance may cause us to liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. Certain of the procedures that we or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rules, the SPAC Guidance, or before July 1, 2024 as a matter of practice in light of the SEC s previously expressed views, may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing an initial business combination, including the transaction with respect to the Merger Agreement, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rules and the SPAC Guidance may cause us to liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. Were we to liquidate, our warrants would expire worthless, and our securityholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our securities. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Use of Proceeds For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, see Part II, Item 5 of the 2021 Annual Report. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as described in the Registration Statement. The specific investments in our Trust Account may change from time to time. On November 13, 2023 we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, the remaining proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. . 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report.3 No. 

Description of Exhibit 

 10.1 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated September 8, 2023, issued to IX Acquisition Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2023). 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: November 13, 2024 IX Acquisition Corp. By: /s/ Noah Aptekar Name: Noah Aptekar Title Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

 45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ixaqu-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Noah Aptekar, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IX Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Noah Aptekar Noah Aptekar Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ixaqu-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Noah Aptekar, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IX Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Noah Aptekar Noah Aptekar Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ixaqu-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IX Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Noah Aptekar, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Noah Aptekar Noah Aptekar Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ixaqu-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IX Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Noah Aptekar, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Noah Aptekar Noah Aptekar Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ixaqu-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ixaqu-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ixaqu-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ixaqu-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

