<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1865120_0001493152-24-052427.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3240438</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>86120</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>663051</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>736582</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>746355</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>957613</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-052427.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230131037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-052427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Broad Capital Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865120
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				863382967
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41212
		FILM NUMBER:		241588591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6208 SANDPEBBLE CT.
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-951-3088

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6208 SANDPEBBLE CT.
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-052427.txt : 20241230

10-Q/A
 1
 form10-qa.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Amendment
No. 1) 

(Mark
 One) 

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For
 the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer 
and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large-accelerated
 filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of May 15, 2024, there were shares of common stock, par value per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding
(excluding 1,717,663 subject to possible redemption). 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

BROAD
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-1 

Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and the three months ended March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-2 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and the three months ended March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-3 

Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and the three months ended March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-4 

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 F-5 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 3 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 7 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 7 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION: 
 8 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 8 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 8 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 8 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Other Information 
 8 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Exhibits 
 9 

2 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Financial Statements 

BROAD
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

March 31, 2024 
 December 31, 
2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Cash held in trust account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accounts payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Extension loans 

Working capital loan 

Excise tax liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriter commission 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at per share) as of March 31, 2024 and shares (at per share) as of December 31, 2023 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preference Shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares and shares subject to possible redemption as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 1 

BROAD
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 

Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest expense 

Interest earned on cash held in trust account 

Net Income (Loss) Before Tax 

Income tax 

Net Income (Loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per share of Common Stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 2 

BROAD
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 

 AND 

 FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

- 

Extension funds attributable to common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Excise tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance March 31, 2024 

- 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

Extension funds attributable to common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Additional amount deposited into trust 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to redemption - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance March 31, 2023 

- 

Balance 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 3 

BROAD
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash held in trust account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Account payables 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Interest withdraws from Trust Account for taxes 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Redemption of Common Stock 

Proceeds from Working capital loan 

Proceeds from Extension loan 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Extension Funds attributable to common stock subject to redemption 

Remeasurement of Common Stock subject to redemption 

Excise tax liability 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

F- 4 

BROAD
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the
Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of (the Initial
Public Offering ), and incurring transaction costs of , of which was for deferred underwriting commissions
(see Note 6). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to Units at the Initial Public Offering price
to cover over-allotments, if any. On February 9, 2022, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and on February
10, 2022, purchased an additional Units from the Company (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds
of , and forfeited the remainder of the option. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of
 units (the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds
of (the Private Placement (see Note 4). With the exercise of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated
the Private Placement of Placement Units to the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of . 

On
February 9, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units, generating
gross proceeds of and forfeited the remainder of the option, which is shares of common stock. In connection with the
closing and sale of the Over-Allotment Units and the additional Placement Units (together, the Over-Allotment Closing ),
a total of in proceeds from the Over-Allotment Closing (which amount includes of the Underwriters deferred
discount) was placed in a U.S.-based trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders, maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 13, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units was placed in
a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and held as cash items or may be invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

Trust
Account 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least of the value of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least 
 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering,
including proceeds of the Placement Units, will be held in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States
and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company
meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. On January 4, 2024,
we instructed our trust custodian to liquidate our positions in marketable securities and invest of the trust account in an interest-bearing
demand deposit account. 

Redemption
Option 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a stockholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded
at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

The
Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

Stockholder
Approval 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company
decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Insider shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to
redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of 20 of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
holders of the Insider Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Insider Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined
below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless
the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

Openmarkets
Merger Agreement 

On
January 18, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Business Combination Agreement (the Openmarkets
Merger Agreement or BCA with Openmarkets Group Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary limited company Openmarkets 
or the Target ), BMYG OMG Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary limited company and Broad Capital LLC, solely as the Company s
sponsor (collectively, the Parties ). Pursuant to the Openmarkets Merger Agreement, prior to the closing (the Closing of the contemplated transactions (collectively, the Business Combination ), the Parties will cause the Company to move its
domicile from the State of Delaware to Australia by merging a to-be-formed Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), which shall
be wholly-owned by a to-be-formed Australian corporation (the Purchaser with and into the Company, with the Company continuing
as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (the Redomestication Merger ). 

As
a result of the Redomestication Merger, (i) each issued and outstanding share of the Company s common stock, par value 
per share (the Company Common Stock ), will convert into the right to receive one share of common stock the Purchaser (the
 Purchaser Shares (ii) each of the Company s units (the Company Units ), comprised of one share of
Company Common Stock and one right to receive one-tenth of one share of Company Common Stock upon the Closing (each a Company
Right ), shall convert into the right to receive one unit of the Purchaser, comprised of one Purchaser Share and one right to receive
one-tenth of one Purchaser Share upon the Closing (each a Purchaser Right and (iii) each Company Right shall be converted
into the right to receive one Purchaser Right. 

Following
the Redomestication Merger, the Company will liquidate and all assets of the Company shall be transferred to the Purchaser and all liabilities
of the Company are, or shall be, assumed by the Purchaser (the Liquidation ). The Company is required to cause all of its
contracts to be assigned to and assumed by the Purchaser. Additionally, pursuant to the original Agreement and Plan of Merger and Business
Combination Agreement, following the Redomestication Merger and the Liquidation, the Stockholder will contribute all of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of the Target to the Purchaser in exchange for Purchaser Shares (the Exchange Consideration ).
However, on August 4, 2023, the Company, the Target, the Seller, the Indemnified Party Representative, and the Purchaser entered into
that certain BCA Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to (i) decrease the number of Purchaser Shares to be issued to the Seller
as consideration at the Closing from to due to an updated valuation of the Target; (ii) amend certain schedules to
the BCA to reflect the updated valuation of the Target; (iii) make clarifying changes to certain representations and conditions to the
Closing; and (iv) extend the Outside Date (as defined in the BCA) from June 30, 2023 to January 1, 2024. The Amendment was made effective
as of August 1, 2023. Effective January 9, 2024, the Company, OMG, the Seller, the Indemnified Representative, and the Purchaser entered
into that certain BCA Amendment No. 2 (the BCA Amendment No. 2 to (i) clarify that although the parties would continue
to seek additional financing, the Purchaser would not be required to have any minimum amount of net tangible assets at Closing; (ii)
clarify that at Closing, the Purchaser shall have become listed on any tier of the Nasdaq exchange; and (iii) extend the Outside Date
(as defined in the BCA) from January 1, 2024 to April 30, 2024. On March 22, 2024, the Company, OMG,
the Seller, the Indemnified Party Representative, and the Purchaser entered into that certain BCA Amendment No. 3 (the BCA Amendment
No. 3 to (i) decrease the number of Purchaser Shares to be issued to the Seller as consideration at the Closing from 
to due to an updated valuation of OMG; (ii) amend certain schedules to the BCA to reflect the updated valuation of OMG; (iii)
increase the number of Purchaser Shares to be issued to the Seller in connection with the Earnout from to due to an
updated valuation of OMG; (iv) update the Earnout Period to cover a period of three years commencing on June 30, 2024; and (v) provide
that, in general, material new business opportunities must be reasonably expected to meet certain gross profit and EBITDA metrics. The
BCA Amendment No. 3 was made effective as of March 8, 2024. On April 29, 2024, the Company, OMG, the Seller, the Indemnified Party Representative,
and the Purchaser entered into that certain BCA Amendment No. 4 to (i) decrease the number of Purchaser Shares to be issued to the Seller
as consideration at the Closing from to ; (ii) clarify certain definitions to the BCA; and (iii) increase the number
of Purchaser Shares to be issued to the Seller in connection with the Earnout by up to if the Purchaser achieved certain revenue
milestones during the first year following the Closing. The BCA Amendment No. 4 was made effective as of April 25, 2024. 

The
Purchaser Shares shall have a deemed value of per share for the purposes of all calculations and adjustments under the BCA, with
such Exchange Consideration subject to adjustment based on the Target s net indebtedness, working capital, and indemnification
obligations following the Closing as detailed in the BCA (the Acquisition Contribution and Exchange ). 

Any
adjustments to the Exchange Consideration shall be made from Purchaser Shares placed in escrow pursuant to an escrow agreement (the Escrow
Shares ), which Escrow Shares shall be released to either the Purchaser or the Stockholder based on the nature of the adjustment
to the Exchange Consideration. Additionally, in the event the Target s net working capital at the Closing (the Net Working
Capital exceeds the Target s pre-Closing estimated net working capital (the Estimated Net Working Capital ),
the Stockholder will receive additional Purchaser Shares in an amount equal to the difference between the Net Working Capital and the
Estimated Net Working Capital (the Adjustment Exchange Consideration ). Further, in addition to the Escrow Shares and the
Adjustment Exchange Consideration, an additional Purchaser Shares may be paid to the Stockholder based on certain performance
benchmarks following the Closing as detailed in the BCA (the Earnout ). 

Charter
Amendment and Termination Date 

On
January 13, 2022, the Company consummated its initial public offering (the Offering ). In connection therewith, the
Company entered into an Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 10, 2022 (the Trust Agreement ), by and between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee Continental ). The form of the Trust Agreement
was initially filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258943) for the Offering. 

Pursuant
to the Offering and the Trust Agreement, the Company had 12 months from the closing of the Offering to consummate its initial business
combination, which expired on January 13, 2023 (the Termination Date ). Prior to that, on January 10, 2023, the Company
held a virtual special meeting of its stockholders, pursuant to due notice (the January 2023 Stockholders Meeting ). At
the January 2023 Stockholders Meeting, the Company s stockholders entitled to vote cast their votes and approved a proposal to
amend the Trust Agreement to extend the Termination Date for an additional nine one (1) month extensions until October 13, 2023 (the
 First Trust Amendment by depositing into the Trust Account an additional per share for each one-month until October
13, 2023 unless the Closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred. 

At
January 2023 Stockholders Meeting, the Company s stockholders holding 4,227,461 Public
Shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at an approximate price of 10.25 per share of the funds
in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately 43.35 million cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following
the redemption, the Company s remaining common stock subject to redemption outstanding were 5,931,608. 

Also
at the January 2023 Stockholders Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter Amendment to extend the Termination Date as amended in the amended Trust
Agreement to extend the date by which the Company (i) may consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as a business
combination, (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 
of the Company s common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering (provided the Company
funds the monthly extension payments to the Trust Account) unless extended, the Company will (a) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (c) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On
June 9, 2023, the Company held an additional Special Meeting of Stockholders (the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting ). At the
June 2023 Stockholders Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Charter (a) to extend the
Termination Date again by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from October 13, 2023 by up to three (3) one-month
extensions to January 13, 2024 (the Extended Termination Date and (b) to decrease the monthly extension fee from 
per share for each Public Share outstanding after giving effect to redemptions (in the aggregate, the Monthly Extension Loan to, in the aggregate, the Adjusted Monthly Extension Loan, as defined above, commencing on June 13, 2023. As amended, the
required payment for each monthly extension period shall constitute the deposit by Broad Capital LLC (or its affiliates or permitted
designees) into the Trust Account of for each such one-month extension beginning on June 13, 2023 until January 13, 2024, unless
the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred (the Adjusted Monthly Extension Loan in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. 

The
Company also amended the Company s Trust Agreement dated as of January 10, 2022, as amended on January 10, 2023, by and between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing the Company reduce the amount of the Monthly Extension Loan
to for each one-month extension beginning on June 13, 2023 until January 13, 2024, and to extend the Termination Date for an
additional three (3) one-month extensions until January 13, 2024, and to update certain defined terms in the Trust Agreement (the Second
Amendment to the Trust Agreement and such proposal the Second Trust Amendment Proposal ). 

At
the June 2023 Stockholders Meeting, the Company s stockholders holding Public Shares of common stock exercised their
right to redeem their shares for cash at an approximate price of per share of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately
 was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following the redemption, the Company s remaining common stock
subject to redemption outstanding were . 

Thereafter,
the Company was required to deposit into the Trust Account for each extension period exercised commencing June 13, 2023 and
ending on January 13, 2024, unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred. 

On
January 8, 2024, the Company held a Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Meeting ). At the Meeting, the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Charter, as amended on January 11, 2023 and June 12, 2023 (the Extension
Amendment Proposal ), (a) to extend the date by which the Company have to consummate a business combination from January 13,
2024 (the Termination Date by up to twelve (12) one-month extensions to January 13, 2025 (the Extended
Date and (b) to decrease the monthly extension fee from (the Monthly Extension Loan to the
Adjusted Monthly Extension Loan commencing on January 13, 2024. 

The
Company also amended the Company s investment management trust agreement (the Trust Agreement ), dated as of
January 10, 2022, as amended on January 10, 2023 and June 12, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, allowing the Company to reduce the amount of the Monthly Extension Loan to for each one-month extension beginning on
January 13, 2024 until January 13, 2025, to extend the Termination Date for an additional twelve (12) one-month extensions until January
13, 2025, to require Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to invest funds in an interest-bearing demand deposit account, and
to update certain defined terms in the Trust Agreement. 

On
January 8, 2024, stockholders holding shares of common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at an approximate
price of per share of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately million will be removed from the Trust
Account to pay such holders. Following the redemption, the Company s remaining common stock subject to redemption outstanding were
 . The Company is required to deposit into the Trust Account for each monthly extension exercised commencing on January
13, 2024 and ending on January 13, 2025. 

The
holders of the Insider Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Insider shares if the Company fails to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Insider shares acquire Public Shares in or
after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred
underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and of cash in its operating bank account respectively. 

The
Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 
from the Sponsor to cover for certain offering costs on the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Insider shares (as defined
in Note 5). Following the Initial Public Offering of the Company on January 13, 2022, a total of under the promissory note was
repaid on January 19, 2022. After the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through
the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In
addition, to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in
Note 5). As of March 31, 2024, there was outstanding under Working Capital Loan and outstanding under Extension Loan. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company
is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the Public Shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve
raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the
working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated
in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statement has been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of
the Company as a going concern. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

cash equivalents as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

of the trust
account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance in the Trust Account
was and
 ,
respectively. 

and in
Delaware franchise tax respectively. 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statements recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of March
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since
inception. 

The
effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 is and respectively. The effective tax rate differs
from the statutory tax rate of for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, due to transaction costs and the valuation allowance
on the deferred tax assets. 

The
income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 are 
and ,
respectively. The income tax payable as of March 31, 2024 is and the income tax payable as of December 31, 2023 is . 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic
(i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the
repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 
of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of
stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or
avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions
and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii)
the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued
not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content
of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the
redeeming holders, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction
in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

At
this time, it has been determined that the IR Act tax provisions would have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2023 and 2024 tax
provision as there were redemptions by the public stockholders in 2023 and 2024; as a result, the Company recorded and 
excise tax liability as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s
business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s
tax provision in future periods. 

Class
A Common Stock Subject to Redemption 

All
of the Class A common stocks sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in
connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480, conditionally redeemable Class A common stocks (including Class A common stocks that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the income
and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did
not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that currently, the Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount
that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . However, the threshold in its charter would not change the nature
of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus public shares would be required to be disclosed outside of permanent equity. The Company
recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares of common stock
to equal the redemption value per share) at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in
capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. 

As
of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and Class A Common Stocks outstanding are subject to possible redemption,
respectively. 

. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
 . 

As
of January 13, 2022, the Company closed its Initial Public Offering and incurred transaction costs of approximately , of which
 was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

On
February 9, 2022, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and on February 10, 2022, purchased an additional 
Units from the Company (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of , and forfeited the remainder
of the option. 

Placement Units at a price of per
Placement Unit in the aggregate). 

The
proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
The Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Units will expire worthless. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Over-Allotment, the Company completed the private sale of an additional placement units at a purchase price
of per placement unit, to the Company s sponsor, Broad Capital LLC, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company
of . 

In
connection with the closing and sale of the Over-Allotment Units and the additional placement units (together, the Over-Allotment
Closing ), a total of in proceeds from the Over-Allotment Closing was placed in a U.S.-based trust account established
for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

insider shares for an aggregate purchase price of . The number of insider shares
will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock after the
Initial Public Offering. 

On
May 25, 2021, the Sponsor transferred insider shares of Common Stock among our four independent directors, leaving insider
shares held by our Sponsor. 

Due
to the over-allotment option being partially exercised by the underwriter on February 10, 2022 (see note 6), the Sponsor forfeited 
insider shares. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 223, there were insider shares issued and outstanding and no further insider shares are
subject to forfeiture. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
April 16, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of , to be used for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering pursuant to an Amendment to
Promissory Note effective September 30, 2021. The Company had borrowed under the promissory note with the Sponsor. Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 13, 2022, the Company repaid a total of under the promissory note on January
19, 2022. The Company has not drawn additional funds on the promissory note as of March 31, 2024. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, with interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Placement Units. If a Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans,
but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of March 31, 2024, there was 
outstanding under working capital loans and as of December 31, 2023, there was borrowed under working capital loan. 

Extension
Loan 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company approved the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the
 Charter Amendment and approved the proposal to amend the Company s Trust Agreement with Continental. The Charter
Amendment allows the Company to extend the Termination Date by up to nine (9) one-month extensions to October 13, 2023 provided that
the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust Account an additional per share or approximately
 for each month until October 13, 2023. On June 9, 2023, the Company held a Special Meeting of Stockholders and approved an amendment
to the Company s Charter, as further amended on January 11, 2023 to extend the date by which they have to consummate a business
combination from October 13, 2023 by up to three (3) one-month extensions to January 13, 2024 and to decrease the monthly extension fee
from to per month. On January 8, 2024, the Company amended the Company s investment management trust agreement
(the Trust Agreement ), dated as of January 10, 2022, as amended on January 11, 2023 and June 12, 2023, by and between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing the Company to reduce the amount of the Monthly Extension Loan
to for each one-month extension beginning on January 13, 2024 until January 13, 2025, to extend the Termination Date for an additional
twelve (12) one-month extensions until January 13, 2025, to require Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to invest funds in
an interest-bearing demand deposit account, and to update certain defined terms in the Trust Agreement. As of March 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there was and outstanding under extension loans, respectively. 

No
compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan,
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Administrative
Services Arrangement 

Commencing
on the date the Units were first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and the three months ended March
31, 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, in fees related to this service. As of March 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023, all expenses associated with this service is included in Accrued Expenses and none has been paid. Total amount due as of March
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are and respectively. 

Units from the Company (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of , and forfeited the remainder
of the option, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate if
the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

On
February 10, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option.
The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

shares of common stock with a par
value of per share. On March 31, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were (excluding and shares respectively subject to possible redemption) shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred
Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share
with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. On March
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Rights

The
Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Public Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down
to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
As a result, the holders of the Public Rights must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of the holders 
rights upon closing of a Business Combination. 

into the Company s trust account for its public stockholders, representing 
per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination from April
13, 2024 to May 13, 2024. 

On
May 11, 2024, the Company deposited into the Company s trust account for its public stockholders, representing per
public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination from May 13, 2024
to June 13, 2024. 

F- 18 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Broad
Capital Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to Broad Capital, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form
10-Q including statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially
from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors
section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 14, 2024.
The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly
required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

3 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 16, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement, our capital
stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

All
activity through March 31, 2024, relates to our formation and preparation of our IPO, which closed on January 11, 2022, and our search
for an initial Business Combination and our pursuit of approval of the Business Combination pursuant to the Openmarkets Merger Agreement.
We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise
capital or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

In
our IPO, we completed the sale of 10,000,000 units that consisted of one share of common stock, par value 0.000001 per share and one
right, with each right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our Business
Combination. Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, we closed a private placement of an aggregate of 446,358 units at a price of
 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,463,580. On February 9, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised
the Over-Allotment Option and purchased an additional 159,069 Units generating 1,590,690, and the Company completed the private sale
of 4,772 private units generating 47,720 for a total of 4,511,300 from the placement units. In connection with the closing and sale
of the Over-Allotment Units and the additional private placement units, 1,606,597 in proceeds from the Over-Allotment Closing (including
 31,814 of the Underwriters deferred discount) was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

As
of March 31, 2024, we had cash held in trust account for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders of 19,495,620
(including 228,051 of interest earned during the three months ended March 31, 2024). The trust fund account is invested in an
interest-bearing trust account and the income earned on those investments is also for the benefit of our public shareholders. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of IPO and the Private Placement, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering and identifying a target company for our initial Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence
on prospective Business Combination candidates. 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2024, we had a net loss of 533,432 consisting of formation and operating costs of 669,065 and
franchise tax of 40,000 and income tax of 52,091 and interest expenses of 60,327 offset by interest earned from cash held in
trust account of 288,051. On January 4, 2024, we instructed our trust custodian to liquidate our positions in marketable
securities and invest 100 of the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account. 

By
comparison, for the three months ended March 31, 2023, we had a net loss of 652,296 consisting of formation and operating costs of
 1,181,717, franchise taxes of 48,785, income taxes of 142,579 and interest expenses of 6,946, adjusted by interest income earned
on marketable securities held in trust account in the amount of 727,731. 

4 

Recent
Developments 

As
previously reported by the Company on its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2023, on January 18, 2023, the Company entered
into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger and Business Combination Agreement, as amended by BCA Amendment No. 1 dated August 1,
2023 and BCA Amendment No. 2 effective January 9, 2024 (the Openmarkets Merger Agreement or BCA with Openmarkets
Group Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary limited company (the Target ), BMYG OMG Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary limited
company and Broad Capital LLC, solely in its capacity as the Company s sponsor. 

Pursuant
to the Openmarkets Merger Agreement, prior to the closing (the Closing of the contemplated transactions (collectively,
the Business Combination ), the Parties will cause the Company to move its domicile from the State of Delaware to Australia
by merging a to-be-formed Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), which shall be wholly-owned by a to-be-formed Australian corporation
(the Purchaser with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Purchaser (the Redomestication Merger ). 

As
a result of the Redomestication Merger, (i) each issued and outstanding share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.000001
per share (the Company Common Stock ), will convert into the right to receive one share of common stock of the Purchaser
(the Purchaser Shares (ii) each of the Company s units (the Company Units ), comprised of one share
of Company Common Stock and one right to receive one-tenth of one share of Company Common Stock upon the Closing (each a Company
Right ), shall convert into the right to receive one unit of the Purchaser, comprised of one Purchaser Share and one right to receive
one-tenth of one Purchaser Share upon the Closing (each a Purchaser Right and (iii) each Company Right shall be converted
into the right to receive one Purchaser Right. For more information on the Openmarkets Merger and the Openmarkets Merger Agreement, see
 Item 1. Business and please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of March 31, 2024, the Company had 164,776 of cash in its operating bank account. 

The
Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of
 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain offering costs on the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of the insider
shares (as defined in Note 4). Following the Initial Public Offering of the Company on January 13, 2022, a total of 133,533 under
the promissory note was repaid on January 19, 2022, and the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds
from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note
5). As of March 31, 2024, there was 833,074 outstanding under the Working Capital Loan. By comparison, as of December 31, 2023,
there was 754,748 under Working Capital Loan. 

Pursuant
to the January 2023 Stockholder Meeting, the June 2023 Stockholder Meeting and January 2024 Stockholder Meeting, each to extend the Termination
Date and to provide for the payment of extension payments to the Trust Account, monthly extension loan advances (the Extension
Loan have occurred on the Company s behalf to fund the required payment by the Sponsor or its affiliate or designee into
the Trust Account in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination.
As of March 31, 2024, there was 3,083,628 outstanding under the Extension Loan and as of December 31, 2023, there was 2,903,628 outstanding under the Extension Loan. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that the Company expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of the consummation
of a Business Combination. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering had been satisfied
through proceeds from notes payable and from the issuance of common stock. However, the 164,776 in cash might not be sufficient to allow
the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements. Additionally, the combination period
is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. As a result, there is substantial doubt that the Company
can sustain operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of these financial statements. 

5 

The
Company s Sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the
Company may not be able to obtain additional financing if needed. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company
is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the Public Shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve
raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the
working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated
in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statement has been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of
the Company as a going concern. 

Contractual
obligations 

As
of March 31, 2024, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities,
other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support
provided to the Company and deferred underwriting commission payable to the underwriter. We began incurring these fees on January 13,
2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination and the Company s
liquidation. 

For
the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company incurred 30,000 in fees related to this services by the Sponsor. By comparison,
for the three months ended March 31, 2023, 30,000 of expense was recorded and included in formation and operating costs in the
statement of operations. 

The
underwriter is entitled to deferred commissions of 3,555,674 from the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. The deferred commissions
will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely if we complete a Business Combination, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

6 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our condensed financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

The
JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will
qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an
 emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
of March 31, 2024, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our initial public offering,
the net proceeds received into the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries until January 4, 2024, at which point we
instructed our trust custodian to liquidate our positions in marketable securities and invest 100 of the trust account in an interest-bearing
demand deposit account. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure
to interest rate risk. 

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

7 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter
ended March 31, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report,
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance
that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K covering the period from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to
such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in
a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known
to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

None. 

8 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

9 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Broad
 Capital Acquisition Corp 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Johann Tse 

Johann
 Tse 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Johann Tse, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Broad Capital Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Johann Tse 

Johann
 Tse 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Rongrong (Rita) Jiang, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Broad Capital Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rongrong (Rita) Jiang 

Rongrong
 (Rita) Jiang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Broad Capital Acquisition Corp (the Company for the quarter
ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Johann Tse, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Johann Tse 

Johann
 Tse 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Broad Capital Acquisition Corp (the Company for the quarter
ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Rongrong (Rita) Jiang, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rongrong (Rita) Jiang 

Rongrong
 (Rita) Jiang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 brac-20240331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 brac-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 brac-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 brac-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

