<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1391135_0001096906-24-002150.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9011216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192882</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1348666</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2244011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1922634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3046530</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-24-002150.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114162903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-24-002150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LFTD PARTNERS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001391135
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				870479286
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52520
		FILM NUMBER:		241463049

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14155 PINE ISLAND DRIVE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32224
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-915-2446

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14155 PINE ISLAND DRIVE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32224

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACQUIRED SALES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acquired Sales CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-24-002150.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 lsfp_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

lsfp_10q.htm 
 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Act: None Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS As of November 14, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. LFTD Partners Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets, September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (Audited) F-1 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F-2 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F-4 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) F-5 Item 2. Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 4 Item 3. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 12 Item 4. Controls And Procedures 12 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 15 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 16 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 16 Item 5. Other Information 16 Item 6. Exhibits 17 Signatures 18 2 Use of Names In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our, Company, Corporation or LFTD Partners refer to LFTD Partners Inc. together with its wholly owned subsidiary Lifted Liquids, Inc d/b/a Lifted Made Lifted and d/b/a Urb Finest Flowers Urb ). Currency Unless otherwise indicated, all references to in this document refer to United States dollars. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements that are considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations and forecasts of future events. All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding the Company s future financial position, performance, operations, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, capital spending, sources of liquidity and financing sources, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Company s current plans, and the Company s actual future activities and results of operations may be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include the Risk Factors included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Risk factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may turn out to be inaccurate. The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. The forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring after the date hereof. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 29, 2024. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Certain information included herein contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity and financing sources. Such forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include the Risk Factors included herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, that can be read at www.sec.gov. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this document, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to any forward-looking statements. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make in our reports to the SEC. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this document. None of the statements contained herein have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, and none of the products manufactured or sold by the Company are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. 3 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 (Audited) ASSETS Current Assets Cash and Cash Equivalents Prepaid Expenses Accounts Receivable, net of allowance of in 2024 and in 2023 Inventory Income Tax Receivable Current Portion of Settlement Asset and Receivables Other Current Assets Total Current Assets Restricted Cash Goodwill Investment in Ablis Investment in Bendistillery and Bend Spirits Net Deferred Tax Asset Fixed Assets, less accumulated depreciation of in 2024 and in 2023 Security and State Licensing Deposits and Bonds Operating Lease Right-of-Use Asset, net of Right-of-Use Asset Amortization of in 2024 and in 2023 Non-Current Portion of Settlement Asset and Receivables Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Operating Lease Liability Deferred Revenue Minimum Earnout Consideration pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement in cash, and in the form of shares of common stock valued at per share) Collab Commissions and Royalties Payable Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Accounts Payable - Related Party Preferred Stock Dividends Payable Notes Payable to Surety Bank Interest Payable to Surety Bank Total Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities Operating Lease Liability Net Deferred Tax Liability Notes Payable to Surety Bank Total Non-Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders' Equity Preferred Stock, par value; total shares authorized; out of which two Series of Preferred Stock are authorized and outstanding, as follows: Series A Convertible Preferred Stock: shares authorized, and: shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock: shares authorized, and: shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, and: shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 Additional Paid-in Capital 142,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock issuable upon instruction by the respective Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. F-1 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Sales Cost of Goods Sold Gross Profit Operating Expenses Payroll Expenses Deferred Contingent Stock Expense Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool Professional Fees Bank Charges and Merchant Fees Advertising and Marketing Bad Debt Expense/(Income) Depreciation and Amortization Collab Commission and Royalty Expense Other Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Income/(Loss) From Operations Other Income/(Expenses) Gain on Lease Modification Interest Income Interest Expense Dividend Income Settlement Income Debt Financing Expenses Penalties Gain/(Loss) on Disposal of Fixed Assets Loss on Jeeter Collab Loss on Deposits Total Other Expenses Income/(Loss) Before Provision for Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to LFTD Partners Inc. common stockholders Basic Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Diluted Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) (UNAUDITED) Additional Deferred Contingent Stock Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in to be Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Issued Deficit Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 Issuance of 410,000 of the total 645,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock related to the acquisition of Lifted, of which shares began being issued on February 24, 2023 upon direction by the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Net Loss Balance, March 31, 2023 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Payment of the first installment of Merger Consideration (the issuance of 100 shares of common stock) pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement, on April 28, 2023 0.10 208.90 Net Income Balance, June 30, 2023 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Conversion of 2,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by a non-affiliate into 200,000 shares of common stock, on August 4, 2023 Issuance of 93,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock related to the acquisition of Lifted, of which shares began being issued on February 24, 2023 upon direction by the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipient Net Income Balance, September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2023 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Net Loss Balance, March 31, 2024 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Common stock buybacks and immediate cancellations between April 2, 2024 and April 9, 2024 Payment of the stock component of the second installment of Merger Consideration (the issuance of 160,000 shares of common stock) pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement, on May 13, 2024 Net Loss Balance, June 30, 2024 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Excise taxes payable on common stock buybacks Net Loss Balance, September 30, 2024 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net Income/(Loss) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income/(Loss) to Net Cash Provided by/(Used in) Operating Activities Deferred Contingent Stock Compensation Expense Bad Debt Expense Depreciation and Amortization Settlement Income Debt Financing Expenses Gain on Lease Modification Loss on Disposal of Fixed Assets Loss on Jeeter Collab Loss on Deposits Spoiled and Written Off Inventory Sales Allowance Deferred Income Taxes Effect on Cash of Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities Accounts Receivable Prepaid Expenses Income Tax Receivable and Payable, net Inventory Other Current Assets Collab Commissions and Royalties Payable Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Accounts Payable and Interest Payable to Related Parties Change in Settlement Asset and Receivables Change in Right Of Use Asset Change in Finance and Operating Lease Liabilities Deferred Revenue Net Cash Provided by/(Used in) Operating Activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Net Cash Paid as Part of the Oculus Transaction Purchases of Fixed Assets Proceeds from Disposal of Fixed Assets Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities Payments on Surety Bank Loans Payments of Dividends to Preferred Stockholders Purchase of Shares of Common Stock Payments on Finance Lease Liability Other Financing Activities Net Cash Used In Financing Activities Net Decrease in Cash Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Period For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash Paid For Interest Cash Paid For Income Taxes Non-Cash Activities Right-of-Use assets acquired from inception of Operating Leases Issuance of stock component of the second installment of Merger Consideration (the issuance of 160,000 shares of common stock) pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement, on May 13, 2024 Conversion of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock to Common Stock Reconciliation of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) of the ownership interests in one Canna-Infused Products Company called Lifted Liquids, Inc. d/b/a Lifted Made and d/b/a Urb Finest Flowers (www.urb.shop), Kenosha, Wisconsin Lifted Made or Lifted ). Lifted primarily manufactures and sells hemp-derived and psychoactive products under its award-winning Urb Finest Flowers Urb brand. Products currently sold by Lifted under its Urb brand include, for example: vapes and cartridges, gummies, joints and blunts. In the latter half of the second quarter of 2024, Lifted launched Mielos, a new brand of health and wellness products that do not contain hemp derivatives. In the third quarter of 2024, Lifted launched a new brand called Rebel Energy Gummy, which does not contain hemp-derivatives. Lifted is the worldwide, exclusive manufacturer and seller of Diamond Supply Co. (www.DiamondSupplyCo.com) and Cali Sweets hemp-derived products. Lifted is also the exclusive manufacturer and seller in the USA of hemp-derived products for a subsidiary of a large, publicly traded US marijuana company. Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits On April 30, 2019, we also closed on the acquisition of of the common stock of each of CBD-infused beverages maker Ablis Holding Company Ablis (www.Ablis.shop), and of distilled spirits manufacturers Bendistillery Inc. d/b/a Crater Lake Spirits Bendistillery (www.CraterLakeSpirits.com) and Bend Spirits, Inc. Bend Spirits ), all located in Bend, Oregon. Ablis manufactures and sells flavored, lightly carbonated canned beverages, including functails a term coined by Ablis which means a beverage crafted with hemp-derived THC and/or CBD, and other high-quality functional ingredients such as caffeine from guarana, L-theanine and ashwagandha. Ablis also sells CBD-infused muscle rub, among other products. Bendistillery manufactures and sells straight and flavored vodka and gin and various types of whiskey under its brand Crater Lake Spirits. F-5 Table of Contents from Surety Bank, of DeLand, Florida Lender ). of Lifted s main operations building located at 5511 95th Avenue, Kenosha, Wisconsin 5511 Building ). The two loans are cross collateralized by a first lien mortgage on the 5511 Building, and by a first lien security interest in all of the other assets owned by LIFD and Lifted, in favor of Surety Bank. Purchase of the 5511 Building Toward the end of 2020, our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Nicholas S. Warrender NWarrender ), through his assigned entity 95th Holdings, LLC Holdings ), purchased the 5511 Building, which was immediately leased to us to conduct our expanded operations. The 5511 Building includes office, laboratory and warehouse space. As part of the lease agreement with Holdings, the parties agreed that our wholly owned subsidiary Lifted would eventually purchase the 5511 Building. The purchase price for the 5511 Building was originally subject to valuation based on a formula agreed upon by the parties. Pursuant to an agreement with NWarrender on December 30, 2021, the parties agreed to set the purchase price for the 5511 Building at . Prior to the Acceleration Agreement, which was entered into by the Company with NWarrender on July 5, 2022, Lifted had an obligation to complete the purchase of the 5511 Building on or before December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Acceleration Agreement, the deadline to purchase the 5511 Building was extended by one year to December 31, 2023. Lifted purchased the 5511 Building from Holdings on December 14, 2023 for the agreed upon purchase price of in cash. Improvements to and Potential Expansion of the 5511 Building Due to an extreme need for additional employee parking at the 5511 Building, the Company in the fourth quarter of 2022 built a parking lot at the 5511 Building for , which is accounted for as a building improvement (a capitalized fixed asset). that Lifted had committed to pay for, and did pay for, the 5511 Building on December 14, 2023. The Company desires to have all of its operations under one roof at the 5511 Building in order to become more efficient. The Company has hired and paid an architectural and construction company (the Construction Company which has created a preliminary design for expanding the 5511 Building by approximately 30,000 square feet. The Construction Company has provided a preliminary estimate that the potential expansion could cost the Company approximately . Neither the management nor the Board of Directors of the Company has committed to such potential expansion, but it is under consideration. 3,000,000 Working Capital Loan Credit Agreement Pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of December 14, 2023 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower and the Lender, the Lender agreed to loan to the Borrower Working Capital Loan ). The interest rate for the Working Capital Loan is a fixed annual interest rate of . The Credit Agreement requires a Promissory Note and Security Agreement. The Credit Agreement requires a prepayment fee if the . F-6 Table of Contents . . The WC Note has cross-default cross-collateralized provisions with the Business Loan described below. Security Agreement Pursuant to a Security Agreement dated as of December 14, 2023 Security Agreement ), the Borrower granted to the Lender a security interest in all the Borrower s personal property relating to its business to secure the obligations of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement. The collateral that is secured by the Security Agreement includes all the Borrower s accounts, general intangibles, inventory, equipment, goods, deposit accounts, contractual rights, fixtures, money, insurance and commercial tort claims. If an event of default under the Credit Agreement occurs, then the Lender may exercise the Borrower s rights in the collateral. In that event, the Lender will have all the rights of a secured party with respect to the collateral under the Uniform Commercial Code, including, among other things, the right to sell the collateral at public or private sale. Collateral Assignment Agreement Under the Collateral Assignment Agreement dated as of December 14, 2023, between the Borrower and the Lender, the Borrower assigned to the Lender, in connection with the terms of the Credit Agreement, all of Borrower s intellectual property , including but not limited to, all patents, patent rights, trademarks and service marks, works, inventions, copyrights, trade names, software and computer programs, trade secrets, methods, processes, know how, drawings, and specifications. In the event of default under the Credit Agreement or WC Note, or other cross collateralized obligations, the Lender would be entitled to the foregoing intellectual property collateral to the detriment of the Borrower. Pledge Agreement Under the Pledge Agreement dated as of December 14, 2023, between the Borrower and the Lender, the Borrower, in connection with the terms of the Credit Agreement, pledges all equity holdings in Lifted, Bendistillery Inc., Bend Spirits, Inc., and Ablis Holding Company. In the event of default under the Credit Agreement or WC Note, or other cross collateralized obligations, the Lender would be entitled to the foregoing equity collateral to the detriment of the Borrower. F-7 Table of Contents (the Business Loan to the Borrower. The Business Loan requires that Borrower shall maintain a minimum 1.50x Debt Service Coverage Ratio DSCR based on Borrower tax returns. The DSCR shall be tested annually, beginning with the 2023 return. The DSCR shall be calculated as EBIDA (earnings before interest, depreciation, and amortization) divided by contractual annual debt service payments. The Business Loan also requires Borrower to maintain its primary operating accounts with a 1,000,000 minimum deposit account balance with the Lender for the life of the Business Loan. The Business Loan also requires a Promissory Note, Mortgage and Assignment of Rents, Leases, and Security Deposits described below. Promissory Note Pursuant to the Promissory Note dated as of December 14, 2023 (the BL Note ), among the Borrower and the Lender, the Lender agreed to loan to the Borrower the Business Loan at a fixed annual interest rate of . . The BL Note requires a mortgage on the 5511 Building, along with a first priority security interest on: all furniture, equipment, inventory, and general intangibles (including but not limited to all software and all payment intangibles); all fixtures; and all attachments, accessions, accessories, fittings, increases, tools, parts, repairs, supplies, and commingled goods. Mortgage Pursuant to the Mortgage dated as of December 14, 2023 (the Mortgage ), among Lifted in favor of the Lender, in connection with the terms of the Loan Agreement and BL Note, Lifted agreed to a first priority mortgage on the 5511 Building (Parcel Number 08-222-32-410-104). In the event of default under the Loan Agreement or BL Note, or other cross collateralized obligations, the Lender would be entitled to the foregoing equity collateral to the detriment of the Borrower. Assignment of Rents, Leases, and Security Deposits Pursuant to the Assignment of Rents, Leases, and Security Deposits dated as of December 14, 2023 (the Lease Assignment ), among Lifted in favor of the Lender, in connection with the terms of the Loan Agreement and BL Note, Lifted agreed to assign its rights to leases and income from the 5511 Building to Lender. In the event of default under the Loan Agreement or BL Note, or other cross collateralized obligations, the Lender would be entitled to the foregoing equity collateral to the detriment of the Borrower. Default under any of the agreements described above could have a highly detrimental, if not catastrophic impact on our company. F-8 Table of Contents Real Estate Loan Total principal amount Less: Unamortized debt financing costs Less: Current portion of Surety Bank notes Non-Current portion of Surety Bank notes The following represents aggregate payments due on the Working Capital and Business Loans subsequent to September 30, 2024: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Interest portion Total principal amount Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreements During the year ended December 31, 2023, Lifted entered into Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreements with Cali Sweets, LLC Cali ), Diamond Supply Co. Diamond ), and DreamFields Brands Inc. d/b/a Jeeter Jeeter and, on or about January 23, 2024, Lifted entered into a Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreement effective as of January 20, 2024 with a wholly owned subsidiary of a large, publicly traded US marijuana company (collectively, Agreements ). The terms of these Agreements are described below. As of September 30, 2024, all of the Agreements were in effect, except for the Jeeter Agreement, which had been terminated on January 1, 2024. The aggregate net revenue related to these Agreements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was . Cali Sweets Agreement On January 11, 2023, Lifted entered into a Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreement Cali Agreement with Cali Sweets, LLC Cali ). Cali is headquartered in North Hollywood, California, and currently sells products under the brand name Koko Nuggz. The Cali Agreement entitles Lifted to be the exclusive worldwide manufacturer and distributor of Cali s disposable vape products (under the brand name Koko Puffz) and gummy products (under the brand name Koko Yummiez) Cali Products ). Pursuant to the Cali Agreement, Lifted manufactures, markets, and distributes certain Cali Products and brands worldwide. Lifted and Cali equally share certain production and marketing costs associated with such Cali Products on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Revenue from the sale of such Cali Products are divided on a 60/40 basis, net of any returns, discounts, or replacements, with 60 allocated to Lifted, and the remaining 40 to Cali. Under the terms of the Cali Agreement, Lifted has the right, in its discretion, to add new Cali brands and Cali Products as they are developed. Lifted can also set prices for Cali Products it supplies or unilaterally discontinue the supply of any Cali product if it no longer makes business sense to Lifted. The parties also agreed that Cali will provide social media marketing services for both Cali Products and brands, and for Lifted s Urb branded products. F-9 Table of Contents F-10 Table of Contents per year, then the Diamond Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one-year term. Accounting for the Diamond Agreement Regarding the accounting for the Diamond Agreement: the Company has evaluated the principal versus agent considerations in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has considered the following facts to assess whether Lifted has control of the Diamond products that are manufactured and distributed pursuant to the Diamond Agreement: Lifted is the exclusive worldwide manufacturer and distributor of the Diamond Products. To fulfill its obligations pursuant to the agreement, Lifted sources raw goods, labor, and other resources to manufacture the Diamond Products at its own facilities and holds these raw goods and Diamond Products in its facilities until the Diamond Products are sold and shipped to customers. Customers orders of Diamond Products are received through Lifted s website www.urb.shop. Customers that attempt to purchase the Diamond Products from www.diamondsupplyco.com are redirected to www.urb.shop. Lifted processes these orders, prepares the Diamond Products for shipment from Lifted s inventories, and ships the Diamond Products directly to customers. Lifted and Diamond agree upon the retail sales prices for the Diamond Products, and both Lifted and Diamond are to make good faith efforts to collect all payments in connection with each party s sales of Diamond Products to all of its customers. Based on these considerations, the Company concludes that Lifted is the principal relative to Diamond in the Diamond Agreement. Therefore, sales of Diamond Products are recognized and reported by the Company on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and once payment is collected from a customer from the sale of Diamond Products, the Royalty Payable to Diamond is reported as a current liability on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Royalty Expense is reported in the Operating Expenses section of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Jeeter Agreement On July 17, 2023, Lifted and DreamFields Brands Inc. d/b/a Jeeter Jeeter entered a Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreement dated as of July 14, 2023 (the Jeeter Agreement ). Pursuant to the Jeeter Agreement: (1) Jeeter appointed Lifted as its exclusive manufacturer, seller and distributor within the United States of vape, gummies and pre-rolled products containing hemp-derived cannabinoids sold under the Jeeter brand Jeeter Products (2) Jeeter and Lifted agreed upon the devices, formulation, design, packaging, run costs, and marketing of each of the Jeeter Products; (3) Jeeter and Lifted shared equally the costs of manufacturing, marketing, distributing and insuring the Jeeter Products Product Costs and (4) the revenue from all Product sales, minus applicable Product offsets and sales commissions Aggregate Product Revenue ), were allocated 60 to Jeeter and 40 to Lifted. The Jeeter Agreement was for an Initial Term of two years, provided that if the completed Product sales during the first year of the Initial Term were a minimum of million (the Minimum Sales ), then the Initial Term was to automatically continue until the end of the second year of the Initial Term. Jeeter and Lifted could mutually agree in writing to extend the Jeeter Agreement for Renewal Terms of at least one year each, but if not so extended then the Jeeter Agreement was to automatically terminate. F-11 Table of Contents million or more in a single month, then thereafter so long as Aggregate Product Revenue achieves million or more in each six month period, Lifted was prohibited from directly or indirectly manufacturing, marketing, distributing, promoting or selling pre-rolled joints made from hemp or cannabis in the United States (except under the Jeeter Agreement) during the remaining term of the Jeeter Agreement. Accounting for the Jeeter Agreement Regarding the accounting for the Jeeter Agreement: the Company evaluated the principal versus agent considerations in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company considered the following facts to assess whether Lifted had control of the Jeeter Products that are manufactured and distributed pursuant to the Jeeter Agreement: Lifted was the exclusive manufacturer, seller, and distributor of the applicable Jeeter branded products in the USA. To fulfill its obligations pursuant to the agreement, Lifted sourced raw goods, labor, and other resources to manufacture the Jeeter Products at its own facilities and held these raw goods and Jeeter Products in its facilities until the Jeeter Products were sold and shipped to customers. Initially, Lifted was manufacturing all of the Jeeter Products, but in the middle of Q3 2023 Jeeter also began manufacturing joints at its facility after being authorized by Lifted to do so. Nonetheless, Jeeter produced joints during Monday through Friday, and then shipped the finished joints to Lifted s headquarters in Kenosha on Saturday. Lifted controlled the Jeeter Products until they were then sold and shipped to the customers. Customers orders of Jeeter Products were received through Lifted s website www.urb.shop. Lifted processed these orders, prepared the Jeeter Products for shipment from Lifted s inventories, and shipped the Jeeter Products directly to the customers. Lifted was responsible for collecting payments from customers but did not guarantee collection, nor the timetable of such collection. Based on these considerations, the Company concluded that Lifted was the principal relative to Jeeter in the Jeeter Agreement. Therefore, sales of Jeeter Products were recognized and reported by the Company on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and once payment was collected from a customer from the sale of Jeeter Products, the Commission Payable to Jeeter was reported as a current liability on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Commission Expense was reported in the Operating Expenses section of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Termination of the Jeeter Agreement The Jeeter Agreement was terminated effective January 1, 2024 pursuant to a Termination Agreement dated as of March 22, 2024 between Jeeter and Lifted. Pursuant to such Termination Agreement, among other things: and Jeeter shall arrange and pay for the shipment from Lifted to Jeeter of certain raw goods and finished goods associated with Jeeter branded products that are in Lifted's possession on the date of the signing of such Termination Agreement. As a result of the termination, Lifted transferred raw goods and finished goods inventories totaling to Jeeter and recorded a loss on Jeeter collab in the Consolidated Statement of Operations of for the three months ended March 31, 2024. F-12 Table of Contents of the amount, if any, by which Lifted s share of the Aggregate Product Revenue under the Jeeter Agreement exceeds Lifted s share of the Product Costs under the Jeeter Agreement. Lifted Purchase of Assets of Oculus CRS, LLC, and Merger With Oculus CHS Management Corp. Asset Purchase Agreement On April 28, 2023, Lifted purchased nearly all of the assets (the Purchased Assets of its hemp flower products supplier Oculus CRS, LLC, Aztec, New Mexico Oculus for , net of cash acquired. The Purchased Assets included, but were not limited to, Oculus operational equipment, office equipment, raw materials, inventory, cash on hand, accounts receivable, and a contract (the Machine Purchase Contract to purchase, for a total of (the Machine Purchase Price ), a new machine that was ready for delivery, and that when delivered and installed was expected to be used to automate a substantial portion of the manufacturing of the hemp flower products. of the Machine Purchase Price had already been paid by Oculus, leaving as the remaining portion of the Machine Purchase Price (the Machine Purchase Final Payment ). The gross Purchase Price of purchase was paid by Lifted using cash on hand. At the closing, Oculus applied the entire Purchase Price to pay off all of Oculus liabilities as of the closing date (the Oculus Liabilities ), including the Machine Purchase Final Payment. The only asset of Oculus that was not included in the Purchased Assets was Oculus rights as the plaintiff in a pending lawsuit filed by Oculus against a particular customer for an alleged breach of contract. Agreement and Plan of Merger Simultaneously with Lifted s purchase of the Purchased Assets, Lifted executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger Oculus Merger Agreement with Oculus CHS Management Corp. (the Management Corp. ), pursuant to which the Management Corp. was merged with and into Lifted, with Lifted being the surviving corporation in the merger (the Merger ). The only assets of the Management Corp. were multi-year employment contracts with the owners/managers of Oculus, Chase and Hagan Sanchez (the Employment Agreements ). The Merger consideration (the Merger Consideration was paid by Lifted to Chase and Hagan Sanchez in two installments. The first installment of the Merger Consideration was paid by Lifted to Chase and Hagan Sanchez at the closing of the Merger, and consisted of shares of unregistered common stock of LIFD. The second installment of the Merger Consideration was paid by Lifted to Chase and Hagan Sanchez following the first anniversary of the closing of the Merger, which was April 28, 2024. The second installment of the Oculus Merger Consideration was calculated and paid out as follows: (1) Lifted s CEO NWarrender, in consultation with LIFD s President and CFO WJacobs, analyzed and made a written determination (the Determination of the incremental pre-tax cash flow that NWarrender estimated that the hemp flower products division had generated for Lifted above and beyond the annual profits that previously had been generated for Lifted due to Lifted s former business relationship with Oculus (the Incremental Pre-Tax Profits ), after taking into account all relevant financial factors including but not limited to the purchase price of the Purchased Assets, the Merger Consideration, and all items of income, expense and investment directly and indirectly associated with Lifted s hemp flower products division, which Determination will be final and legally binding on all of the parties; and (2) Within five days following delivery of the Determination, Lifted paid Chase and Hagan Sanchez a second installment of Merger Consideration equal to five times the Incremental Pre-Tax Profits, provided that (a) 20 of such second installment of Merger Consideration was to be paid in the form of cash, (b) 80 of such second installment of Merger Consideration was to be paid in the form of unregistered shares of common stock of LIFD, which unregistered shares of common stock of LIFD was to be valued at 5 per share regardless of whether LIFD s common stock is then trading at a price that is lower or higher than 5 per share, and (c) such second installment of Merger Consideration was subject to a minimum value of 1 million dollars Minimum Earnout Consideration and a maximum value of 6 million dollars (with the stock portion of the second installment of Merger Consideration having been valued at 5 per share under all circumstances). F-13 Table of Contents in cash; and (2) One Hundred Sixty Thousand ) newly issued shares of unregistered LIFD Common Stock. On May 13, 2024, the cash component of the second installment of Merger Consideration was paid, and the stock component of the second installment of Merger Consideration was issued. Accounting for Lifted s Purchase of Assets of Oculus CRS, LLC, and Merger With Oculus CHS Management Corp. Consideration Paid Pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement First Installment of Merger Consideration 100 shares of common stock of LIFD issued at the closing of the Merger to Chase and Hagan Sanchez Second Installment of Merger Consideration Value of Minimum Earnout Consideration to be paid in cash Value of Minimum Earnout Consideration to be paid in shares of common stock of LIFD (160,000 shares of common stock valued at 5.00 per share) Total Consideration Assets Acquired: Cash Accounts receivable Inventory Fixed Assets Security and Utility Deposits Goodwill Total Assets Acquired Total Liabilities Assumed Net Assets Acquired Employment Agreements Pursuant to the terms of the Oculus Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, all of the Management Corp. s rights and obligations under the Employment Agreements have been assumed by Lifted. Chase and Hagan Sanchez are the Vice President of Flower and General Manager of Flower of Lifted, respectively, and continue to manage the hemp flower products division within Lifted in Durango, CO, reporting to NWarrender. Pursuant to Chase Sanchez s employment agreement, his salary is per year. Hagan Sanchez s salary is per year. Both agreements are subject to termination with or without cause, non-solicitation, non-competition and non-disclosure clauses. F-14 Table of Contents , pursuant to written instructions to Lifted from Chase and Hagan Sanchez. Lease of Space Located at 16178 US Hwy 550, Aztec, New Mexico Pursuant to the terms of the Oculus Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, Lifted assumed Oculus lease of office and operational space at 16178 US Hwy 550, Aztec, New Mexico (the Aztec Lease ). and adjacent fenced parking area. The term of the Aztec Lease was one year, commencing on December 1, 2022 and ending on November 30, 2023, continuing month-to-month thereafter until terminated. The base lease payment was per month. All monthly payments were due and payable in advance on the first day of each month. Lifted was also required to pay taxes, insurance and certain maintenance costs of the Aztec Lease. The Aztec Lease was accounted for as an operating lease. The Aztec Lease was terminated on May 7, 2024. Lease of Space Located at 789 Tech Center Drive, Unit C, Durango, Colorado 81301 On February 27, 2024, Lifted entered into a lease agreement with CR Properties, LLC, CR for office, manufacturing and warehouse space located at 789 Tech Center Drive, Unit C, Durango, Colorado 81301 (the 789 Tech Lease ). The initial term of the 789 Tech Lease commenced on March 1, 2024, and will end on February 28, 2025 Initial Term ). After the Initial Term, Lifted and CR may renegotiate the lease. Under the terms of the 789 Tech Lease, Lifted leases a total of approximately 2,205 square feet of space. . In addition to the base monthly rent, Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. Since the Initial Term is twelve months, this lease is not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Extrax NM Agreement On June 1, 2023, Lifted and Extrax NM, LLC ENM entered into an Agreement (the ENM Agreement ). Pursuant to the ENM Agreement, (1) Lifted will sell certain devices/objects to ENM, and Lifted will loan certain amounts to ENM, and (2) ENM will manufacture and exclusively sell Urb-branded marijuana products to licensed marijuana dispensaries located in New Mexico. ENM shall pay over to Lifted one-half of the gross sales proceeds, excluding only governmentally-imposed taxes, received by ENM from product sales, which payments shall be allocated and applied as follows: firstly, to repay Lifted for its loans to ENM; secondly, to pay to Lifted mutually agreed upon amounts for said devices/objects sold by Lifted to ENM; and thirdly, to pay to Lifted a license fee. The ENM Agreement is for an Initial Term of 60 months, provided that if the aggregate product sales during the Initial Term are or more, then the term of the ENM agreement will automatically renew for a Renewal Term of 60 months (and similarly in regard to Renewal Terms). Lifted and ENM each shall have the right to terminate the ENM Agreement in specified circumstances, including in the event that its CEO determines in good faith, and provides evidence to other party proving, that the business being conducted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ENM Agreement is no longer profitable for such company. F-15 Table of Contents F-16 Table of Contents Marketing Under the terms of the Agreement, the other party shall be primarily responsible for marketing the Products and shall pay the costs of such marketing. Lifted shall reasonably cooperate in advertising and marketing programs for the Products and shall reasonably cooperate in implementing sales, promotional and merchandising programs for the Products. All promotional discounts shall be subject to the mutual agreement of the Parties. Quality Under the terms of the Agreement, Lifted is required to use its best efforts to source materials for production of the Products at the lowest cost, provided such Products shall conform to quality standards consistent with industry standards for such products. Lifted is required to ensure the Products fall within certain predefined limits of heavy metals, microbial impurities, mycotoxins, residual pesticides, residual solvents and processing chemicals, as well as additional quality standards communicated to Lifted. Any Products failing such quality standards may be rejected. Lifted is also required to manufacture the Products and be responsible for all safety testing and approvals in conformity with the standards and legal requirements applicable to the manufacturing, distribution and sale of any Products and ensuring that all governmentally required reporting (including but not limited to PACT Act reporting) is accurately and timely made, and that all applicable excise taxes and sales taxes (collectively, Excise and Sales Taxes are paid. In the event of any defects in the Products, Lifted shall, at its sole cost and expense, either (i) refund the cost of such Product or (ii) replace the Product, such election to be at the other party s sole discretion. Under the terms of the Agreement, all elements of the design, manufacturing, quality, advertising and promotion of the Products shall be mutually agreed upon and approved by the Parties, and Lifted shall submit to the other for approval: (i) any relevant schematic designs, (ii) pre-production samples, (iii) production samples, and (iv) such other specific items as are requested by the other party in its reasonable discretion from time to time for approval, and at all times prior to production and prior to being offered for sale. Products not approved by both Parties to the Agreement shall not go on to the next stage of production and shall not be offered for sale or sold by Lifted. Prices Under the terms of the Agreement, the Parties have agreed to work together in good faith to determine the sales prices to Customers for the Products and such prices shall be subject to the Parties mutual agreement. The Parties have agreed to work together to enact lawful and appropriate pricing strategies, including MSRP and maximum sale prices. Lifted shall make good faith efforts to collect all payments in connection with sales of all Products. Customers Under the terms of the Agreement, the Parties have agreed to work together in good faith to determine the Customers to which Lifted is selling the Products, subject to Lifted s reasonable discretion, provided that the Parties shall regularly evaluate sales targets, accounts receivable, bad debt, and other reasonable factors to determine which Customers to direct Product to, and the other party shall have the right, in its reasonable discretion, to reject and direct Lifted to stop selling to a Customer in the event it deems necessary upon advanced notice to Lifted. F-17 Table of Contents F-18 Table of Contents . Termination At any time during the Term of the Agreement, either party has the option, but not the obligation, to terminate this Agreement at any time, effective upon written notice, in the event the other Party has defaulted on any of its obligations under this Agreement and such default is not cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice specifying the default. Accounting for the Agreement Regarding the accounting for the Agreement: the Company has evaluated the principal versus agent considerations in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Management has considered the following facts to assess Lifted s position relative to the other party under the Agreement: An entity is a principal and therefore records revenue on a gross basis if it controls a promised good or service before transferring that good or service to the customer. An entity is an agent and records as revenue the net amount it retains for its agency services if its role is to arrange for another entity to provide the goods or services. Management has considered the following facts to assess whether Lifted has control of the Products that are manufactured and distributed pursuant to the Agreement: Lifted is the exclusive nationwide manufacturer and distributor of the Products. To fulfill its obligations pursuant to the Agreement, Lifted sources raw goods, labor, and other resources to manufacture the Products at Lifted s facilities and holds the Products in its facilities until the Products are sold and shipped to customers. Customers orders of Products are received through Lifted s website www.urb.shop. Lifted processes these orders, prepares the Products for shipment from Lifted s warehouse, and ships the Products directly to the customers. Lifted is responsible for the collection of payments from customers, and is responsible for paying the other party 10 of any accounts receivable that are past due by more than 90 days. Lifted does not include in its inventory the value of the Products, because the other party pays for 100 of the costs of the Products. The Company concludes that Lifted is the principal relative to the other party in the Agreement. F-19 Table of Contents . Deposits with these banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits; however, these deposits typically may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, bear minimal risk. F-20 Table of Contents minimum deposit balance with the bank for the life of the Business Loan, which matures on December 14, 2028 (the Minimum Deposit Balance ). Failure to maintain the Minimum Deposit Balance constitutes an event of default under the Business Loan Agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company recognized , respectively, of its deposit account balance with Surety Bank as restricted cash, which is classified as a non-current asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accounting for Investments of the equity ownership of each of these entities and has no substantial influence over the management of the businesses. In accordance with US GAAP, the Company does not consolidate its financial statements with those of Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. At each reporting period, the Company makes a qualitative assessment considering impairment indicators to evaluate whether its investments are impaired. Factors that the Company would consider indicators of impairment include: (1) a significant deterioration in the earnings performance, credit rating, asset quality, or business prospects of the investee, (2) a significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the investee, (3) a significant adverse change in the general market condition of either the geographical area or the industry in which the investee operates, (4) a bona fide offer to purchase, an offer by the investee to sell, or a completed auction process for the same or similar investment for an amount less than the carrying amount of that investment, and (5) factors that raise significant concerns about the investee s ability to continue as a going concern, such as negative cash flows from operations, working capital deficiencies, or noncompliance with statutory capital requirements or debt covenants, if any. The qualitative assessments at the end of first, second and third quarters are done via conference calls with the management teams of Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. The qualitative assessment at the end of the fourth quarter relating to these entities also includes review of their respective financial statements that have been reviewed by a third-party accounting firm. At that time, the Company performs an annual impairment assessment. The reviewed financial statements of these companies are not audited, and the Company is not active in the management of these companies, and except for these companies quarterly meetings with the management of the Company, the Company s assessment of these companies is inherently limited to infrequent and relatively brief conversations with officers of these companies and to reviews of those reviewed financial statements. F-21 Table of Contents , as an asset at historical cost. Under the equity method, the investment s value was periodically adjusted to reflect the changes in value due to Lifted s share in SmplyLifted s income or losses. , net of allowance for doubtful accounts, were reported. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, accounts receivable of , net of allowance for doubtful accounts, were reported. The Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. Management of the Company reviews and discusses all outstanding customer trade balances as of reporting period end. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded (the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts ), which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. Management also considers industry-specific factors which may impact customers ability to meet their financial obligations to the Company. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts, management takes into consideration Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, which is codified as Accounting Standards Codification Topic 326, adds to US GAAP the current expected credit loss model CECL Model ), which is a measurement model based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the CECL Model, an entity recognizes its estimate of expected losses as an allowance. The Company has considered the applicable guidance in ASU 2016-13. Key aspects of the CECL Model include the following: 1. The CECL Model applies to financing receivables measured at amortized cost, which includes trade accounts receivable. 2. An entity will recognize an allowance for credit losses that results in the financial statements reflecting the net amount expected to be collected from the financial asset. 3. The allowance represents the portion of the amortized cost basis that an entity does not expect to collect due to credit over the asset s contractual life, considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. In performing its CECL Model Analysis, management calculates the ratio of write offs to sales made to wholesalers and distributors for the trailing three-year period (the Bad Debt Loss Rate ). The Bad Debt Loss Rate is then multiplied by sales made to wholesalers and distributors during the trailing twelve months (the Bad Debt Calc ). The Bad Debt Calc is compared to the total accounts receivable that is older than 90 days as of reported period end; for conservatism, whichever is larger is considered the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts as of reported period end. The Company s position is that the Company s conservative approach toward the treatment of Allowance for Doubtful Accounts provides sufficient coverage in relation to potential credit losses from outstanding invoice write-offs. As of September 30, 2024, the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts is , which is the total of the invoices older than 90 days as of September 30, 2024, because this figure is larger than the Bad Debt Calc. Management believes that Lifted s Allowance for Doubtful Accounts has been conservatively analyzed and prepared and is appropriate as of reporting period end. F-22 Table of Contents Finished Goods Total Inventory The process of determining obsolete or spoiled inventory involves: 1) Identifying raw goods that will no longer be used in the manufacture of finished goods; 2) Identifying expired raw goods; 3) Identifying finished goods that will no longer be sold or that are slow moving; 4) Identifying finished goods that are expired; and 5) Valuing and expensing raw and finished goods that will no longer be sold. Monthly overhead costs such as payments for rent, utilities, insurance, and indirect labor are allocated to finished goods based on the estimated percentage cost toward the finished goods. Depreciation expense related to certain machinery and equipment is also allocated to finished goods. As of September 30, 2024, of overhead costs incurred during the third quarter of 2024 were allocated to finished goods. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, of overhead costs incurred during the fourth quarter were allocated to finished goods. On December 30, 2022, . The agreement is a result of the vape manufacturer agreeing to share a portion of the Company s prior write-off of certain 2 mL disposable vapes that were written off due to clogging issues. The payable forgiveness resulted in a net improvement to the cost of goods sold and accrued liabilities sections of the Company s consolidated statements of operations as of December 30, 2022. The in credits had been booked as an asset as of December 30, 2022 and recognized as other income amortized quarterly at the rate of per quarter beginning with the first quarter of 2023 and continuing for the next six consecutive quarters, with a final quarterly credit of for the fourth quarter of 2024. However, . Based on another . F-23 Table of Contents are expensed, and fixed assets that cost or more are capitalized. Depreciation of machinery and equipment, furniture and fixtures, leasehold improvements, and computer equipment, is based on the asset s estimated useful life and is calculated using the straight-line method. Normal repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures that materially increase values or extend useful lives are capitalized. The related costs and accumulated depreciation of disposed assets are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss on disposition is included in net income. Management regularly reviews property and equipment and other long-lived assets for possible impairment. This review occurs annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment, management then prepares an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The fair value is estimated using the present value of the future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with management s estimates of the business risks. Preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on management s best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Long-lived assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. F-24 Table of Contents and were reported at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management believes that an adequate allowance for sales has been made as of period end. Disaggregation of Revenue The Company has considered providing disaggregation of revenue by information regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker for evaluating the financial performance of operating segments, such as type of good, geographical region, market or type of customer, type of contract, contract duration, timing of transfer of goods, and sales channels. Due to the rapidly evolving nature of our industry, the Company is constantly launching new products to stay ahead of trends, finding new sales channels, initiating new distribution networks and modifying the prices of its products. Shown below are tables showing the approximate disaggregation of historical revenue: Net sales of products to private label clients Net sales of products to wholesalers Net sales of products to distributors Net sales of products to end consumers Net Sales Edibles Flower Cartridges Apparel and Accessories Net Sales F-25 Table of Contents Net sales of non-hemp products Net Sales Outside of USA Net Sales Deferred Revenue , all of which is expected to be recognized as revenue in 2024. At December 31, 2023, total deferred revenue was , all of which was recognized as revenue in 2024. The table shown below represents the composition of deferred revenue between contract assets (invoiced but unfulfilled performance obligations) and deposits from customers from unfulfilled orders as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Deposits from customers for unfulfilled orders Total Deferred Revenue and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively, of obsolete and spoiled inventory was written off. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, and of obsolete and spoiled inventory was written off, respectively. F-26 Table of Contents for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, up from during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The primary driver for this increase in operating expenses was of bad debt expense, which stems from the Company s CECL Model analysis, which is described above, in the Accounts Receivable section . Total operating expenses decreased to for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, down from during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The primary driver for this decrease in operating expenses was that during the first quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a net loss after ten straight quarters of profitability, solely because of the impact of a one-time, non-cash stock compensation expense of , which, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was on an after-tax basis. At the closing of the acquisition of Lifted in February 2020, shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Company (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients ), as an employee retention incentive. Now that certain conditions and requirements have been met, the Deferred Contingent Stock vested on February 24, 2023, and on this date, in accordance with US GAAP, the Company expensed the value of the vested Deferred Contingent Stock. This . But for this charge, our Company would have reported a basic and fully diluted EPS of and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported bad debt expense of , compared to bad debt expense of during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As described below in ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS, the delay in Lifted s receipt of payments from certain customers primarily distributors have increasingly become an issue for Lifted. Certain customers have become slower to pay Lifted for purchased product Slow Paying Customers ), and the Slow Paying Customers disregard payment terms. Management speculates that some Slow Paying Customers may be slow-paying Lifted because of their own sales collection issues, which may in part be caused by the regulatory uncertainty over our industry. As described above in the Accounts Receivable section under NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES , the Company has an accounting protocol which effectively causes the Company to recognize an allowance for doubtful accounts for all invoices older than 90 days. Consequently, the delay in Lifted s receipt of payments from certain customers has a direct impact on the Company s net receivables, net income, and earnings per share. Net Income/(Loss) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Basic Diluted Diluted Basic Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Basic Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Diluted Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Diluted Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share F-27 Table of Contents shares of common stock at per share, (b) rights to purchase warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share, and (c) warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share, all of which are vested. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into shares of common stock; these are not included in the diluted earnings calculation because the exercise price 1.00/share) was higher than the stock closing price at September 30, 2024 0.30/share). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into shares of common stock; these are not included in the diluted earnings calculation because . There were also shares of issuable Deferred Contingent Stock included in the September 30, 2024 diluted EPS calculation. As of September 30, 2023, in addition to our outstanding common stock, we had issued (a) options to purchase shares of common stock at per share, (b) warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share, (c) rights to purchase warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share, and (d) warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share, all of which are vested. At September 30, 2023, the Company had 2,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into 250,000 shares of common stock; these are included in the diluted earnings calculation. At September 30, 2023, the Company had 40,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into 40,000 shares of common stock; these are not included in the diluted earnings calculation because the . There were also shares of issuable Deferred Contingent Stock included in the September 30, 2023 diluted EPS calculation. Also included in the September 30, 2023 diluted EPS calculation was the minimum number of shares of common stock (160,000) that would eventually be issued pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement. Stock Buyback Transactions and Cancellations On April 2, 2024, LFTD Partners signed a Stock Buyback Agreement to purchase shares of common stock of the Company from a Lifted employee for per share, for a total purchase price of . On April 3, 2024, all such shares were purchased by the Company and immediately cancelled. On April 8, 2024, LFTD Partners signed a Stock Buyback Agreement to purchase shares of common stock of the Company from a Lifted employee for per share, for a total purchase price of . On April 10, 2024, all such shares were purchased by the Company and immediately cancelled. On April 9, 2024, LFTD Partners signed a Stock Buyback Agreement to purchase shares of common stock of the Company from a Lifted employee for per share, for a total purchase price of . On April 10, 2024, all such shares were purchased and immediately cancelled. F-28 Table of Contents and of advertising and marketing expenses, respectively. In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and of advertising and marketing expenses, respectively. F-29 Table of Contents as of September 30, 2024. Bankruptcy of the Company at some point in the future is a possibility. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. If and to the extent that the revenue generated by Lifted is not adequate to pay the Company s operating expenses, the Company's financial obligations under its loan agreements with Surety Bank, and the dividends accruing on its preferred stock, then Company management plans to sustain the Company as a going concern by taking the following actions: (1) acquiring and/or developing profitable businesses that will create positive income from operations; and/or (2) completing private placements of the Company s common stock and/or preferred stock. Management believes that by taking these actions, the Company will be provided with sufficient future operations and cash flow to continue as a going concern. However, there can be no assurances or guarantees whatsoever that the Company will be successful in consummating such actions on acceptable terms, if at all. Moreover, any such actions can be expected to result in substantial dilution to the existing shareholders of the Company. The Company s investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits made the Company a minority owner of these companies. As a minority owner, the Company is not able to recognize any portion of Ablis , Bendistillery s or Bend Spirits revenues or earnings in the Company s financial statements. The Company monitors its investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, and from time to time will evaluate whether there has been a potential impairment of value. The regulatory risks and uncertainties associated with Lifted's cannabinoid-infused products, vaping and nicotine products industries, together with the other significant risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, have created significant adverse risks to the Company, which have caused substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. F-30 Table of Contents annual dividends on its outstanding Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. In addition, factors that could materially affect future operating results include, but are not limited to, changes to laws and regulations, especially any future changes to the so-called Farm Bill at the federal level, any new rule proposed by the federal Drug Enforcement Administration that might attempt to classify certain hemp-derived products as controlled substances, and any other federal or state laws and regulations related to hemp-derived cannabinoids, nicotine or tobacco products, kratom, psychoactive products and/or vaping. There is also a risk that the Company potentially might be accused of selling products containing ingredients that might be considered an analog of a controlled substance. The Company is also subject to vendor concentration risk, customer concentration risk, customer credit risk, and counterparty risk. The Company maintains levels of cash bank accounts that typically exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and it believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. No assurance or guarantee whatsoever can be given that the net income of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Lifted will be sufficient to allow the Company to pay all of its operating expenses, its financial obligations under its loan agreements with Surety Bank, the dividends accruing and being paid on the Company s preferred stock, future company-wide management bonus pool payments, and other obligations. As a result of all of the foregoing described factors, there is substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. Bankruptcy of the Company at some point in the future is a possibility. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Customer Concentration Risk During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, 23 customers made up of Lifted s sales. In comparison, during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, 15 customers made up approximately of Lifted Made s sales. Vendor Dependence Regarding the purchases of raw goods and finished goods Inventory ), during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, approximately of the Inventory that Lifted purchased was from three vendors. In comparison, during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, approximately of the Inventory that Lifted purchased were from three vendors. The loss of Lifted s relationships with these customers and vendors could have a material adverse effect on Lifted s business. of the common stock of each of Ablis Holding Company, Bendistillery Inc., and Bend Spirits, Inc. for an aggregate purchase price of . On October 18, 2024, the management of LFTD Partners had a video conference with the officers of Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. During this meeting, the management of those companies discussed the performance of Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Based upon the financial and non-financial information that was shared with LFTD Partners during that conference call, the management of LFTD Partners believes that no impairment of the value of Bendistillery, Bend Spirits or Ablis is warranted at this point in time. F-31 Table of Contents from its membership interest in SmplyLifted, and wrote down the value of its investment in SmplyLifted to . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a loss of from its membership interest in SmplyLifted. At December 31, 2021, Lifted wrote off its receivables from SmplyLifted, and its loans to SmplyLifted, which totaled . On February 9, 2022, Lifted signed an Agreement to sell its membership interest in SmplyLifted to Corner Vapory LLC, an affiliate of NWarrender, CEO of Lifted, for , plus ninety-nine percent of any and all payments and other consideration received or owed to Corner Vapory LLC in regard to SmplyLifted s existing inventory of tobacco-free nicotine pouches. Lifted had the option to re-purchase the membership interest in SmplyLifted LLC from Corner Vapory LLC for in cash at any time on or before December 31, 2032. However, Lifted never exercised this option, and SmplyLifted was dissolved on November 28, 2022, due to insolvency. Land Machinery Equipment Furniture Fixtures Computer Equipment Building Leasehold Improvements Vehicles Trade Show Booths Sub-total: Less: accumulated depreciation The useful lives of the Company s property and equipment by asset class are as follows: years Land Machinery Equipment months Building Improvements months Leasehold Improvements Trade Show Booths months Vehicles months Computer Equipment months Furniture Fixtures months In the Consolidated Statements of Operations, depreciation expense is consolidated with amortization expense. After allocating depreciation of machinery and equipment, and 5511 Building depreciation, of and , respectively, as overhead to finished goods, depreciation expense of and , respectively, was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. F-32 Table of Contents and , respectively, as overhead to finished goods, depreciation expense of and , respectively, was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. , and is secured by a Security Agreement of even date therewith (the Security Agreement ). The Note provides that the 1,500,000 loan may be advanced in one or more installments as the Foundation and the Company may mutually agree upon. The Foundation and the Company mutually agreed that the first installment of this loan would be . Pursuant to instructions from the Foundation, on July 14, 2014, the Company paid owed by the Foundation to one of its consultants, and the Company advanced directly to the Foundation. The amount and timing of subsequent loan installments under the Note, which could have totaled , had not yet been mutually agreed upon between the Foundation and the Company as of the date of the Note. Between April and July 2015, the Company loaned an additional to the Foundation, evidenced by the Note and secured by the Security Agreement. Following such additional loans, the principal of the loan from the Company to the Foundation, evidenced by the Note and secured by the Security Agreement, is now . The principal balance outstanding under the Note bore interest at the rate of per annum, compounded monthly. It was contemplated that the first payment of accrued interest by the Foundation under the Note would be made as soon after the Foundation commences operations of the Plymouth Cultivation Facility and the Dennis Dispensary as the Foundation s cash flows shall reasonably permit, but in any event no later than one year after the Foundation commences operations. The principal of the Note would be payable in eight consecutive equal quarterly installments, commencing on the last day of the calendar quarter in which the Foundation commences operations. Principal on the Note and related accrued interest would be considered past due if the aforementioned payments were not received by their due dates. Uncollectable Note and Interest Receivable The Company assessed the collectability of the Note based on the adequacy of the Foundation s collateral and the Foundation s capability of repaying the Note according to its terms. Based on this assessment, on September 1, 2015, the Company concluded that the Note and interest receivable would not be collectible. As such, the Company wrote off the Note totaling and interest receivable totaling as bad debt expense on September 1, 2015. F-33 Table of Contents months, and the website intangible asset was fully amortized as of December 31, 2022. per month, plus supplemental lease related charges such as real estate taxes and common expenses of the property that were commercially typical costs. The sublease was retroactively effective as of June 1, 2022 and for a five-month term that ended on October 31, 2022. Thereafter, until it was terminated, the sublease operated on a month-to-month basis. The purpose of the sublease was to make available office space for the members of Lifted s sales team who live in Chicago. These salespeople were spending significant time in their cars commuting from Chicago to Kenosha. The sublessor was Lifted s former Chief Strategy Officer. The sublease was structured so that the sublessor's lease payment obligations to the landlord were passed on to Lifted on a dollar-for-dollar basis, such that the sublessor did not realize a cashflow profit or loss from the sublease. Since the term was less than twelve months, this lease was not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and lease expense was recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Robert T. Warrender II In January 2022, Lifted hired Mr. Robert T. Warrender II, NWarrender s father, as an employee. Mr. Warrender is also a Director of LFTD Partners Inc. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and , respectively, in wages were paid to Mr. Warrender. As of September 30, 2024, a expense reimbursement accrual related to Mr. Warrender was reported. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and , respectively, in wages were paid to Mr. Warrender. As of September 30, 2023, in expense reimbursements were owed to Mr. Warrender. Robert T. Warrender III Mr. Robert T. Warrender III is NWarrender s brother, and Director Mr. Robert T. Warrender II s son. From January 9, 2023 until July 1, 2023, Mr. Warrender worked for Lifted as an employee in sales; previously, Mr. Warrender operated as an independent contractor of Lifted. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and in compensation was paid to Mr. Warrender. Outside Director Fees Each of the Company s outside directors, including Mr. Vincent J. Mesolella, Dr. Joshua A. Bloom, Dr. James S. Jacobs, Mr. Richard E. Morrissy, and Mr. Kevin J. Rocio, received quarterly director fees of in each of the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Dr. Jacobs is the brother of CEO GJacobs and the uncle of President and CFO WJacobs. F-34 Table of Contents during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Ms. Howard is a Senior Real Estate Professional with @properties Christie's International Real Estate in the Chicago/Chicagoland area where she practices residential and commercial real estate. She has . She holds the Accredited Buyer Representative Designation and is a Certified Pricing Strategy Advisor and Certified Real Estate Negotiation Expert. She is a member of the Chicago Association of REALTORS , Illinois REALTORS and the National Association of REALTORS and has been featured in CS Magazine, Crain's Chicago Business Magazine, Chicago Real Producers Magazine and N'Digo Magazine for her contributions in the real estate industry. Sharial is a proud graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. William C. Jake Jacobs At the closing of the acquisition of Lifted, shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Company at the closing of the Merger (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients ). Now that certain conditions and requirements have been met, starting on February 24, 2023, the Deferred Contingent Stock has begun to be issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients who have instructed the Company to issue to them their respective, earned Deferred Contingent Stock. Through September 30, 2024, shares of Deferred Contingent Stock have been issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients, including 200,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock to WJacobs. Nicholas S. Warrender Lease and Purchase of 5511 95th Avenue, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 Toward the end of 2020, NWarrender, through his assigned entity 95th Holdings, LLC ("Holdings"), purchased a building located at 5511 95th Avenue, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 5511 Building that was immediately leased to us to conduct our expanded operations. The 5511 Building includes office, laboratory and warehouse space. As part of the lease agreement with Holdings, the parties agreed that Lifted would eventually purchase the 5511 Building. The purchase price for the 5511 Building was originally subject to variation based on a formula agreed upon by the parties. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement with NWarrender on December 30, 2021, Lifted was obligated to purchase the 5511 Building from Holdings on or before December 31, 2022 for a fixed purchase price of . Pursuant to an Acceleration Agreement, the deadline to purchase the 5511 Building was extended by one year to December 31, 2023. In addition, the Acceleration Agreement contained a provision that if we raised of debt or equity capital, then Lifted or our designee would be obligated to purchase the 5511 Building from Holdings at the agreed upon purchase price within two days. On December 14, 2023, LFTD Partners and Lifted (together the Borrower ), jointly borrowed a total of from Surety Bank, of DeLand, Florida Lender ), and simultaneously Lifted purchased the 5511 Building from Holdings for as previously agreed upon. The Lender made two five-year loans to the Borrower, as joint borrowers: (1) a working capital loan of at fixed annual interest, and (2) a loan at fixed annual interest, the net proceeds of which were used by Lifted to pay a portion of the purchase price of the 5511 Building. The two loans are cross collateralized by a first lien mortgage on the 5511 Building, and by a first lien security interest in all of the other assets owned by LIFD and Lifted, in favor of Surety Bank. Corner Vapory LLC NWarrender is a owner in Corner Vapory LLC. Corner Vapory LLC owned a vape shop (called Corner Vapory), and Canna Vita, a CBD shop, both of which were located in Kenosha, Wisconsin and were customers of Lifted. The other owners of Corner Vapory LLC consist of Lifted s Director of Operations and his wife. In the past, Lifted sold products to Corner Vapory from time-to-time; however, Lifted did not sell any products to Corner Vapory LLC during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. F-35 Table of Contents shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. . Between February 27, 2019 and May 13, 2019, the Company accepted subscriptions from accredited investors to purchase shares of newly issued Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. These shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the holders into shares of newly issued common stock of the Company, or per share of common stock of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock will receive an annual dividend, and will be subject to mandatory conversion, under terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock. On August 2, 2019, the Company filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement covering the shares of newly issued common stock of the Company into which the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock can be converted. On July 6, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC an amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On December 10, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC a second amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On June 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a third amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fourth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 26, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fifth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On August 19, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a sixth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. The Registration Statement was approved and deemed effective by the SEC on August 26, 2021. . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has accrued a liability of and , respectively, as dividends payable to holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company fully intends on paying the annual dividends to the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a total of and , respectively, of cash dividends were paid to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock holders. In comparison, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, a total of and , respectively, of cash dividends were paid to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock holders. All of the issuances of securities described above were restricted share issuances and deemed to be exempt from registration in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Each investor represented that they were accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D and, there was no general solicitation or general advertising used to market the securities. We made available to each investor disclosure of all aspects of our business, including providing the investor with press releases, access to our auditors, and other financial, business, and corporate information. All securities issued were restricted with an appropriate restrictive legend on certificates for notes and warrants issued stating that the securities (and underlying shares) have not been registered under the Securities Act and cannot be sold or otherwise transferred without an effective registration or an exemption therefrom. F-36 Table of Contents shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. annually. The accrued Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends are cumulative. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dividends shall cease to accrue at such time as the Company s Common Stock has closed at 7.00 per share or higher for 20 consecutive trading days after the first date that the Series B Registration Statement is effective, and there have been, on average, at least 25,000 shares traded on each of those 20 consecutive trading days. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall have voluntary conversion rights. Shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are subject to mandatory conversion (in the discretion of the Company) at such time as the Company s common stock has closed at 9.00 per share or higher for 20 consecutive trading days after the first date that the Series B Registration Statement is effective, and there have been, on average, at least 50,000 shares traded on each of those 20 consecutive trading days . Between July 24, 2019 and December 5, 2019, the Company accepted subscriptions from accredited investors to purchase shares of newly issued Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. These shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the holder into shares of newly issued common stock of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock will receive an annual dividend, and will be subject to mandatory conversion, under terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Series B Preferred Stock. On August 2, 2019, the Company filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement covering the shares of newly issued common stock of the Company into which the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock can be converted. On July 6, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC an amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On December 10, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC a second amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On June 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a third amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fourth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 26, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fifth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On August 19, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a sixth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. The Registration Statement was approved and deemed effective by the SEC on August 26, 2021. . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has accrued a liability of and , respectively, as dividends payable to holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company fully intends on paying the annual dividends to the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and as such, the Company has accrued the liability on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a total of and , respectively, of cash dividends were paid to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock holders. In comparison, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, a total of and , respectively, of cash dividends were paid to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock holders. All of the issuances of securities described above were restricted share issuances and deemed to be exempt from registration in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Each investor represented that they were accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D and, there was no general solicitation or general advertising used to market the securities. We made available to each investor disclosure of all aspects of our business, including providing the investor with press releases, access to our auditors, and other financial, business, and corporate information. All securities issued were restricted with an appropriate restrictive legend on certificates for notes and warrants issued stating that the securities (and underlying shares) have not been registered under the Securities Act and cannot be sold or otherwise transferred without an effective registration or an exemption therefrom. F-37 Table of Contents shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Company at the closing of the Merger (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients ). Now that certain conditions and requirements have been met, starting on February 24, 2023, the Deferred Contingent stock has begun to be issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients who have instructed the Company to issue to them their respective, earned Deferred Contingent Stock. Due to the lack of marketability of the Company s common stock, LFTD Partners hired a third-party valuation firm (the Valuation Firm to calculate discount rates to apply to the value of the Deferred Contingent Stock for both financial reporting and tax purposes. The Valuation Firm used the Finnerty Protective Put Model to determine the discount rates to apply to the Deferred Contingent Stock in order to value it, for both financial reporting and tax reporting purposes. The Finnerty model is variant of the protective put method that estimates the discount based on the average price over the restriction period rather than based on the final price. The Valuation Firm s report indicated that, for financial reporting purposes, a discount for lack of marketability should be used when valuing all shares of Deferred Contingent Stock, as of February 24, 2023. Assumptions used in the model for financial reporting purposes include: that no dividends on common stock will be paid, that the expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the trading of LIFD s common stock, and that there is a year term based on the six-month holding period due to Rule 144. As of February 24, 2023, total stock compensation expense of related to the 645,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock was recognized. The Valuation Firm s report also indicated that, for tax reporting purposes, discounts ranging from to for lack of marketability and blockage should be used when valuing the shares of Deferred Contingent Stock that were issued during the first quarter of 2023. In the Finnerty Protective Put model for each unique block of issued stock, the Valuation Firm has assumed a minimum term of six months, equal to the minimum time to sell the subject shares due to their restricted nature; and a maximum term equal to the amount of time it would take for the market to absorb the additional shares based upon an assumed additional volume of 7.5 . The Valuation Firm also assumed that no dividends on common stock will be paid, and that the expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the trading of LIFD s common stock. No shares of Deferred Contingent Stock were issued during the second quarter of 2023. On September 21, 2023, 93,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock were issued. A different valuation firm Second Valuation Firm was engaged to estimate the discount for lack of marketability and blockage applicable to the fair market value of these shares of Deferred Contingent Stock for tax reporting purposes. The Second Valuation Firm used the Finnerty Protective Put Model to determine the discount rate to apply to the Deferred Contingent Stock in order to value it for tax reporting purposes. In the Finnerty Protective Put model, the Second Valuation Firm has assumed a minimum term of six months, equal to the minimum time to sell the subject shares due to their restricted nature; and a maximum term equal to the amount of time it would take for the market to absorb the additional shares based upon an assumed additional volume of and . The Second Valuation Firm also assumed that no dividends on common stock will be paid, expected volatility based on observed volatility of the trading of LIFD s common stock, and risk-free rate based on the yield on U.S. Treasury bonds. The Second Valuation Firm s report indicated that, for tax reporting purposes, a discount should be used when valuing the shares of Deferred Contingent Stock that were issued on September 21, 2023. Through September 30, 2024, shares of Deferred Contingent Stock have been issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients. F-38 Table of Contents Exercisable Options, Warrants and Rights to Purchase Warrants to Purchase Common Stock Outstanding, September 30, 2024 Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights to Purchase Warrants to Purchase Common Stock, September 30, 2024 Cancellation of Warrants Issued in Connection with the Acquisition of Lifted Made On February 24, 2023, warrants to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were cancelled because the Warrant recipient was no longer continuously employed by Lifted or was no longer a contractor, consultant, paid advisor, or informal paid advisor of Lifted. shares of common stock of the Company. Due to the potential conflict of interest, the terms and conditions of the Lease were negotiated on behalf of Lifted by Vincent J. Mesolella, the Lead Outside Director of the Company. Landlord and Lifted were represented by their own independent legal counsel in connection with the Lease. Under the terms of the Lease, NWarrender is able to benefit through his ownership of Landlord by Landlord s receiving rent and eventually selling the 5511 Building to Lifted. Lifted constructed improvements to the 5511 Building including a clean room, and gradually moved into the 5511 Building over the course of the first quarter of 2021. F-39 Table of Contents square feet at the 5511 Building at per square foot per year in base rent .94 in 2021), which was subject to a increase in base rent each year, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. The Lease was to continue until midnight on the fifth anniversary date of the commencement date of the Lease. Lifted was to have the right to extend the original five year term of the Lease for one extension period of two years, commencing upon the expiration of the original term. Lifted and Landlord were required to execute an Amendment of Extension prior to six months before the expiration of the original term. Prior to Lifted s purchase of the 5511 Building, the rent schedule was as follows: Rent Schedule .75 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 .57 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 .68 January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 .13 January 1, 2025 December 31, 2025 .97 Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted was obligated to purchase the 5511 Building from Landlord on or before December 31, 2022 for a fixed purchase price of . As a result, as of December 31, 2021, the Company modified its methodology for accounting of this finance lease (the Modification Date ), such that the only liability recognized as of December 31, 2021 was a current (within one year) liability, and there was no long-term liability recognized. An immaterial loss on lease modification of was also recognized as of the Modification Date. The Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset value was reduced to reflect the fixed purchase price agreed to under the Omnibus Agreement. Pursuant to the Acceleration Agreement, Lifted s obligation to purchase the 5511 Building from Landlord was delayed to on or before December 31, 2023. Prior to the signing of the Acceleration Agreement, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was to be amortized over its useful life (39 years) on a prospective basis from the Modification Date. That is, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was previously amortized over the lease term, but given mandatory purchase by December 31, 2022, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was to be amortized over years starting on the Modification Date. As a result of the signing of the Acceleration Agreement, the accounting for the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was adjusted accordingly. Lifted purchased the 5511 Building from Landlord on December 14, 2023, for in cash as previously agreed upon, and as a result, the Company derecognized the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset and recognized the 5511 Building as Land and Building on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For more information, refer to the section Bank Financing and Purchase of Headquarters Building in NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF LFTD PARTNERS INC. , above. Lease of Space Located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On September 23, 2021, Lifted entered into a lease agreement with TI Investors of Kenosha LLC, TI for office and warehouse space located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, WI 53144 (the 58 th Lease ). Subsequent to Lifted entering into the 58 th Lease, the property was sold to Ladi Investments, LLC Ladi Ladi thereafter was Lifted s landlord, until the 58 th Lease was terminated as of midnight on March 31, 2024 in conjunction with Lifted entering into the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease (defined below) on March 25, 2024. The terms and conditions of the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease are described below in the section Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease under Lease of Space Located at 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 and 700, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 . Prior to the termination of the 58 th Lease, the 58 th Lease served as sales offices, finished goods storage and outgoing shipping for Lifted. The term of the 58 th Lease commenced on October 1, 2021. The initial term of the 58 th Lease was to be three years, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 58 th Lease. While extensions were not prohibited, Lifted did not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the 58 th Lease for an additional term. F-40 Table of Contents square feet of space and paid a base square foot charge of per square foot per annum, with a 3 increase in rent each year during the term. Lifted was also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. This lease was accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .84 10/01/2022 09/30/2023 .72 10/01/2023 09/30/2024 .75 Lease of Space Located at 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 and 700, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On November 17, 2021, Lifted entered into a lease agreement with TI for office and warehouse space located at 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 700, Kenosha, WI 53144 (the Second 58 th Lease ). Subsequent to Lifted entering into the Second 58 th Lease, the property was sold to Ladi; thus Ladi is the current landlord. The Second 58 th Lease space is used for raw goods storage. The term of the Second 58 th Lease commenced on January 1, 2022. The initial term of the Second 58 th Lease was to be five years, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the Second 58 th Lease. While extensions were not prohibited, Lifted did not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the Second 58 th Lease for an additional term. Under the terms of the Second 58 th Lease, Lifted leases approximately square feet of space and pays a base square foot charge of per square foot per annum, with increases in rent each year during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .00 01/01/2023 12/31/2023 .00 01/01/2024 12/31/2024 .60 01/01/2025 12/31/2025 .91 01/01/2026 12/31/2026 .34 First Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease On February 23, 2022, the Second 58 th Lease was amended (the First Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease to change the lease commencement date from January 1, 2022 to February 1, 2022, and to change the lease termination date from December 31, 2026 to January 31, 2027. The First Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease did not change the base monthly rent amounts; it simply pushed them back one month. Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease On March 25, 2024, the Second 58 th Lease was amended for a second time (the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease ). F-41 Table of Contents square feet of space, located at 8910 58 th Place, Suite 100, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 (the Expansion Area ), for a total revised Second 58 th Lease area of approximately square feet. The Expansion Area is being used for office, manufacturing and warehouse space. Under the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease, the term of the Second 58 th Lease is extended through May 31, 2029. Commencing on February 1, 2027, the base monthly rent for Suites 600 and 700 of the Second 58 th Lease, exclusive of the Expansion Area (Suite 100), is extended as follows: .41 February 1, 2028 January 31, 2029 .53 February 1, 2029 May 31, 2029 .83 Commencing on the Expansion Date, the base monthly rent for the Expansion Area (Suite 100) is as follows: June 1, 2024 March 31, 2025 .83 April 1, 2025 March 31, 2026 .96 April 1, 2026 March 31, 2027 .18 April 1, 2027 March 31, 2028 .94 April 1, 2028 March 31, 2029 .72 April 1, 2029 May 31, 2029 .99 Under the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease, Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. Pursuant to the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease, Lifted is required to remit an additional security deposit of .51 to Ladi for the Second 58 th Lease, bringing the total security deposit paid to Ladi for the Second 58 th Lease to .51. The additional security deposit of .51 was paid on April 4, 2024. The effectiveness of the Second Amendment to the Second 58 th Lease was contingent upon the successful execution of all three of the following documents: (i) the Lease Termination Agreement dated March 18, 2024, by and between Ladi and Lifted for Lifted s leased space located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 (the 8920 Suite 850 Termination Agreement ), (ii) the Lease Termination Agreement dated March 18, 2024, by and between Ladi and Lifted for Lifted s leased space located at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 (the the 9560 Suite 360 Termination Agreement ), and (iii) the Lease Termination Agreement dated March 18, 2024, by and between Ladi and a third party that currently leases the space located at 8910 58th Place, Suite 100, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 (the 8910 Suite 100 Termination Agreement ). These contingencies were met on or about March 27, 2024. F-42 Table of Contents square feet of space and paid an initial base square foot charge of per square foot per annum, with increases in rent each year during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. Lifted was also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. This lease was accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .25 07/01/2023 06/30/2024 .58 07/01/2024 06/30/2025 .35 07/01/2025 06/30/2026 .63 07/01/2026 06/30/2027 .52 Sublease of Space Located at 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, Illinois 60612 On July 6, 2022, Lifted entered into a sublease for office space in Chicago, Illinois located at 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, Illinois 60612. The sublease was terminated as of June 30, 2024. Prior to the termination of the sublease, the sublease cost per month, plus supplemental lease related charges such as real estate taxes and common expenses of the property that were commercially typical costs. The sublease was retroactively effective as of June 1, 2022 and for a five-month term that ended on October 31, 2022. Thereafter, until it was terminated, the sublease operated on a month-to-month basis. The purpose of the sublease was to make available office space for the members of Lifted s sales team who live in Chicago. These salespeople were spending significant time in their cars commuting from Chicago to Kenosha. The sublessor was Lifted s former Chief Strategy Officer. The sublease was structured so that the sublessor's lease payment obligations to the landlord were passed on to Lifted on a dollar-for-dollar basis, such that the sublessor did not realize a cashflow profit or loss from the sublease. Since the term was less than twelve months, this lease was not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and lease expense was recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. F-43 Table of Contents March 1, 2023 February 29, 2024 .73 March 1, 2024 February 28, 2025 .56 March 1, 2025 February 28, 2026 .82 March 1, 2026 February 28, 2027 .73 March 1, 2027 February 29, 2028 .52 First Amendment to the 5732 Lease Effective April 1, 2023 (the Expansion Date ), the 5732 Lease was amended (the "First Amendment to the 5732 Lease to expand the square footage of the leased space to include an additional 2,668 square feet of space located at 5732 95 th Avenue, Suite 100, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 (the Expansion Area ). Commencing on the Expansion Date, the base monthly rent for the Expansion Area is: .42 February 1, 2024 January 31, 2025 .23 February 1, 2025 January 31, 2026 .16 February 1, 2026 January 31, 2027 .33 February 1, 2027 January 31, 2028 .86 February 1, 2028 February 29, 2028 .90 Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. The 5732 Lease and the First Amendment to the 5732 Lease are accounted for as a single operating lease. Lease of Space Located at 16178 US Hwy 550, Aztec, New Mexico Pursuant to the terms of the Oculus Merger Agreement, upon the closing of the Merger, Lifted assumed Oculus lease of office and operational space at 16178 US Hwy 550, Aztec, New Mexico (the Aztec Lease ). The Aztec Lease included a shop building of approximately square feet and adjacent fenced parking area. The term of the Aztec Lease was one year, commencing on December 1, 2022 and ending on November 30, 2023, continuing month-to-month thereafter until terminated. The base lease payment was per month. All monthly payments were due and payable in advance on the first day of each month. Lifted was also required to pay taxes, insurance and certain maintenance costs of the Aztec Lease. The Aztec Lease was accounted for as an operating lease. The Aztec Lease was terminated on May 7, 2024. F-44 Table of Contents square feet of space. During the Initial Term, Lifted shall pay CR base annual rent of , payable in equal monthly installments of . In addition, as part of the 789 Tech Lease, Lifted paid CR a security deposit. In addition to the base monthly rent, Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. Since the Initial Term is twelve months, this lease is not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Third Party Facilities From time to time, the Company maintains inventory at third party facilities around the USA. Balance Sheet Classification of Operating Lease Assets and Liabilities Liability Balance Sheet Line September 30, 2024 Operating Lease Liabilities Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities Lease Costs The table below summarizes the components of lease costs for the following periods: Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease expense Total Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease expense Total F-45 Table of Contents . Maturity Analysis The following table is the maturity analysis of the Company s operating and finance leases as of the reported period end. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) Lease liability Allocation of a Portion of Lease Expense to Finished Goods As described in NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES , a portion of monthly overhead costs such as lease expense are allocated to finished goods. For example, monthly overhead costs such as payments for rent, utilities, insurance, and indirect labor are allocated to finished goods based on the estimated percentage cost toward the finished goods. Depreciation expense related to certain machinery and equipment is also allocated to finished goods. Potential Issuance of Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of the Company The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors may, from time to time, recommend that certain warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company should be issued to new or current members of the Company s Board of Directors, to officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, or to members of any advisory board or consultants to the Company. Bonus to Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer Lifted s former Chief Strategy Officer (the CSO ), who worked for Lifted from July 1, 2021 through April 30, 2024, had been hired to develop and implement certain important strategies to assist Lifted s efforts to increase its production, fulfillment and sales capabilities. The CSO s two-year agreement with Lifted entitled the CSO to be paid an annual salary of plus a bonus equal to of total net sales for Lifted in excess of per quarter. The CSO s final bonus, for April 2024, was , and was paid in May 2024. In comparison, at December 31, 2023, the bonus payable to the CSO was ; this bonus is accrued in the Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses liability account on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool Please refer to NOTE 12 COMPANY-WIDE MANAGEMENT BONUS POOL for more information about the company-wide management bonus pool. Other Contingent Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments For other contingent contractual obligations and commercial commitments, please refer to NOTE 8 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS . F-46 Table of Contents John Doe defendants. Plaintiff has filed an amended complaint changing the testing company but maintaining similar claims. The Company contends that this lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend the action. The Company has recently filed a motion seeking dismissal of the Complaint which has been briefed and the Company is waiting for the court s ruling. (2) Loree Perry, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Sheikhani Group, et al Plaintiff added the Company and four of its officers to a putative class action case against a Texas retailer, several cannabis industry manufacturers, testing companies, and related individuals in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. The Amended Complaint alleges that Plaintiff bought two of the Company s vape cartridge products and that the delta-9-THC cannabinoid content of those and additional unspecified many of the Company s other products was underreported. The Amended Complaint alleges that all of the Defendants misrepresent the nature of their products and are intentionally engaging in ongoing illegal sales. The Amended Complaint asserts seven causes of action including a civil RICO claim and alleges the existence of John Doe defendants. The Company contends that this lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend the action if and when it is served. Lifted currently is involved in two pending lawsuits, as the plaintiff: (1) Lifted Liquids, Inc. v. Asad Awawdeh and Habib Cash and Carry SD, Inc. The Company has filed an action seeking to recover approximately in damages resulting from Defendants failure to pay for product they ordered. The matter has been filed in California and the Company intends to pursue the action and recover its damages. (2) Lifted Liquids, Inc. v. Chris Hillseth Enterprises Corporation and Ameri-Kal LLC The Company has filed an action seeking to recover amounts paid for equipment that did not work as represented. The case is in its early stages and the Company intends to pursue the action and recover its damages. Lifted is currently in a dispute with one of its former insurance carriers, and there is a possibility that this dispute could result in Lifted filing a lawsuit against such insurance carrier to recover a portion of the premiums paid to such insurance carrier. F-47 Table of Contents Roffe and is attempting to collect on the judgment. The action against Girish GPO has been resolved with the Girish defendants agreeing to pay the Company 34,000 over time. Settlement Agreement With Dev Distribution, LLC On October 9, 2023, Lifted entered into a settlement agreement that was mutually acceptable to the parties which has resolved the following lawsuit: Lifted Liquids, Inc. v. DEV Distribution, LLC , No, DC-22-15080. In October 2022, Lifted filed an action against Dev Distribution LLC Dev ), . Amendment to Settlement With Dev Distribution, LLC On April 1, 2024, the Company entered into an Addendum to Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release Addendum with Dev. Monthly Payments has been extended from the earlier of May 1, 2024 or the closing date of Dev s sale of its assets, of the sale of some or all of the membership interests owned by its current members, or of obtaining a loan or other cash infusion (a Cash Event ), to the earlier of April 10, 2025, or the date of a Cash Event. Similar to the original Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Release, in the event of a Cash Event, Dev shall be obligated to contemporaneously pay Lifted 240,000 less any Monthly Payments made by Dev to Lifted up to the point of such Cash Event. Settlement Agreement With Edgar Martha On May 25, 2023, Lifted entered into a settlement agreement that was mutually acceptable to the parties which has resolved the following lawsuit: Martha, Edgar v. Lifted Liquids. Mr. Edgar Martha, who worked in Lifted s production facility, had sued Lifted in regard to an alleged chemical burn. In May 2023, . F-48 Table of Contents per share. As of September 30, 2022, the Company did not meet the diluted earnings per share of common stock requirement of per share x 3/4), and as a result, the Company eliminated the company-wide bonus pool accrual of , which had been accrued through June 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, the Company did pay bonuses totaling to certain members of the management team of Lifted; however, none of this went to GJacobs, WJacobs or NWarrender, and it is accounted for as Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This will be deducted from future company-wide bonus pools on a dollar-for-dollar basis. The Company did not report any company-wide bonus pool expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. federal dividends received deduction prospectively. In addition, the Tax Act required a one-time transitional tax on foreign cash equivalents and previously unremitted earnings. Several of the new provisions enacted as part of the Tax Act require clarification and guidance from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and Treasury Department. These or other changes in U.S. tax laws could impact our profits, effective tax rate, and cash flows. F-49 Table of Contents Domestic-State Franchise taxes Foreign Deferred Domestic-Federal Domestic-State Foreign Total Provision/(Benefit) for Income Taxes The Company currently believes that all significant filing positions are highly certain and that all of its significant income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained upon audit. Therefore, the Company has no significant reserves for uncertain tax positions and no adjustments to such reserves were required by US GAAP. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. A reconciliation of the amount of tax provision (benefit) computed using the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to the provision for income taxes on continuing operations is as follows: State taxes, net of federal benefit Non-deductible expenses Franchise taxes Revision of prior years' provision to return filing Change in estimated future income tax rates Change in valuation allowance Other Total Provision/(Benefit) for Income Taxes F-50 Table of Contents Operating loss carry forwards Sales Allowances Spoiled and Written-Off Inventory Accrued Related Party Expenses Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Lease Liabilities Interest Carryforward Less: Valuation allowance for stock-based compensation Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Depreciation Amortization Goodwill Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Assets/(Liabilities) F-51 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references to the Company, LFTD Partners, LIFD, we, our or us refer to LFTD Partners Inc. and Lifted, unless the context otherwise indicates. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A section includes a discussion of our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition and certain factors that may affect our future results. In addition to historical financial information, the following MD A contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information, as defined under applicable United States securities laws, that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. This MD A is supplemental to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company s unaudited interim consolidated financial statements, and the risk factors, consolidated financial statements and related, accompanying notes that appear in LFTD Partners Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024. As a result of many factors, the Company s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements and information. The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). Financial information presented in this MD A is presented in United States dollars ). Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements that are considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations and forecasts of future events. All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding the Company s future financial position, performance, operations, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, capital spending, sources of liquidity and financing sources, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Company s current plans, and the Company s actual future activities and results of operations may be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include the Risk Factors included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Risk factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may turn out to be inaccurate. The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. The forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring after the date hereof. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 29, 2024. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Certain information included herein contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues and operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity and financing sources. Such forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein. These risks and uncertainties include the Risk Factors included herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, that can be read at www.sec.gov. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this document, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to any forward-looking statements. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make in our reports to the SEC. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this document. None of the statements contained herein have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, and none of the products manufactured or sold by the Company are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. 4 Table of Contents Significant Financial Obligations and Acute Regulatory Risks Prior to the acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020, LFTD Partners Inc. had no sources of revenue, and LFTD Partners Inc. had a history of recurring losses, which has resulted in an accumulated deficit of 3,965,493 as of September 30, 2024. LFTD Partners Inc. currently is making significant payments of interest and principal on its loans from Surety Bank, and is accruing and paying dividends on outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at the rate of 3 per year, among other ongoing financial obligations. In addition, as extensively discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024, we are subject to a wide variety of Risk Factors including substantial legal and regulatory risks. These matters cumulatively raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The legal and regulatory risks facing Lifted's business are particularly acute at this point in time, in at least three respects: (1) an official of the federal Drug Enforcement Administration (the "DEA") made a presentation at a conference in Houston in April 2023, in which that official reportedly stated that the DEA plans to issue a new rule that would have the effect of classifying certain hemp-derived cannabinoids as controlled substances. If such a new rule were to be issued and become legally binding upon Lifted, it could have a material adverse effect upon over 90 of Lifted's business and upon the trading price of the Company's common stock. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we are not aware of any draft DEA rule that would materially affect Lifted s business; (2) a new or amended federal "Farm Bill" is expected to be passed by Congress and signed by the President sometime during 2024 or 2025. If such a new or amended federal "Farm Bill" were to eliminate or limit the legality of hemp and hemp-derivatives, it could have a material adverse effect upon over 90 of Lifted's business and upon the trading price of the Company's common stock; and (3) numerous states have enacted, or are considering enacting, laws that would prohibit or seriously regulate sales of the Company s products in those states. Such laws could have a material adverse effect upon Lifted's business and upon the trading price of the Company's common stock. Overview Please refer to NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF LFTD PARTNERS INC. for more information. Liquidity and Capital Resources On February 24, 2020, the Company acquired 100 of the ownership interests of Lifted. All of the Company s sales are generated by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Lifted; LFTD Partners by itself generates no sales. We also do not recognize any revenue or earnings from our investments in Bendistillery, Ablis or Bend Spirits. The Company's cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, growth opportunities, the payments of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock dividends, bonuses, its financial obligations under its loan agreements with Surety Bank, and other obligations, are expected to be met with current cash on hand and cash flows provided by operating activities. The Company has a history of losses as evidenced by the accumulated deficit at September 30, 2024 of 3,965,493. We plan to sustain the Company as a going concern by taking the following actions: (1) continuing to operate Lifted; (2) acquiring and/or developing profitable businesses that will create positive income from operations; and/or (3) completing private placements of our common stock and/or preferred stock. We believe that by taking these actions, we will be provided with sufficient future operations and cash flow to continue as a going concern. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in consummating such actions on acceptable terms, if at all. Moreover, many of such actions can be expected to result in substantial dilution to the existing shareholders of the Company. The following table summarizes our Company s cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Cash Provided by/(Used in) Operating Activities (67,154 743,001 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (480,611 (1,089,730 Net Cash Used In Financing Activities (634,969 (102,501 5 Table of Contents Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 67,154 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities primarily resulted from a net loss of 1,858,615, which includes net, non-cash expenses of 4,379,929, offset by an increase in net operating assets of 2,588,468. Non-cash expenses are primarily related to bad debt expense of 2,304,898, loss on the Jeeter collaboration of 1,349,467, and spoiled and written off inventory of 1,379,982. Net cash provided by operating activities was 743,001 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities primarily resulted from net income of 2,135,367, which includes non-cash expenses of 3,059,353, offset by an increase in net operating assets of 4,451,721. Non-cash expenses are primarily related to 2,138,175 of stock compensation expense and 771,355 of spoiled and written off inventory. Working capital of 4,465,159 was used to purchase inventory. Cash Flows From Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was 480,611 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In 2024, Lifted spent 310,763 on purchases of fixed assets and 200,000 for the cash portion of the second installment of merger consideration pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement. In comparison, net cash used in investing activities was 1,089,730 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In 2023, Lifted spent 342,068 to purchase net assets from Oculus CRS, LLC and spent 747,662 for net purchases of fixed assets. Cash Flows From Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 634,969, which is primarily driven by payments on the Surety Bank loans of 382,733 and purchases of shares of the Company s common stock of 240,240. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash decreased by 1,182,734, and we had 3,174,805 of unrestricted cash at September 30, 2024. In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 102,501, primarily driven by finance lease liability payments of 53,754. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash decreased by 449,230, and we had 3,081,393 of unrestricted cash at September 30, 2023. Comparison of the balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 The following table summarizes our Company s current assets, current liabilities and working capital as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current Assets 17,446,160 21,668,980 Current Liabilities 6,598,157 8,686,744 Working Capital 10,848,003 12,982,236 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3,174,805; in comparison, as of December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 4,357,539. As of September 30, 2024, we reported prepaid expenses of 1,053,846, primarily consisting of prepaid inventory of 904,822. In comparison, as of December 31, 2023, we reported prepaid expenses of 2,509,961 primarily consisting of prepaid inventory of 2,317,799. Accounts receivable of 2,265,047, net of 2,619,076 allowance for doubtful accounts, were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. In comparison, accounts receivable of 3,586,176, net of 375,417 allowance for doubtful accounts, were outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 6 Table of Contents An allowance for sales is recorded for estimated future discounts/refunds related to returns of products sold prior to the reporting period end. An allowance for sales reduces net sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and also reduces accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sales allowances of 103,516 and 635,098 were reported as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. A primary impetus for the need of a sales allowance and a reduction in accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was that, sometimes, when employees of federal, state and local regulatory agencies and/or law enforcement make statements and/or issue correspondence that claim or imply that certain hemp-derived products are unsafe or illegal, these statements and correspondence, and industry publications and/or news media coverage of such statements and correspondence, may trigger confusion, uncertainty or alarm among the distributors, retailers and consumers who purchase our products, and consequently result in decreased sales or returns/exchanges of our products. However, the Company has been able to re-sell the returned products to other distributors, retailers and consumers. Nonetheless, in anticipation of the need to honor exchanges of these certain products, management records a credit note reserve and corresponding sales allowance for these types of products. As of September 30, 2024, we had inventory of 9,748,937; in comparison, as of December 31, 2023, we had inventory of 10,174,667. Total current assets as of September 30, 2024 of 17,446,160 were adequate for us to fund current operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our other assets primarily included goodwill of 23,092,794, which was comprised of 22,292,767 of goodwill from the acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020, and 800,027 of goodwill from Lifted s purchase of nearly all of the assets of Oculus CRS, LLC, and Lifted s merger with Oculus CHS Management Corp. in April 2023. Also, as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our other assets included our investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, which total 1,896,200. Net fixed assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were 2,844,428 and 2,996,387, respectively. In addition, as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our other assets also included restricted cash of 1,000,000. We are required by our Business Loan Agreement with Surety Bank to maintain a minimum depository balance of 1,000,000 with Surety Bank for the duration of our Business Loan. The Business Loan matures on December 14, 2028. As of September 30, 2024, current liabilities of 6,598,157 primarily consisted of accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4,739,663, the current portion of the notes payable to Surety Bank of 545,897, and deferred revenue of 1,022,241. As of December 31, 2023, current liabilities of 8,686,744 primarily consisted of accounts payable and accrued expenses of 6,172,655, Minimum Earnout Consideration of 1,000,000 to be paid pursuant to the Oculus Merger Agreement 200,000 in cash, and 800,000 in the form of 160,000 shares of common stock valued at 5.00 per share), collab commissions and royalties payable of 572,838, the current portion of the notes payable to Surety Bank of 506,061, and deferred revenue of 235,891. On May 8, 2024, NWarrender, in consultation with WJacobs, made the Determination that the Incremental Pre-Tax Profits were zero dollars 0). Consequently, the second installment of Merger Consideration consists of: (1) Two Hundred Thousand Dollars 200,000) in cash; and (2) One Hundred Sixty Thousand (160,000) newly issued shares of unregistered LIFD Common Stock. On May 13, 2024, the cash component of the second installment of Merger Consideration was paid, and the stock component of the second installment of Merger Consideration was issued. In prior years, the Company s payables have been greater than its cash on hand. Prior to the Company s acquisition of Lifted, the Company had inconsistent income-generating ability and was therefore reliant on raising money from loans or stock sales. The Company had an accumulated deficit of 3,965,493 and 2,096,780 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 7 Table of Contents Comparison of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 to September 30, 2023 Net sales during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 8,691,675 and 28,845,623, respectively, compared to 13,106,280 and 38,090,615 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Reasons for the decrease in net sales from 2023 to 2024 include, but are not limited to: prohibition of, or tighter regulation of, intoxicating hemp-derived products has been adopted or proposed in many states that are significant markets for Lifted, such as in California; greater competition in the marketplace for branded hemp-derived and psychoactive products that are similar to those that Lifted sells; more distributors creating their own brands and selling their own branded products at a lower price than Lifted s products; increased competition for products containing more milligrams of cannabinoids or active ingredients per unit at a lower price point; and other competing brands paying distributors and wholesalers more than what Lifted is willing to pay, for valuable shelf space. Lifted has launched several initiatives in order to attempt to increase net sales, including: a re-branding of Urb that launched in July 2024; increasing spending on SEO; online advertising and marketing; and sending sales teams to certain cities to attempt to increase direct-to-retailer sales. The Company has also hired Zuanic Associates to initiate coverage of the Company s common stock; however, any opinions, estimates or forecasts regarding the Company s performance made by analysts, including Zuanic Associates, are theirs alone and do not represent opinions, forecasts or predictions of the Company or its management. The Company does not by its reference or distribution imply its endorsement of or concurrence with analyst information, conclusions or recommendations. Shown below are tables showing the approximate disaggregation of historical revenue: For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Type of Sale 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales of raw materials to customers 96,208 1 618 0 856,457 3 3,696 0 Net sales of products to private label clients 784,352 9 312,905 2 2,868,515 10 1,178,686 3 Net sales of products to wholesalers 2,300,720 26 2,535,597 19 7,525,399 26 7,437,453 20 Net sales of products to distributors 4,660,483 54 9,640,568 74 15,031,446 52 27,738,487 73 Net sales of products to end consumers 849,913 10 616,592 5 2,563,806 9 1,732,293 5 Net Sales 8,691,675 100 13,106,280 100 28,845,623 100 38,090,615 100 For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Product Type 2024 2023 2024 2023 Vapes 3,381,277 39 7,405,541 57 13,509,201 47 19,846,178 52 Edibles 4,074,937 47 3,293,422 25 11,423,876 40 10,849,438 28 Flower 253,832 3 1,165,926 9 1,255,326 4 4,203,894 11 Cartridges 944,639 11 1,223,320 9 2,523,090 9 3,165,575 8 Apparel and Accessories 36,989 0 18,071 0 134,128 0 25,530 0 Net Sales 8,691,675 100 13,106,280 100 28,845,623 100 38,090,615 100 8 Table of Contents For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Hemp vs Non-Hemp Product Sales 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales of hemp products 8,416,929 97 12,957,460 99 28,022,767 97 35,587,865 93 Net sales of non-hemp products 274,746 3 148,820 1 822,855 3 2,502,750 7 Net Sales 8,691,675 100 13,106,280 100 28,845,623 100 38,090,615 100 For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Location of Sale 2024 2023 2024 2023 Inside of USA 8,691,675 100 13,096,973 100 28,845,623 100 38,056,082 100 Outside of USA - 0 9,307 0 - 0 34,533 0 Net Sales 8,691,675 100 13,106,280 100 28,845,623 100 38,090,615 100 Write-offs of Inventory Lifted's industry, and customer preferences, are constantly and quickly evolving. Consequently, Lifted finds it extremely difficult to predict future sales of its products and to anticipate raw goods needs for future production. This exposes Lifted to the risk that it will need to write off obsolete raw goods, causing an increase in cost of goods sold. During the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, 329,977 and 597,098, respectively, of obsolete and spoiled inventory was written off. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, 1,379,982 and 771,355 of obsolete and spoiled inventory was written off, respectively. Gross Profit Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3,757,895 and 10,696,176, respectively. Gross margin percentage was 43 and 37 , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. In comparison, gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 4,422,003 and 15,706,805, respectively. Gross margin percentage was 34 and 41 , respectively, for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Deferred Contingent Stock During the first quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a net loss after ten straight quarters of profitability, solely because of the impact of a one-time, non-cash stock compensation expense of 2,138,175, which, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 1,663,163 on an after-tax basis. At the closing of the acquisition of Lifted in February 2020, 645,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Company (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients ), as an employee retention incentive. Now that certain conditions and requirements have been met, the Deferred Contingent Stock vested on February 24, 2023, and on this date, in accordance with US GAAP, the Company expensed the value of the vested Deferred Contingent Stock. This one-time, non-cash charge reduced net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from 3,798,530 to 2,135,367. But for this charge, our Company would have reported a basic and fully diluted EPS of 0.26 and 0.25, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Payroll Expenses During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported payroll expenses of 1,360,035 and 4,432,534, respectively. Lifted s former Chief Strategy Officer (the CSO ), who worked for Lifted from July 1, 2021 through April 30, 2024, had been hired to develop and implement certain important strategies to assist Lifted s efforts to increase its production, fulfillment and sales capabilities. The CSO s two-year agreement with Lifted entitled the CSO to be paid an annual salary of 180,000 plus a bonus equal to 5 of total net sales for Lifted in excess of 6,000,000 per quarter. The CSO s final bonus, for April 2024, was 27,941, and was paid in May 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the bonus earned by the CSO was 0 and 191,273, respectively. In comparison, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized 1,710,806 and 5,363,633, respectively, of payroll expenses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the bonus earned by the CSO was 161,533 and 749,397, respectively. During the second half of 2024, Lifted has, and is continuing to, selectively pare its personnel costs in order to increase its profit margins. 9 Table of Contents Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was no reported Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool expense. During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company expensed and paid 233,332 to certain members of the management team of Lifted; however, none of this 233,332 went to GJacobs, WJacobs or NWarrender, and it is accounted for as Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This 233,332, along with the 233,336 Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool expense paid to certain members of the management team of Lifted (again excluding GJacobs, WJacobs or NWarrender) in the fourth quarter of 2022 will be deducted from future company-wide bonus pools on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Advertising and Marketing Expenses Advertising and marketing costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising and marketing expenses primarily consist of trade show expenses, advertising, promotional products and other marketing expenses. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred 470,676 and 184,432 of advertising and marketing expenses, respectively. In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred 837,462 and 663,181 of advertising and marketing expenses, respectively. Bad Debt Expense Bad debt expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 864,345 and 2,304,898, respectively. In comparison, bad debt expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, totaled a net benefit of 82,935 and expense of 138,565, respectively. As described below in ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS, the delay in Lifted s receipt of payments from certain customers primarily distributors have increasingly become an issue for Lifted. Certain customers have become slower to pay Lifted for purchased product Slow Paying Customers ), and the Slow Paying Customers disregard payment terms. Management speculates that some Slow Paying Customers may be slow-paying Lifted because of their own sales collection issues, which may in part be caused by the regulatory uncertainty over our industry. As described above in the Accounts Receivable section under NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES , the Company has an accounting protocol which effectively causes the Company to recognize an allowance for doubtful accounts for all invoices older than 90 days. Consequently, the delay in Lifted s receipt of payments from certain customers has a direct impact on the Company s net receivables, net income, and earnings per share. Collaboration Commission and Royalty Expense For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported collaboration commission and royalty expense of 180,571 and 589,871, respectively. In comparison, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company reported collaboration commission and royalty expense of 846,714 and 846,714, respectively. Other Operating Expenses During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Other Operating Expenses increased to 677,659 from 641,806 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Other Operating Expenses increased to 2,006,623 from 1,968,419 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other Operating Expenses include, for example, lab expenses, office expenses, travel expenses, lobbying expenses, meals and entertainment, insurance expenses and repairs and maintenance expenses. Other Expenses During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, net non-operating Other Expenses of 48,381 primarily consisted of interest expense of 88,293 offset by interest income of 39,213. In comparison, during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, net non-operating net Other Expenses of 80,467 primarily consisted of debt financing expenses of 60,000 and interest expense of 23,986. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net non-operating Other Expenses of 1,539,996 primarily consisted of the 1,349,467 loss related to the termination of the Jeeter collaboration. In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net non-operating Other Expenses of 114,041 primarily consisted of interest expense of 72,537 and debt financing expenses of 60,000. Net Loss During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a net loss of 194,399. In comparison, during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized net income of 617,648. 10 Table of Contents During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a net loss of 1,858,615. In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized net income of 2,135,367. As described above in NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF LFTD PARTNERS INC. , the Business Loan requires that Borrower shall maintain a minimum 1.50x DSCR based on Borrower's annual corporate tax return. The DSCR shall be tested annually, beginning with the 2023 return. The DSCR shall be calculated as EBIDA (earnings before interest, depreciation, and amortization) divided by contractual annual debt service payments. Borrower met the DSCR requirement contained in the Business Loan for the year ended December 31, 2023. Surety Bank has agreed to waive any claim of default based on Borrower 2024 DSCR. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2024, the Company does not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company, including, and without limitation, such considerations as liquidity and capital resources. Critical Accounting Policies Critical accounting policies are discussed in NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the consolidated financial statements accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Tax Provision Please refer to NOTE 13 INCOME TAXES for more information about the Company s tax provision. Other Matters We may be subject to other legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business in addition to the matters discussed above in NOTE 11 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS . We intend to vigorously pursue and defend such litigation. Although the outcome of these other matters is currently not determinable, our management does not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Impact of COVID-19 The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in significant economic disruption to global travel and supply chains, and adversely impacted global commercial activity. Considerable uncertainty still surrounds COVID-19, the evolution and future impact of its variants, its potential long-term economic effects, as well as the effectiveness of any responses taken by government authorities and businesses and of various efforts to inoculate the global population. The travel restrictions, limits on hours of operations and/or closures of non-essential businesses, and other efforts to curb the spread of COVID-19 and its variants have significantly disrupted business activity globally and there is uncertainty as to if and when these disruptions will fully subside or re-emerge. Although our total revenues for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not materially impacted by COVID-19, it is possible that our revenues may be negatively impacted in future periods by COVID-19 and its variants, or by other potential pandemics. The uncertainty related to COVID-19 may also result in increased volatility in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates and assumptions used in our financial statements. We have made some efforts to try to adapt our operations to meet the challenges of this uncertain and rapidly evolving situation, including expanding operations in areas where we perceive government restrictions on business operations are relatively less burdensome, and focusing some of our new product development in areas where we perceive government restrictions and prohibitions on hemp-derived cannabinoid products are relatively less likely. The COVID-19 pandemic and its ramifications, including Illinois Governor Pritzker s Executive Order in response to the pandemic, materially damaged Lifted s business, among other things by disrupting Lifted s access to its employees, suppliers, packaging, distributors and customers. That is why Lifted applied for and received funding under the federal Economic Injury Disaster Loan program and the federal Paycheck Protection Program. Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other potential pandemics that may negatively impact our business in future periods include, but are not limited to: inflation; higher interest rates; disruption of the banking system; disruptions of Lifted s workforce; limitations on the ability of our customers to conduct their business, purchase our products, and make timely payments curtailed consumer spending deferred purchasing decisions supply chain problems and delays, and changes in demand from retail customers. We will continue to actively monitor the nature and extent of the impact to our business, operating results, and financial condition caused by pandemics. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Financial Officer, WJacobs, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports, such as this report, that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, WJacobs concluded that because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. (b) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d - 5(f) as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, an issuer s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by an issuer s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. It includes those policies and procedures that: (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of an issuer; (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements. During September 2024, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 based on the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 was not effective. Management identified the following material weaknesses as of September 30, 2024: 12 Table of Contents (1) There existed a lack of segregation of duties in regard to the Company s financial reporting, procedures for depositing of funds, procedures for cash disbursements, procedures for checkbook entries, period close procedures, and procedures for financial statement preparation. (2) There are not effective policies and procedures in place to provide adequate, independent oversight over financial reporting, timely preparation, and review of accounting records, and there is a lack of segregation of duties. (3) There are insufficient review processes related to the compiling and valuation of inventory. Management is continually working to improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our actions have included the following to improve controls over our financial statement preparation and reporting process: (1) We have enhanced certain resources available within our accounting team. We hired a Chief Financial Officer of Lifted who is specifically responsible for overseeing the financial reporting processes of Lifted. We have also engaged a licensed, external certified public accountant who advises and assists us with various aspects of the financial reporting process, including at our direction, objectively reviewing work product significant to the closing of our financial statements. (2) We have enhanced the use of specialist involvement in complex, non-routine, and technical areas of accounting, valuation, new accounting standards adoption, and tax matters. These specialists include the licensed, external certified public accountant referred to above, a global public accounting and tax firm, and a valuation firm. (3) We are in the process of implementing tools to manage the structure of our financial closing processes. These tools include: (a) formalizing checklists designed to ensure accounting requirements and account reconciliations are completed and (b) formalizing required work instructions for completing and objectively reviewing financial closing work product, account reconciliations and analyses, which includes documenting preparer and reviewer responsibilities and signoffs. (4) We are archiving, in an access-restricted retention domain, documentation critical to supporting our financial reporting, including financial closing work product, account reconciliations and analyses, supporting documents and agreements, accounting technical memoranda, and other documentation supporting complex, non-routine accounting and valuation matters. Starting with the April 2024 expense reports, all LFTD Partners and Lifted employee expense reports are also stored online in this access-restricted retention domain. We have made this documentation transparent and accessible to our registered public accounting firm, other advisers, and to our lead independent director, Vincent J. Mesolella. (5) From time to time, we have engaged a third-party consulting firm with expertise in corporate governance, internal controls, risk management, and assurance. This firm has been engaged to assist management with remediating internal control deficiencies and designing and implementing controls over our financial processes and reporting. (6) Providing copies of LFTD Partners and Lifted s bank statements to Mr. Mesolella. Starting with LFTD Partners April 2024 bank statements, the LFTD Partners bank statements and bank reconciliations are stored online in an access-restricted retention domain, in the same location as where Lifted s bank statements and bank reconciliations are stored. Previously, our Chief Financial Officer, WJacobs, emailed copies of LFTD Partners and Lifted s bank statements to Mr. Mesolella monthly. WJacobs engages with Mr. Mesolella, as needed, to address any questions or concerns. 13 Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, will be or have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company is actively engaged in a comprehensive effort to remediate its material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, but additional work is required, and no guarantee or assurance can be given as to when such work will be completed. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal controls over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Notwithstanding the existence of the material weaknesses as described above, we believe that the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with US GAAP. (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that there were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 14 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Description of Legal Proceedings Lifted currently is involved in four pending lawsuits, two as the plaintiff, and two as the defendant. Please refer to NOTE 11 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for more information. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Risk Factors identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 continue to represent the most significant risks to the Company s future results of operations and financial conditions, without further modification or amendment, except as follows: (1) The visibility and trading volume of our common stock are low, and any material increase in such visibility and trading volume is likely dependent upon our ability to list our common stock on a recognized stock exchange, but our ability to satisfy the listing requirements for a recognized stock exchange cannot be guaranteed or assured. A continued inability to satisfy the listing requirements for a recognized stock exchange could materially adversely affect the visibility, trading volume, and trading price of our common stock. (2) The delay in Lifted s receipt of payments from certain customers primarily distributors have increasingly become an issue for Lifted. Certain customers have become slower to pay Lifted for purchased product Slow Paying Customers ), and the Slow Paying Customers disregard payment terms. Management speculates that some Slow Paying Customers may be slow-paying Lifted because of their own sales collection issues, which may in part be caused by the regulatory uncertainty over our industry. As described above in the Accounts Receivable section under NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES , the Company has an accounting protocol which effectively causes the Company to recognize an allowance for doubtful accounts for all invoices older than 90 days. Consequently, the delay in Lifted s receipt of payments from certain customers has a direct impact on the Company s net receivables, net income, and earnings per share. The foregoing risk may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. (3) Write offs of inventory continue to be significant for Lifted. In the third quarter of 2024, finished goods of 192,264 and raw goods of 137,713 were written off. Because consumers demands change very quickly, Lifted may find it necessary to write off certain raw goods because they will no longer be used in production. Or, if consumers are no longer interested in certain products, and the finished goods are slow-moving, those finished goods are written off. The foregoing risk may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuance of Deferred Contingent Stock At the closing of the acquisition of Lifted, 645,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Company at the closing of the Merger. Now that certain conditions and requirements have been met, starting on February 24, 2023, the deferred contingent stock has begun to be issued to certain recipients of the deferred contingent stock who have instructed the Company to issue to them their respective, earned deferred contingent stock. Through September 30, 2024, 503,000 shares of deferred contingent stock have been issued to certain recipients of deferred contingent stock, including 200,000 shares of deferred contingent stock to WJacobs. See NOTE 9 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY for more information. 15 Table of Contents Lifted Purchase of Assets of Oculus CRS, LLC, and Merger With Oculus CHS Management Corp. On April 28, 2023, Lifted purchased nearly all of the assets (the Purchased Assets of its hemp flower products supplier Oculus CRS, LLC, Aztec, New Mexico. Simultaneously with Lifted s purchase of the Purchased Assets, Lifted executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger Oculus Merger Agreement with Oculus CHS Management Corp. (the Management Corp. ), pursuant to which the Management Corp. was merged with and into Lifted, with Lifted being the surviving corporation in the merger (the Merger ). The only assets of the Management Corp. were multi-year employment contracts with the owners/managers of Oculus, Chase and Hagan Sanchez (the Employment Agreements ). The Merger consideration (the Merger Consideration was paid by Lifted to Chase and Hagan Sanchez in two installments. The first installment of the Merger Consideration was paid by Lifted to Chase and Hagan Sanchez at the closing of the Merger, and consisted of 100 shares of unregistered common stock of LIFD. The second installment of the Merger Consideration was paid by Lifted to Chase and Hagan Sanchez following the first anniversary of the closing of the Merger, which was April 28, 2024. On May 8, 2024, NWarrender, in consultation with WJacobs, made the Determination that the Incremental Pre-Tax Profits were zero dollars 0). Consequently, the second installment of Merger Consideration consists of: (1) Two Hundred Thousand Dollars 200,000) in cash; and (2) One Hundred Sixty Thousand (160,000) newly issued shares of unregistered LIFD Common Stock. On May 13, 2024, the cash component of the second installment of Merger Consideration was paid, and the stock component of the second installment of Merger Consideration was issued. The Company relied on the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for the issuance of the shares of common stock described above. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None; not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None; not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None; not applicable. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. The following Exhibits have been previously filed in the below referenced filings or have been attached hereto, and in any case, as is stated on the cover of this Report, all of the below Exhibits are incorporated herein by reference. 10.53 Compensation Agreement between Acquired Sales Corp., Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. "Jake" Jacobs dated as of June 19, 2019 10.58 Lease Agreement - 5511 95th Avenue, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.61 Lease Agreement - 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.62 Lease Agreement - 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 and 700, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.67 Omnibus Agreement dated December 30, 2021 between LFTD Partners Inc. Nicholas S. Warrender, 95th Holdings, LLC, Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. Jake Jacobs 10.68 Amended Omnibus Agreement dated February 14, 2022 between LFTD Partners Inc. Nicholas S. Warrender, Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. Jake Jacobs 10.69 Lease Agreement - 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.70 Acceleration Agreement 10.71 Commercial Sublease 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, IL 60612 10.72 Lease Agreement - 5732 95th Ave, Suites 200 and 300, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.72.1 Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreement Cali Sweets, LLC 10.73 Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreement Diamond Supply Co. 10.74 Agreement and Plan of Merger - Oculus CHS Management Corp. 10.75 Hagan Sanchez Employment Agreement 10.76 Chase Sanchez Employment Agreement 10.77 Assignment and Assumption of Lease and Landlord Consent and Lease Agreement Aztec New Mexico 10.78 Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Agreement DreamFields Brands Inc. d/b/a Jeeter 10.79 Finders Agreement Florence Mirsky 10.80 Credit Agreement 10.81 Promissory Note 3,000,000 Loan) 10.82 Security Agreement 10.83 Collateral Assignment Agreement 10.84 Pledge Agreement 10.85 Business Loan Agreement 10.86 Promissory Note 910,000 Loan) 10.87 Mortgage 10.88 Assignment of Rents, Leases, and Security Deposits 10.89 Lease of 789 Tech Center Drive, Unit C, Durango, Colorado 81301 10.90 Second Amendment to Lease of 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 and 700, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 10.91 Jeeter Termination Agreement The following exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of principal accounting officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 Press Release dated November 15, 2024 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. LFTD Partners Inc. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs Chief Executive Officer 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lsfp_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 I, Gerard M. Jacobs, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of LFTD Partners Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lsfp_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 I, William C. Jake Jacobs, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of LFTD Partners Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ William C. Jake Jacobs William C. Jake Jacobs Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lsfp_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of LFTD Partners Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Gerard M. Jacobs, Principal Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. November 14, 2024 /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lsfp_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of LFTD Partners Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William C. Jake Jacobs, Principal Accounting Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. November 14, 2024 /s/ William C. Jake Jacobs William C. Jake Jacobs Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 lsfp_ex991.htm
 PRESS RELEASE
 
 lsfp_ex991.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 LFTD Partners Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results JACKSONVILLE, FL / ACCESSWIRE / November 15, 2024 / LFTD Partners Inc. ("LFTD Partners" or the "Company") (OTCQB: LIFD) , the corporate parent of leading hemp, wellness and energy products maker Lifted Made , today reported its financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2024. Financial results are reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and all currency is in U.S. dollars. Income Statement Q3 2024 Compared to Q3 2023: Revenue decreased 34 to 8,691,675, down from 13,106,280 Operating loss was 140,703, compared to income of 659,539 Net loss was 194,399, compared to net income of 617,648 Basic loss per share was 0.01 per share, compared to basic income per share of 0.04 Diluted loss per share was 0.01 per share, compared to diluted income per share of 0.04 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were both 14,822,678 Balance Sheet September 30, 2024 Compared to December 31, 2023: Cash on hand decreased 27 to 3,174,805, down from 4,357,539 Inventory decreased 4 to 9,748,937, down from 10,174,667 Current assets decreased 19 to 17,446,160, down from 21,668,980 Current ratio increased to 2.64 from 2.49 Working capital decreased 16 to 10,848,003, down from 12,982,236 Notes payable to Surety Bank decreased 10 to 3,480,467, down from 3,854,851 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Information: LFTD Partners will host an earnings conference call and webcast today, Friday, November 15, 2024 at 8:30 AM ET. Participant phone numbers: Toll Free: 877-545-0320 International: 973-528-0002 Participant Access Code: 826050 Webcast event link: https://www.webcaster4.com/Webcast/Page/2916/51670 1 The participant phone numbers and webcast event link are shown on the Investor Relations section of LFTD Partners' website at https://www.lftdpartners.com/investors . The webcast replay will also be available on the Investor Relations section of LFTD Partners' website. Although attendees will have the opportunity to submit questions during the earnings conference call, attendees are encouraged to submit questions prior to the call by emailing them to: jakejacobs@lftdpartners.com . About LFTD Partners Inc. Publicly traded LFTD Partners Inc., Jacksonville, FL (OTCQB:LIFD) is the parent corporation of Lifted Made, Kenosha, WI www.Urb.shop ), which manufactures and sells hemp-derived and other psychoactive products under its award-winning Urb brand, hemp-free health and wellness gummies under its Mielos brand, and hemp-free energy gummies under its Rebel brand. Lifted Made is the worldwide, exclusive manufacturer and seller of Diamond Supply Co. www.DiamondSupplyCo.com ), and Cali Sweets hemp-derived products, and is the exclusive manufacturer and seller in the USA of hemp-derived products for a subsidiary of a large, publicly traded US marijuana company. LFTD Partners Inc. also owns 4.99 of hemp-derived beverage and products maker Ablis www.Ablis.shop ), and of craft distillers Bendistillery Inc. d/b/a Crater Lake Spirits www.CraterLakeSpirits.com and Bend Spirits, Inc., all located in Bend, OR. Please read LIFD's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission which fully describe our business and the Risk Factors associated therewith. Stay updated with our company news and product launches by subscribing to our newsletters at www.LFTDPartners.com and at www.Urb.shop . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this document are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such information includes the operations, financing, growth, performance, products, plans and expectations of LFTD Partners Inc. and Lifted Liquids, Inc. d/b/a Lifted Made and d/b/a Urb Finest Flowers. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause or contribute to these companies' actual operations, financing, growth, performance, products, plans or results of these companies differing materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain other factors, including the risk factors set forth in LFTD Partners Inc.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. None of the statements contained herein have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, and none of the products manufactured or sold by Lifted Made are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell common stock or any other securities of LFTD Partners Inc. 2 Contact Information Gerard M. Jacobs Chairman and CEO of LFTD Partners Inc. (847) 915-2446 GerardMJacobs@LFTDPartners.com Nicholas S. Warrender Vice Chairman and COO of LFTD Partners Inc. (224) 577-8148 CEO@urb.shop William C. "Jake" Jacobs President and CFO of LFTD Partners Inc. (847) 400-7660 JakeJacobs@LFTDPartners.com SOURCE: LFTD Partners Inc. 3 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lsfp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lsfp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lsfp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lsfp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

