<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_45876_0000045876-24-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12038197</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132807</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1638218</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5196614</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2437330</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2328620</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000045876-24-000067.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031130859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000045876-24-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENVIRI Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000045876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-SERVICES, NEC [8900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				231483991
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03970
		FILM NUMBER:		241414259

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO LOGAN SQUARE
		STREET 2:		100-120 NORTH 18TH STREET, 17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		267-857-8715

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO LOGAN SQUARE
		STREET 2:		100-120 NORTH 18TH STREET, 17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARSCO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000045876-24-000067.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 nvri-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nvri-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 24, 2024 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 SIGNATURES 
 45 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Defined Terms 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, "Enviri," the "Company," "we," "our," or "us" refers to Enviri Corporation on a consolidated basis. The Company also uses several other terms in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which are further defined below: 
 
 Term Description AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AR Facility Revolving trade receivables securitization facility 
 ASU Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update CE Clean Earth reportable business segment CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA as calculated in accordance with the Company's Credit Agreement. Credit Agreement Credit Agreement governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities DEA United States Drug Enforcement Administration Deutsche Bahn National railway company in Germany DTSC 
 California Department of Toxic Substances Control 
 EBITDA Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ESOL Stericycle Environmental Solutions business FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board HE Harsco Environmental reportable business segment ICMS Type of value-added tax in Brazil IKG The former Harsco Industrial IKG business ISDA International Swaps and Derivatives Association Network Rail Infrastructure manager for most of the railway in the U.K. Term Loan 
 500 million term loan raised in March 2021 under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, maturing on March 10, 2028 OCI Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Performix 
 Performix Metallurgical Additives, LLC, a subsidiary of HE 
 Rail Harsco Rail reportable business segment 
 Reed 
 Reed Minerals, LLC, a subsidiary of HE 
 Revolving Credit Facility Revolving credit facility under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities containing 50.0 million maturing on March 10, 2026 and 625.0 million maturing on September 5, 2029 
 SBB Federal railway system of Switzerland SCE Kingdom of Bahrain's Supreme Council for Environment 
 SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Senior Notes 5.75 Notes due July 31, 2027 Senior Secured Credit Facilities Primary source of borrowings comprised of the Term Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility 
 SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SPE The Company's wholly-owned bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity, which is used in connection with the AR Facility SPRA State Revenue Authorities from the State of S o Paulo, Brazil U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) September 30 2024 December 31 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade accounts receivable, net Other receivables Inventories Current portion of contract assets Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued compensation Income taxes payable Reserve for forward losses on contracts Current portion of advances on contracts Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Retirement plan liabilities Operating lease liabilities Environmental liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock ) ) Total Enviri Corporation stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues from continuing operations: Service revenues Product revenues Total revenues 
 Costs and expenses from continuing operations: Cost of services sold Cost of products sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Property, plant and equipment impairment charge Remeasurement of long-lived assets 
 Gain on sale of businesses, net 
 ) ) Other expense (income), net ) Total costs and expenses Operating income (loss) from continuing operations Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Facility fees and debt-related income (expense) ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension income (expense) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity income ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Equity income (loss) of unconsolidated entities, net ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations: Income (loss) from discontinued businesses ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) from discontinued businesses Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Less: Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Enviri Corporation ) ) ) ) Amounts attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders: Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders: Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders ) ) (a) 
 ) 
 ) Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders: Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders ) ) (a) 
 ) ) 
 
 (a) Does not total due to rounding 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of deferred income taxes of and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedging instruments, net of deferred income taxes of and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Pension liability adjustments, net of deferred income taxes of ) and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of deferred income taxes of ) and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Enviri Corporation ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of deferred income taxes of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedging instruments, net of deferred income taxes of and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Pension liability adjustments, net of deferred income taxes of ) and ) in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of deferred income taxes of ) and ) in 2024 and 2023 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Enviri Corporation ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Deferred income tax (benefit) expense Equity (income) loss of unconsolidated entities, net Dividends from unconsolidated entities Property, plant and equipment impairment charge Remeasurement of long-lived assets 
 Gain on sale of businesses, net 
 ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions of businesses: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Contract assets ) Right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) Accrued interest payable ) ) Accrued compensation ) Advances on contracts ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Retirement plan liabilities, net ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash (used) provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of business, net 
 Proceeds from sales of assets Expenditures for intangible assets ) ) Proceeds from notes receivable Net proceeds (payments) from settlement of foreign currency forward exchange contracts ) Other investing activities, net Net cash used by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Short-term borrowings, net ) Current maturities and long-term debt: Additions Reductions ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Stock-based compensation - Employee taxes paid ) ) Deferred financing costs ) Net cash (used) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, at end of period Supplementary cash flow information: Change in accrual for purchases of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 
 Enviri Corporation Stockholders Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Issued Treasury Total Balances, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income taxes of 
 Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interest ) Vesting of restricted stock units and other stock grants, net shares 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unearned portion of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Balances, March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income taxes of ) 
 ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Vesting of restricted stock units and other stock grants, net shares 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unearned portion of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Balances, June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income taxes of ) 
 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units and other stock grants, net shares 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unearned portion of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Balances, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Enviri Corporation Stockholders Equity (In thousands, except share amounts) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Issued Treasury Total Balances, December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income taxes of ) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Vesting of restricted stock units, net shares 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unearned portion of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Balances, March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income taxes of ) 
 ) ) ) Stock appreciation rights exercised, net shares 
 ) ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units and other stock grants, net shares 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unearned portion of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Balances, June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends declared: Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income taxes of 
 Vesting of restricted stock units and other stock grants, net shares 
 ) ) ) Amortization of unearned portion of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Balances, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 million representing the depreciation and amortization expense that would have been recognized had the assets been continuously classified as held for use. The million reduction to the carrying value of the Rail assets was reported in Remeasurement of long-lived assets in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Other receivables Inventories Current portion of contract assets Prepaid expenses Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income tax assets Other assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued compensation Income taxes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of advances on contracts Reserve for forward losses on contracts Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Product revenues Total revenues Cost of services sold Cost of products sold Total cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Other expense (income), net Total costs and expenses Operating income (loss) from continuing operations ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Defined benefit pension income (expense) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity income ) Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations 
 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 ) 
 
 Harsco Environmental Segment 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Performix Metallurgical Additives, LLC, a subsidiary of HE, for million, subject to normal post-closing adjustments, and recognized a gain on the sale of million (or approximately million after-tax). 
 
 On August 29, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Reed Minerals, LLC, a subsidiary of HE, for million subject to normal post-closing adjustments, and recognized a gain on sale of million (or approximately million after-tax). The most material classes of assets and liabilities on the date of the sale were Trade accounts receivable, net of million, Inventories of million, Property, plant and equipment ("PP E") net of million, Goodwill of million and Accounts payable of million. 
 
 Other 

4. 
 Less: Allowance for expected credit losses ) ) Trade accounts receivable, net Other receivables (a) 
 
 (a) Other receivables include employee receivables, insurance receivable, tax claims and refunds and other miscellaneous items not included in Trade accounts receivable, net. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024, million of the Company's trade accounts receivable were past due by twelve months or more, with million of this amount reserved. 
 
 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility 
 In June 2022, the Company and its SPE entered into an AR Facility with PNC Bank, National Association ("PNC") to accelerate cash flows from trade accounts receivable. On October 1, 2024, the Company renewed the AR Facility for a term expiring in October 2027. The maximum purchase commitment by PNC is million. 
 
 The total outstanding balance of trade receivables that have been sold and derecognized by the SPE is million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The SPE owned million and million of trade receivables as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is included in the caption Trade accounts receivable, net, on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 9, Debt and Credit Agreements, for AR Facility expenses incurred. 
 
 The Company received proceeds of million from the AR Facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. No proceeds were received during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Factoring Arrangements 
 The Company maintains factoring arrangements with a financial institution to sell certain accounts receivable that are also accounted for as a sale of financial assets and accordingly, derecognized from the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Program capacities 
 
 Note Receivable 
 In January 2020, the Company sold IKG for million including cash and a note receivable, subject to post-closing adjustments. The note receivable from the buyer had a face value of million, bearing interest at , that is paid in kind with an original maturity of January 31, 2027. Due to a change in control of the ownership of IKG during the second quarter of 2024, prepayment of the note was required, as defined in the note receivable agreement. As such, the Company received a payment of million in April 2024, resulting in a pre-tax gain of million reflected in the caption Interest income on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of December 31, 2023, the balance was classified as noncurrent and is included in the caption Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at amortized cost. 
 Note receivable, fair value 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Work-in-process Raw materials and purchased parts Stores and supplies Total inventories 

6. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Uncompleted construction Gross property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to abandoned equipment at a customer site of HE China, which is included in the caption Property, plant and equipment impairment charge in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

7. 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating leases Variable and short-term lease expense Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease expense 

8. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 million charge to fully impair the value of a related customer relationship intangible asset. This amount is included in the caption Other expense (income), net on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

9. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility Senior Notes 
 Other financing payable (including finance leases) in varying amounts Total debt obligations Less: deferred financing costs ) ) Total debt obligations, net of deferred financing costs Less: current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 In September 2024, the Company amended its Senior Secured Credit Facilities to, among other things, extend the term of the Revolving Credit Facility to September 5, 2029 and adjust the limit to million. In addition, the Company retained million of its existing revolving commitments which mature on March 10, 2026. The extended Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a rate, depending on total net leverage, ranging from to basis points over base rate or to basis points over SOFR and the existing Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at a rate, depending on total net leverage, ranging from to basis points over base rate or to basis points over SOFR, in each case, subject to floor. The Company expensed million of previously recorded deferred financing costs and capitalized million of fees incurred related to the amendment. 
 
 Also as a result of this amendment, the net debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA ratio covenant is x for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and decreases to x for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, x for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 and x thereafter. The Company's required coverage of consolidated interest charges is set at a minimum of x through the end of 2024 and increases to x beginning with the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, with a total net debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA ratio of x and a total interest coverage ratio of x. The Company believes it will continue to maintain compliance with these covenants based on its current outlook. However, the Company's estimates of compliance with these covenants could change in the future with a deterioration in economic conditions, higher than forecasted interest rates, the timing of working capital including the collection of receivables, an inability to realize increased pricing and implement cost reduction initiatives that mitigate the impacts of inflation and other factors that may adversely impact its compliance with covenants. 
 Facility Fees and Debt-Related Income (Expense)) ) Unused debt commitment and amendment fees ) Securitization and factoring fees ) ) ) ) Facility fees and debt-related income (expense) ) ) ) ) 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Interest costs Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Recognized prior service costs Recognized actuarial losses Defined benefit pension plan net periodic pension cost (benefit) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 Defined Benefit Pension Plans Net Periodic Pension Cost (Benefit) U.S. Plans International Plans (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service costs Interest costs Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Recognized prior service costs Recognized actuarial losses Defined benefit pension plans net periodic pension cost (benefit) 
 
 Cash contributions to U.S. and international defined benefit pension plans totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company's estimate of expected cash contributions to be paid during the remainder of 2024 for the U.S. and international defined benefit pension plans is million and million, respectively. 

11. 
 
 million and million, respectively, compared with million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The income tax expense increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily includes million of tax expense related to the net gain from the Reed sale, the increased disallowed interest expense in the U.S. resulting from reduced income, the withholding tax on cash repatriation in certain foreign jurisdictions, as well as a change in the geographical mix of income, partially offset by the tax benefit resulting from an million additional forward loss provision recorded for Rail's Network Rail contract. The increase in income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily includes million of tax expense related to the net gain from the Reed sale, the increased disallowed interest expense in the U.S. resulting from reduced income, the withholding tax on cash repatriation in certain foreign jurisdictions, as well as a change in the geographical mix of income, partially offset by the net tax benefit resulting from the year-over-year change in the forward loss provision recorded for Rail's Network Rail contract of million and a million valuation allowance for a deferred tax asset in a certain foreign jurisdiction in 2023, not recurring in 2024. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company calculated its quarterly tax provision based on its best estimate of the full year tax rate applicable to the quarter. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the insignificant amount of pre-tax book loss relative to the size of permanent book-tax differences and a varying net income (loss) pattern projected for the year, the Company s tax provision estimate was determined using an actual year-to-date method. 
 
 million and million, respectively, including interest and penalties. Within the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that million in unrecognized income tax benefits will be recognized upon settlement of tax examinations and the expiration of various statutes of limitations. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 
 Long-term environmental liabilities Total environmental liabilities 
 (a) The current portion of environmental liabilities is included in the caption Other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is a defendant or party to various claims and lawsuits, including those discussed below. Unless stated otherwise below, the Company has not determined a loss to be probable or estimable for the legal proceedings. 
 
 In November 2022, the EPA and the Kentucky Department for Environmental Protection (the KDEP conducted an inspection of Clean Earth of Calvert City LLC s facility in Calvert City, KY and alleged several violations for which the EPA proposed a civil penalty of million. On June 30, 2024, the EPA verbally agreed to a settlement involving a combination of civil penalties in the amount of million and a Supplemental Environmental Project estimated to cost approximately million that requires installing a concrete and storm water management system to enhance compliance and protection of the environment. 
 
 On January 27, 2020, the EPA issued a Notice of Potential Liability to the Company, along with several other companies, concerning the Newtown Creek Superfund Site located in Kings and Queens Counties in New York, which alleges certain facilities formerly owned or operated by subsidiaries of the Company may have resulted in the discharge of hazardous substances into Newtown Creek or its Dutch Kills tributary. The site has been subject to CERCLA response activities since approximately 2011. The EPA expects to issue a Record of Decision for the sitewide cleanup plan no sooner than 2028 and announced, in July 2021, that it would defer its decision on a potential early action response for the lower two miles of the Creek until the sitewide studies are completed. On August 28, 2024, the EPA released a proposed plan for clean up of the East Branch portion of Newtown Creek. The Company is one of Potentially Responsible Parties ("PRPs") that have received notices, though it is believed other PRPs may exist. The Company vigorously contests the allegations of this notice and currently does not believe that this matter will have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results from operations. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and other injunctive relief related to the ongoing closure of the hazardous waste facility. A final consent judgment for penalties and permanent injunction was approved and entered by the Court on June 6, 2024. In July 2024, on behalf of itself and the Company, Stericycle paid all fines in this matter. 
 
 The Company has had ongoing meetings with the SCE over processing salt cakes, a processing byproduct, stored at the Al Hafeerah site. The Company s Bahrain operations that produced the salt cakes has ceased operations. An Environmental Impact Assessment and Technical Feasibility Study for facilities to process the salt cakes was approved by the SCE during the first quarter of 2018. Commissioning of the facilities was completed during the third quarter of 2021 and the processing of the salt cakes has commenced. The Company's current reserve of million at September 30, 2024 continues to represent the Company's best estimate of the ultimate costs to be incurred to resolve this matter. The Company continues to evaluate this reserve and any future change in estimated costs which could be material to the Company s results of operations in any one period. 
 
 On July 27, 2018, Brazil s Federal and Rio de Janeiro State Public Prosecution Offices (the "MPF" and "MPE", respectively) filed a Civil Public Action against CSN, one of the Company's customers, the Company s Brazilian subsidiary, the Municipality of Volta Redonda, Brazil, and the Instituto Estadual do Ambiente, the state of Rio de Janeiro's environmental protection agency, seeking the implementation of various measures to limit and reduce the accumulation of customer-owned slag at the site in Brazil. On August 6, 2018, the 3rd Federal Court in Volta Redonda (the "Volta Redonda Court") granted the MPF and MPE an injunction against the defendants requiring, among other things, CSN and the Company s Brazilian subsidiary to limit the volume of slag sent to the site. Because the customer owns the site and the slag located on the site, the Company believes that complying with this injunction is the steel producer s responsibility. Nevertheless, the Volta Redonda Court issued two orders fining the Company and CSN for what it viewed as violations of the injunction. The Company appealed the fines and the underlying injunction and, beginning on March 25, 2022, the Volta Redonda Court entered a series of orders suspending the litigation proceedings and staying any additional fines and interest accruals while the parties discuss a possible resolution to the matter. The aggregate amount of fines levied against the Company, exclusive of interest, is approximately million Brazilian reais (or approximately million as of September 30, 2024), plus interest. On October 5, 2024, the Volta Redonda Court determined that, as of August 1, 2024, the Company was not responsible for complying with the injunction because the Company no longer operates at the site. The Company and the other parties continue to discuss a potential resolution related to the portion of the authorities' claims that allegedly occurred prior to August 1, 2024. The Company does not believe that a loss relating to this matter is probable or estimable at this point. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company received a subpoena and two indictments before the Amsterdam District Court in the Netherlands concerning the Company's operations at a customer site Ijmuiden, Netherlands. The Amsterdam Public Prosecutor s Office ("APPO") issued two indictments against the Company, alleging violations in connection with dust releases and/or events alleged to have occurred in 2018 through May 2020 at the site. The action cited provisions which permit fines for the alleged infractions and sought million in fines with a smaller amount held in abeyance. On February 2, 2022, the APPO announced that it would further investigate residents claims related to this matter. On February 25, 2022, the Amsterdam District Court ruled that the Company was liable for only one alleged violation and that this alleged violation was unintentional. The court issued a fine of thousand, to be held in abeyance. Both the Company and the APPO appealed this ruling. An appellate hearing was held on July 5, 2024, with the APPO seeking million in fines. On July 19, 2024, the Court of Appeals ruled that the Company was liable for two alleged intentional violations and issued a fine of thousand. Both the Company and the APPO have appealed this ruling. The Company is vigorously contesting all allegations against it and is also working with its customer to ensure the control of emissions. The Company has contractual indemnity rights from its customer that it believes will substantially cover any fines or penalties. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million over sixty months, plus interest, in return for a full release from the SPRA as to both claims. Pursuant to our contractual rights, the Company is indemnified by its customer for this amount and the customer is making payments to the government on behalf of the Company. Therefore, the Company has recorded an indemnification receivable from the customer for this amount. 
 On December 30, 2020, the Company received an assessment from the municipal authority in Ipatinga, Brazil alleging million in unpaid service taxes from the period 2015 to 2020. After calculating the interest and penalties accrued, the Company estimates that the current overall potential liability for this case is approximately million. On July 21, 2023, the Company filed the last administrative appeal against the decision that maintained the assessment and a final administrative decision is still pending. Due to the multiple defenses that are available, the Company does not believe a loss is probable. 
 The Company intends to continue its practice of vigorously defending itself against these tax claims under various alternatives, including judicial appeal. The Company will continue to evaluate its potential liability with regard to these claims on a quarterly basis; however, it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of these tax-related disputes in Brazil. loss provision has been recorded in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the disputes described above because the loss contingency is not deemed probable, and the Company does not expect that any costs that are reasonably possible to be incurred by the Company in connection with Brazilian tax disputes would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Asbestos Actions 
 The Company is named as one of many defendants in legal actions in the U.S. alleging personal injury from exposure to airborne asbestos over the past several decades. In their suits, the plaintiffs have named as defendants, among others, many manufacturers, distributors and installers of numerous types of equipment or products that allegedly contained asbestos. 
 At September 30, 2024, there were approximately pending asbestos personal injury actions filed against the Company. The vast majority of these actions were filed in the New York Supreme Court (New York County), of which the majority of such actions were on the Deferred/Inactive Docket created by the New York Supreme Court in December 2002 for all pending and future asbestos actions filed by persons who cannot demonstrate that they have a malignant condition or discernible physical impairment. A relatively small portion of cases are on the Active or In Extremis docket in New York County or on active dockets in other jurisdictions. The complaints in most of those actions generally follow a form that contains a standard demand of significant damages, regardless of the individual plaintiff's alleged medical condition, and without identifying any Company product. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 cases by stipulation or summary judgment prior to trial. 
 It is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of asbestos-related actions in the U.S. due to the unpredictable nature of this litigation, and loss provision has been recorded in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements because a loss contingency is not deemed probable or estimable. Despite this uncertainty, and although results of operations and cash flows for a given period could be adversely affected by asbestos-related actions, the Company does not expect that any costs that are reasonably possible to be incurred by the Company in connection with asbestos litigation would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Other 
 On November 5, 2020, a worker suffered a fatal injury at a site owned by the Company s customer, Gerdau Ameristeel US, Inc. ("Gerdau"), in Midlothian, TX. Although the Company was not directly involved in the accident, the worker was employed by a sub-contractor of a sub-contractor of the Company. On May 11, 2023, the parties completed a formal settlement agreement, settling the claims brought by the worker's family. The Company paid its insurance deductible of million and has recorded an indemnification receivable from Gerdau for the recovery of certain losses based upon the contractual indemnity rights. On August 25, 2023, the Company initiated arbitration proceedings against Gerdau before the American Arbitration Association to enforce its contractual indemnity rights. There can be no assurances that the Company's position will ultimately prevail; however, any financial statement impact is not expected to be material. 
 The Company is subject to various other claims and legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters that arose in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, all such matters are adequately covered by insurance or by established reserves, and, if not so covered, are without merit or are of such kind, or involve such amounts, as would not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
 Insurance liabilities are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred for a particular event and the amount of loss associated with the event can be reasonably estimated. Insurance reserves have been estimated based primarily upon actuarial calculations and reflect the undiscounted estimated liabilities for ultimate losses, including claims incurred but not reported. Inherent in these estimates are assumptions that are based on the Company's history of claims and losses, a detailed analysis of existing claims with respect to potential value, and current legal and legislative trends. If actual claims differ from those projected by management, changes (either increases or decreases) to insurance reserves may be required and would be recorded through income in the period the change was determined. When a recognized liability has been determined to be covered by third-party insurance, the Company records an insurance claim receivable to reflect the covered liability. Insurance claim receivables are included in Other receivables on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under Accrued Insurance and Loss Reserves, for additional information. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 13.) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted Earnings (loss) from continuing operations per common share, attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) 
 
 Stock appreciation rights Performance share units 

14. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Total Liability derivatives (Level 2): Foreign currency exchange forward contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate swaps Other current liabilities Interest rate swaps Other liabilities Total December 31, 2023 Asset derivatives (Level 2): Foreign currency exchange forward contracts Other current assets Interest rate swaps Other current assets Total Liability derivatives (Level 2): Foreign currency exchange forward contracts Other current liabilities Interest rate swaps Other liabilities Total 
 
 All of the Company's derivatives are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at gross amounts and do not offset. All of the Company's interest rate swaps and certain foreign currency exchange forward contracts are transacted under ISDA documentation. Each ISDA master agreement permits the net settlement of amounts owed in the event of default. The Company's derivative assets and liabilities subject to enforceable master netting arrangements, if offset, would have resulted in net liabilities of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in 
 OCI on Derivatives 
 Loss (Gain) Reclassified from AOCI into Income - Effective Portion or Equity Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Foreign currency exchange forward contracts ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) ) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

) ) Interest rate swaps: Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Foreign exchange contracts: Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 (In thousands) Product Revenues Interest Expense Product Revenues Interest Expense Total amounts in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations in which the effects of derivatives designated as hedging instruments are recorded ) ) Interest rate swaps: Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Foreign exchange contracts: Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) ) 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives (a) 
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives (a) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Foreign currency exchange forward contracts Cost of services and products sold ) ) 
 (a) These gains (losses) offset other amounts recognized in cost of services and products sold principally as a result of intercompany or third party foreign currency exposures. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Forward Contracts 
 The Company conducts business in multiple currencies and, accordingly, is subject to the inherent risks associated with foreign exchange rate movements. Foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates existing at the respective consolidated balance sheet dates, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates during the respective periods. 
 
 The Company uses derivative instruments to hedge cash flows related to foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency exchange forward contracts outstanding are part of a worldwide program to minimize foreign currency exchange operating income and balance sheet exposure by offsetting foreign currency exposures of certain future payments between the Company and various subsidiaries, suppliers or customers. The unsecured contracts are with major financial institutions. The Company may be exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the contract counterparties. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the counterparties and does not expect default by them. Foreign currency exchange forward contracts are used to hedge commitments, such as foreign currency debt, firm purchase commitments and foreign currency cash flows for certain export sales transactions. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. These contracts are primarily denominated in British Pound Sterling and Euros and mature through 2027. 
 In addition to foreign currency exchange forward contracts, the Company designates certain loans as hedges of net investments in international subsidiaries. The Company recorded a pre-tax net gain of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a pre-tax net loss of million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and pre-tax net gains of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, in OCI. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps in conjunction with certain variable rate debt issuances in order to secure a fixed interest rate. Changes in the fair value attributed to the effect of the swaps interest spread and changes in the credit worthiness of the counter-parties are recorded in OCI and are reclassified into income as interest payments are made. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, the Company entered into a series of interest rate swaps with a scheduled maturity of December 2025. The swaps have the effect of converting million of the Term Loan from a floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate and are classified as cash flow hedges. The fixed rates provided by these swaps, ranging from to , replace the adjusted SOFR rate in the interest calculation. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company entered into a new series of interest rate swaps that will be in effect upon the maturity of the existing interest rate swaps in December 2025 and will mature in March 2028. These forward swaps will continue to have the same effect of converting million from the Term Loan from a floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate and will be classified as cash flow hedges. These swaps will provide fixed interest rates that range from to and will continue to replace the adjusted SOFR rate in the interest calculation. 
 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 million and million, respectively, compared with a carrying value of million and million, respectively. Fair values for debt are based on pricing models using market-based inputs (Level 2) for similar issues or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 Clean Earth Harsco Rail Total Revenues Operating Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 
 Harsco Environmental Clean Earth Harsco Rail ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) ) Total Operating Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 
 Depreciation Harsco Environmental Clean Earth Harsco Rail Corporate Total Depreciation Amortization Harsco Environmental Clean Earth Harsco Rail Corporate (a) 
 Total Amortization Capital Expenditures Harsco Environmental Clean Earth Harsco Rail Corporate Total Capital Expenditures 
 (a) Amortization expense on Corporate relates to the amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 
 General Corporate expense ) ) ) ) Operating income (loss) from continuing operations Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Facility fees and debt-related income (expense) ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension income (expense) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity income ) ) ) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 
 Western Europe Latin America (b) 
 Asia-Pacific Middle East and Africa Eastern Europe Total Revenues Key Product and Service Groups: Environmental services related to resource recovery for metals manufacturing and related logistical services Ecoproducts Environmental systems for aluminum dross and scrap processing Railway track maintenance equipment After market parts and services; safety and diagnostic technology Railway contracting services Hazardous waste processing solutions Soil and dredged materials processing and reuse solutions Total Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Harsco Environmental 
 Segment 
 Clean Earth Segment Harsco Rail 
 Segment 
 Consolidated Totals Primary Geographical Markets (a) : 
 North America Western Europe Latin America (b) 
 Asia-Pacific Middle East and Africa Eastern Europe Total Revenues 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Ecoproducts Environmental systems for aluminum dross and scrap processing Railway track maintenance equipment After market parts and services; safety and diagnostic technology Railway contracting services Hazardous waste processing solutions Soil and dredged materials processing and reuse solutions Total Revenues 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Harsco Environmental 
 Segment 
 Clean Earth Segment Harsco Rail 
 Segment 
 Consolidated Totals Primary Geographical Markets (a) : 
 North America Western Europe Latin America (b) 
 Asia-Pacific Middle East and Africa Eastern Europe Total Revenues Key Product and Service Groups: Environmental services related to resource recovery for metals manufacturing and related logistical services Ecoproducts Environmental systems for aluminum dross and scrap processing Railway track maintenance equipment After-market parts and services; safety and diagnostic technology 
 Railway contracting services Hazardous waste processing solutions Soil and dredged materials processing and reuse solutions Total Revenues 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Western Europe Latin America (b) 
 Asia-Pacific Middle East and Africa Eastern Europe Total Revenues Key Product and Service Groups: Environmental services related to resource recovery for metals manufacturing and related logistical services Ecoproducts Environmental systems for aluminum dross and scrap processing Railway track maintenance equipment After-market parts and services; safety and diagnostic technology 
 Railway contracting services Hazardous waste processing solutions Soil and dredged materials processing and reuse solutions Total Revenues 
 (a) Revenues are attributed to individual countries based on the location of the facility generating the revenue. 
 (b) Includes Mexico. 
 
 The Company may receive payments in advance of earning revenue (advances on contracts), which are included in Current portion of advances on contracts and Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company may recognize revenue in advance of being able to contractually invoice the customer (contract assets), which is included in Current portion of contract assets and Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Contract assets are transferred to Trade accounts receivable, net, when the right to payment becomes unconditional. Contract assets and advances on contracts are reported as a net position, on a contract-by-contract basis, at the end of each reporting period. These instances are primarily related to Rail. 
 
 The Company had contract assets totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company had advances on contracts totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of revenue related to amounts previously included in advances on contracts. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized revenues of million and million, respectively, related to amounts previously included in advances on contracts. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, HE had remaining, fixed, unsatisfied performance obligations where the expected contract duration exceeds one year totaling million. Of this amount, million is expected to be fulfilled by September 30, 2025, million by September 30, 2026, million by September 30, 2027, million by September 30, 2028 and the remainder thereafter. These amounts exclude any variable fees, fixed fees subject to indexation and any performance obligations expected to be satisfied within one year. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Rail had remaining, fixed, unsatisfied performance obligations where the expected contract duration exceeds one year totaling million. Of this amount, million is expected to be fulfilled by September 30, 2025, million by September 30, 2026, million by September 30, 2027, million by September 30, 2028 and the remainder thereafter. These amounts exclude any variable fees, fixed fees subject to indexation and any performance obligations expected to be satisfied within one year. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million in the third quarter of 2024, primarily related to delays in the estimated delivery of the machines and increased engineering and manufacturing costs primarily as a result of design changes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the forward loss provision totaled million. It is possible there may be additional delays in the project requiring additional costs to be recorded in the future, which could have a material impact on the Company's results in that period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company reversed a portion of its previous estimated loss provision adjustment in the amount of million. The favorable adjustment was the result of an amendment to the contract with Network Rail which extended the delivery schedule for the machines and reduced the estimate of liquidated damages. The majority of the reduction in liquidated damages was recorded as an increase to revenue and contract assets. Partially offsetting this were higher estimated material, engineering and labor costs due to additional experience gained during the manufacturing process. 
 
 For the Deutsche Bahn contract, the Company recorded an additional loss provision of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to supplier price increases, challenges with supplier quality on key components and increased engineering efforts that exceeded previous estimates. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company recorded an additional forward loss provision of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the forward loss provision totaled million. The additional loss provisions were due to increased costs related to a critical supplier that had filed for bankruptcy in 2022 and ceased operations during the second quarter of 2023, as well as an increase in estimated component costs and engineering costs. 
 
 For the SBB contract, during the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a favorable adjustment of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net reduction totaled million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an additional forward loss provision of million due to increased costs related to estimates for material, engineering and commissioning costs for the remaining vehicles. 
 
 The estimated forward loss provisions represent the Company's best estimate based on currently available information. It is possible that the Company's overall estimate of liquidated damages, penalties and costs to complete these contracts may change, which could result in an additional estimated forward loss provision at such time that could be material. The Company will continue to update its estimates to complete these contracts, which will include the effect of negotiations with the customers regarding price increases, change orders and extensions to delivery schedules. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the contracts with Network Rail, Deutsche Bahn and SBB are , and complete, respectively, based on costs incurred. 
 
 The Company provides assurance type warranties primarily for product sales at Rail. These warranties are typically not priced or negotiated separately (there is no option to separately purchase the warranty) or the warranty does not provide customers with a service in addition to the assurance that the product complies with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, such warranties do not represent separate performance obligations. 

17. 
 
 Other costs (income) for exit activities (a) 
 ) Impaired asset write-downs Net gains on sale of assets 
 ) ) ) ) Other Other (income) expenses, net ) (a) The nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a million net gain recognized related to a lease modification that resulted in lease incentive for the Company to relocate an HE site prior to the end of the expected lease term. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 18. ) ) OCI before reclassifications (a) (b) ) (a) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of tax ) Total OCI Less: OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests OCI attributable to Enviri Corporation Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 Components of AOCI, Net of Tax (In thousands) Cumulative Foreign Exchange Translation Adjustments Effective Portion of Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Cumulative Unrecognized Actuarial Losses on Pension Obligations Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Marketable Securities Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) (a) (b) ) (a) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of tax ) Total OCI ) ) ) Less: OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) OCI attributable to Enviri Corporation ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Principally foreign currency fluctuation. 
 (b) Net change from periodic revaluations. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ) Product revenues Interest rate swaps ) ) ) ) Interest expense Total before income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Income taxes Total reclassification of cash flow hedging instruments, net of tax ) ) ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension items (c) : 
 Actuarial losses Defined benefit pension income (expense) Prior service costs Defined benefit pension income (expense) Total before income taxes 
 Income taxes ) ) ) ) Total reclassification of defined benefit pension items, net of tax 
 (c) These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension costs. See Note 10, Employee Benefit Plans, for additional details. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as well as the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company, including the notes thereto, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 which includes additional information about the Company s critical accounting policies, contractual obligations, practices and the transactions that support the financial results, and provides a more comprehensive summary of the Company s outlook, trends and strategies for 2024 and beyond. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The nature of the Company's business, together with the number of countries in which it operates, subject it to changing economic, competitive, regulatory and technological conditions, risks and uncertainties. In accordance with the "safe harbor" provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), the Company provides the following cautionary remarks regarding important factors that, among others, could cause future results to differ materially from the results contemplated by forward-looking statements, including the expectations and assumptions expressed or implied herein. Forward-looking statements contained herein could include, among other things, statements about management's confidence in and strategies for performance; expectations for new and existing products, technologies and opportunities and expectations regarding growth, sales, cash flows, and earnings. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of such terms as "may," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "believe," "likely," "estimate," "outlook," "plan", "contemplate", "project", target" or other comparable terms. 
 Factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 (1) the Company's ability to successfully enter into new contracts and complete new acquisitions, divestitures, or strategic ventures in the time-frame contemplated or at all, including the Company's ability to divest the Rail business in the future; 
 (2) the Company s inability to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations; 
 (3) the Company s inability to obtain, renew, or maintain compliance with its operating permits or license agreements; 
 (4) various economic, business, and regulatory risks associated with the waste management industry; 
 (5) the seasonal nature of the Company's business; 
 (6) risks caused by customer concentration, the long-term nature of customer contracts, and the competitive nature of the industries in which the Company operates; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 (7) the outcome of any disputes with customers, contractors and subcontractors; 
 (8) the financial condition of the Company's customers, including the ability of customers (especially those that may be highly leveraged or have inadequate liquidity) to maintain their credit availability; 
 (9) higher than expected claims under the Company s insurance policies, or losses that are uninsurable or that exceed existing insurance coverage; 
 (10) market and competitive changes, including pricing pressures, market demand and acceptance for new products, services and technologies; changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity and fuel costs and capital costs; 
 (11) the Company's ability to negotiate, complete, and integrate strategic transactions and joint ventures with strategic partners; 
 (12) the Company s ability to effectively retain key management and employees, including due to unanticipated changes to demand for the Company s services, disruptions associated with labor disputes, and increased operating costs associated with union organizations; 
 (13) the Company's inability or failure to protect its intellectual property rights from infringement in one or more of the many countries in which the Company operates; 
 (14) failure to effectively prevent, detect or recover from breaches in the Company's cybersecurity infrastructure; 
 (15) changes in the worldwide business environment in which the Company operates, including changes in general economic and industry conditions and cyclical slowdowns; 
 (16) fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies in which the Company conducts business; 
 (17) unforeseen business disruptions in one or more of the many countries in which the Company operates due to changes in economic conditions, changes in governmental laws and regulations, including environmental, occupational health and safety, tax and import tariff standards and amounts; political instability, civil disobedience, armed hostilities, public health issues or other calamities; 
 (18) liability for and implementation of environmental remediation matters; 
 (19) product liability and warranty claims associated with the Company s operations; 
 (20) the Company s ability to comply with financial covenants and obligations to financial counterparties; 
 (21) the Company s outstanding indebtedness and exposure to derivative financial instruments that may be impacted by, among other factors, changes in interest rates; 
 (22) tax liabilities and changes in tax laws; 
 (23) changes in the performance of equity and bond markets that could affect, among other things, the valuation of the assets in the Company's pension plans and the accounting for pension assets, liabilities and expenses; 
 (24) risk and uncertainty associated with intangible assets; and 
 (25) the other risk factors listed from time to time in the Company's SEC reports. 
 
 A further discussion of these, along with other potential risk factors, can be found in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company cautions that these factors may not be exhaustive and that many of these factors are beyond the Company's ability to control or predict. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. The Company undertakes no duty to update forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Overview 
 
 The Company is a market-leading, global provider of environmental solutions for industrial, retail and medical waste streams. The name and brand identity of Enviri reflect the Company s transformation over the past four years into an environmental solutions company that provides services to manage, recycle and beneficially reuse waste and byproduct materials across many industries. The Company has locations in approximately 30 countries, including the U.S. The Company was incorporated in 1956. 
 
 The Company's operations consist of three reportable segments: Harsco Environmental, Clean Earth and Harsco Rail. HE operates primarily under long-term contracts, providing critical environmental services and material processing to the global steel and metals industries, including zero waste solutions for manufacturing byproducts within the metals industry. CE provides specialty waste processing, treatment, recycling and beneficial reuse solutions for customers in the industrial, retail, healthcare and construction industries across a variety of waste needs, including hazardous, non-hazardous and contaminated soils and dredged materials. Rail is a provider of highly engineered maintenance equipment, after-market parts and safety and diagnostic systems and contracting solutions, which support railroad and transit customers worldwide. 
 
 The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements previously included the operating results of Rail as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of Rail were previously classified as Assets held-for-sale and Liabilities of assets held-for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, since the sales process was paused and the held-for-sale criteria were no longer met as of March 31, 2024, Rail's operating results have been reclassified to continuing operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and its assets and liabilities have been reclassified to held-and-used in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. 
 
 As part of its asset sale goal, the Company completed the sale of Reed on August 29, 2024. Together with the sale of Performix during the second quarter of 2024, the Company has recognized 57.7 million of proceeds from the sale of businesses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Dispositions in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements for more information related to these transactions. 
 
 In September 2024, the Company amended its Senior Secured Credit Facilities to, among other things, extend the term of the Revolving Credit Facility to September 5, 2029, adjust the limit to 625.0 million and increase certain levels of its net debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA ratio. In addition, the Company retained 50.0 million of its existing revolving commitments which mature on March 10, 2026. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Credit Agreements in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements for more information related to this amendment. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company renewed the AR Facility for a three-year term expiring in October 2027. This facility is discussed further in Note 4, Accounts Receivable and Note Receivable in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company maintains a positive long-term outlook across the Company supported by favorable underlying growth characteristics in its businesses and investments by the Company to further supplement growth. The Company's view for 2024 and beyond is supported by the below factors, which should be considered in the context of other risks, trends and strategies in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 HE: 2024 operating results are expected to decrease when compared with 2023 results, as the impact of foreign currency, the sale of certain operating businesses, including Performix and Reed, lower commodity prices and site exits or closures are expected to be only partially offset by higher service pricing, net of inflation, as well as operational improvement initiatives and higher environmental services demand at certain sites, including those linked to growth investments and new contracts. The global steel market has experienced a period of volatility in the recent past due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the resulting energy crisis in Europe, as well as inventory management through the steel industry supply-chain and a change to the economic conditions due to rising interest rates. Underlying business conditions are expected to stabilize in the future and, over the longer term, the Company expects HE to grow as a result of economic growth that supports higher global steel consumption, as well as investments and innovation that support the environmental solutions needs of customers. 
 
 CE: 2024 operating results are anticipated to improve compared to 2023 as a result of higher services pricing, net of inflation, cost and operational improvements and an increase in environmental services demand across certain end-markets. These benefits will be partially offset by certain favorable items, including the settlement of a pricing dispute with a customer, that occurred in 2023 and are not expected to repeat in 2024. Longer-term, the Company expects this segment to benefit from positive underlying market trends, supported by increased environmental regulation, further growth opportunities, lower-than-peer capital requirements and its attractive asset position, as well as from the less cyclical and more recurring nature of this business. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Rail: 2024 operating results, exclusive of the remeasurement of long-lived asset charge and the estimated forward loss provisions for the Network Rail, Deutsche Bahn and SBB contracts, are expected to improve from the prior year, as a result of higher global demand for rail maintenance equipment, technology products and contracted services. These benefits will be partially offset by lower contributions from after-market parts, resulting from lower volumes and a less favorable product mix. More broadly, Rail is supported by a strong backlog and the longer-term outlook for this business remains positive, supported by future infrastructure investments, economic development in emerging economies, rail electrification in certain geographies, safety awareness and automation. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Amounts included in this Part I. Item 2. Results of Operations are rounded in millions and all percentages are calculated on actual amounts. As a result, minor differences may exist due to rounding. 
 
 Segment Results 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in millions, except percentages) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Harsco Environmental 279.1 285.9 871.2 848.7 Clean Earth 236.8 238.7 698.9 691.8 Harsco Rail 57.7 72.4 213.8 226.3 Total Revenues 573.6 597.0 1,783.9 1,766.7 Operating income (loss): Harsco Environmental 33.2 17.9 73.1 52.9 Clean Earth 26.8 21.5 71.3 61.0 Harsco Rail (14.1) (1.0) (26.3) 10.3 Corporate (8.5) (9.6) (23.7) (29.8) Total operating income (loss) 37.4 28.8 94.4 94.4 Operating margin: Harsco Environmental 11.9 6.2 8.4 6.2 Clean Earth 11.3 9.0 10.2 8.8 Harsco Rail (24.4) (1.4) (12.3) 4.5 Consolidated operating margin 6.5 4.8 5.3 5.3 
 
 Harsco Environmental Segment: 
 Significant Effects on Revenues (in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Revenues September 30, 2023 
 285.9 848.7 Net effects of price/volume changes, primarily attributable to volume changes and services mix 
 21.3 61.1 Net impact of new and lost contracts (6.3) 0.4 Impact of divestitures 
 (15.4) (22.6) Impact of foreign currency translation (6.4) (16.4) Revenues September 30, 2024 
 279.1 871.2 
 The following factors contributed to the changes in operating income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Factors Positively Affecting Operating Income: 
 Higher revenues from environmental service contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially due to higher overall service levels at certain sites, as well as revenues from new contracts, when compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher operating costs at certain sites. 
 Net gains of 8.2 million and 10.0 million recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to the divestitures of Reed and Performix. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The prior year's operating income included an impairment charge of 14.1 million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to abandoned equipment at an HE site in China, compared to asset impairment charges totaling 5.3 million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily related to the loss of a customer contract in Europe. 
 An accounts receivable provision of 5.3 million was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to a customer in the Middle East that had idled operations. 
 
 Factors Negatively Impacting Operating Income: 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a 9.8 million net gain related to a lease modification that resulted in a lease incentive for a site relocation in the U.S., offset by relocation costs incurred, which did not repeat in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Higher selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") of 2.5 million and 8.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, including an increase in the provision for expected credit losses of 1.6 million and 2.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which excludes the 5.3 million accounts receivable provision in 2023. 
 The impact of foreign currency translation decreased operating income by 1.4 million and 4.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, when compared to the prior periods. 

Clean Earth Segment: 
 Significant Effects on Revenues (in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Revenues September 30, 2023 
 238.7 691.8 Net effects of price/volume changes, primarily attributable to pricing changes 
 (1.9) 13.1 Impact of pricing settlement (6.0) Revenues September 30, 2024 
 236.8 698.9 
 
 The following factors contributed to the changes in operating income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Factors Positively Affecting Operating Income: 
 Favorable changes in revenues attributable to the hazardous waste business of 1.2 million and 15.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which are primarily related to pricing and mix, including hazardous soil projects, and operational cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by decreased revenues from reduced volumes from certain industries and cost increases as a result of inflation, primarily from labor costs, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Higher volumes processed in the soil and dredged materials business at certain sites, net of lower volumes at certain sites, led to a net increase in operating income of 0.5 million and 2.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 SG A decreased 3.5 million and 0.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the same periods in 2023, mainly as a result of favorable adjustments to the Company's provision for expected credit losses recorded during 2024 and a reserve for a legal settlement in the third quarter of 2023, offset by higher compensation costs and professional fees incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Factors Negatively Impacting Operating Income: 
 The prior year's operating income was impacted by 6.0 million related to the settlement of a pricing dispute over services performed in prior periods in the hazardous waste business recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which did not recur in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Harsco Rail Segment: 
 Significant Effects on Revenue (in millions) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Revenues September 30, 2023 
 72.4 226.3 Net effect of price/volume changes, primarily attributable to volume changes (9.9) 7.5 Change in revenue adjustments as a result of certain estimated forward loss provisions (a) 
 (5.4) (20.4) Impact of foreign currency translation 0.6 0.4 Revenues September 30, 2024 
 57.7 213.8 
 (a) Includes principally Network Rail, Deutsche Bahn and SBB contracts. 
 
 The following factors contributed to the changes in operating income (loss) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Factors Positively Affecting Operating Income: 
 A favorable mix from the sale of rail track maintenance equipment, exclusive of the long-term contracts with Network Rail, Deutsche Bahn and SBB, of 3.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 An increase from the prior year of 3.3 million from railway contracting services during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Favorable mix and volume from the sale of safety and diagnostics technology systems which resulted in an increase of 2.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the same period in 2023. 
 
 Factors Negatively Impacting Operating Income: 
 An unfavorable net change in forward estimated loss provisions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 7.7 million and 24.1 million, respectively, related principally to the Company's long-term contracts with Network Rail, Deutsche Bahn and SBB, when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 16, Revenues in Part I, Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes a charge for the remeasurement of long-lived assets for 10.7 million related to the depreciation and amortization expense that would have been recognized during the periods that Rail's assets were classified as held-for-sale, had the assets been continuously classified as held-for-use. 
 An unfavorable mix of after-market part sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that resulted in a decrease of operating income of 0.4 million and 4.6 million, respectively, when compared to the same periods in the prior year. 
 SG A increased by 1.7 million and 4.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily from higher compensation costs and agent commission fees. 
 
 General Corporate: 
 
 Operating income (loss) from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was also positively impacted by a 3.3 million net gain on sale of assets contributed by Corporate. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Results 
 September 30 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in millions, except per share amounts and percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues 573.6 597.0 1,783.9 1,766.7 Cost of services and products sold 454.7 470.9 1,413.2 1,397.7 Selling, general and administrative expenses 89.2 93.5 266.8 262.2 Research and development expenses 0.9 0.9 2.7 2.4 Property, plant and equipment impairment charge 14.1 Remeasurement of long-lived assets 
 10.7 Gain on sale of businesses, net 
 (8.6) (10.5) Other expense (income), net 2.9 6.6 (4.1) Operating income (loss) from continuing operations 37.4 28.8 94.4 94.4 Interest income 1.0 1.7 6.1 4.8 Interest expense (28.8) (27.6) (84.9) (79.0) Facility fees and debt-related income (expense) (3.0) (2.8) (8.7) (7.9) Defined benefit pension income (expense) (4.3) (5.4) (12.6) (16.2) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity income 2.3 (5.3) (5.6) (3.9) Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations (13.4) (3.5) (31.4) (26.8) Equity income (loss) of unconsolidated entities, net (0.2) (0.1) (0.6) Income (loss) from continuing operations (11.1) (9.0) (37.1) (31.3) Income (loss) from discontinued businesses (1.6) (1.5) (4.3) (4.4) Income tax benefit (expense) related to discontinued operations 0.4 0.4 1.1 1.1 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (1.2) (1.1) (3.2) (3.2) Net income (loss) (12.3) (10.1) (40.2) (34.5) Total other comprehensive income (loss) 8.2 (6.3) (5.7) 15.2 Total comprehensive income (loss) (4.1) (16.4) (45.9) (19.3) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations attributable to Enviri Corporation common stockholders (0.15) (0.12) (0.52) (0.36) Effective income tax rate for continuing operations 583.0 (65.9) (560.0) (696.2) 
 
 Comparative Analysis of Consolidated Results 
 
 Total Revenues 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 23.3 million, or 3.9 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 17.2 million, or 1.0 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currency translation decreased revenues by 5.8 million and 16.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with the same periods in the prior year. Refer to the discussion of segment results above for information pertaining to factors positively affecting and negatively impacting revenues. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Services and Products Sold 
 Cost of services and products sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 16.2 million, or 3.4 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of services and products sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 15.6 million, or 1.1 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The changes in cost of services and products sold were attributable to the following significant items: 
 September 30, 2024 (in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Change in costs due to changes in revenue volume and mix 
 (17.2) 10.1 Changes in costs from depreciation expense 
 3.3 10.4 Impact of foreign currency translation (4.6) (12.4) Other 2.3 7.5 Total change in cost of services and products sold 2024 vs. 2023 
 (16.2) 15.6 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 by 4.3 million, or 4.6 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. The three months ended September 30, 2024 included a 7.4 million decrease in the Company's provision for expected credit losses, mainly driven by HE and CE, partially offset by higher compensation costs of 3.5 million from HE, CE and Rail, when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 SG A for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.6 million, or 1.7 , from September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to higher compensation costs of 7.4 million, contributed mostly by CE, HE and Rail, as well as a 7.1 million increase in professional fees, contributed mainly by CE and Corporate, partially offset by SG A decreases of 7.3 million related to changes in the Company's provision for expected credit losses in CE and HE and a 2.0 million legal settlement related to CE in 2023, not repeated in 2024. 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment Impairment Charge 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 14.1 million in the HE segment. No such charge was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 6, Property, Plant and Equipment in Part I, Financial Statements for further discussion regarding the impairment. 
 
 Remeasurement of Long-Lived Assets 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 10.7 million in depreciation and amortization expense for Rail's property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that were previously classified in Assets held-for-sale and have been reclassified into its respective caption for assets-held-for-use on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. This amount includes all of the depreciation and amortization expense that would have been recognized during the periods that these assets were classified as held-for-sale. 
 
 See Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Dispositions in Part I, Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Businesses, Net 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded net pre-tax gains of 8.6 million and 10.5 million, respectively, related to the dispositions of Reed on August 29, 2024 and Performix on April 1, 2024. See Note 3, Discontinued Operations and Dispositions in Part I, Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Other (Income) Expenses, Net 
 The major components of this Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations caption are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Employee termination benefit costs 1,316 1,210 5,926 1,377 Other (income) costs for exit activities (a) 
 518 1,182 1,405 (6,306) Impaired asset write-downs 753 88 5,365 88 Net gains on sale of assets 
 (2,547) (20) (6,096) (250) Other 405 1,039 Other (income) expenses, net 40 2,865 6,600 (4,052) 
 (a) Included a 9.8 million net gain related to a lease modification that resulted in a lease incentive to the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as discussed above in the HE segment results. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.3 million and 5.9 million, respectively, compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is mainly driven by higher average borrowings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the Company's Senior Secured Credit Facilities and finance leases, when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was 1.0 million and 6.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 1.7 million and 4.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a 2.7 million pre-tax gain recognized from the settlement the Company's note receivable from the buyer of IKG, which was settled in April 2024. No such income was received during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 4, Accounts Receivable and Notes Receivable, in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements for additional details. 
 
 Facility Fees and Debt-Related Income (Expense) 
 The Company recognized facility fee expense mostly related to the Company's AR Facility of 3.0 million and 8.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 2.8 million and 7.9 million recognized during the three and nine months 2023, respectively. See Note 9, Debt and Credit Agreements, in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements. 
 
 Defined Benefit Pension Income (Expense) 
 Defined benefit pension expense was 4.3 million and 5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Defined benefit pension expense was 12.6 million and 16.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This expense decrease is primarily related to a higher expected return on plan assets in the current year, compared to 2023, due to higher plan asset balances at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 13.4 million and 31.4 million, respectively, compared to 3.5 million and 26.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in income tax expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily includes 5.7 million of tax expense related to the net gain from the Reed divestiture, the increased disallowed interest expense in the U.S. resulting from reduced income, the withholding tax on cash repatriation in certain foreign jurisdictions, as well as a change in the geographical mix of income, partially offset by a tax benefit resulting from an 11.2 million additional estimated forward loss provision recorded for Rail's Network Rail contract. 
 
 The income tax expense increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily includes 5.7 million of tax expense related to the net gain from the Reed divestiture, the increased disallowed interest expense in the U.S. resulting from reduced income, the withholding tax on cash repatriation in certain foreign jurisdictions, as well as a change in the geographical mix of income, partially offset by the net tax benefit resulting from the year-over-year change in the forward loss provision recorded for Rail's Network Rail contract of 36.8 million and a 3.7 million valuation allowance for a deferred tax asset in a certain foreign jurisdiction in 2023, not recurring in 2024. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 
 Loss from continuing operations was 11.1 million and 37.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 9.0 million and 31.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The primary drivers for these changes are noted above. 
 
 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Businesses 
 The Company has incurred incremental costs that are directly attributable to retained contingent liabilities of previously disposed businesses and are included in Income (loss) from discontinued businesses. 
 
 Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) was 8.2 million and (5.7) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to other comprehensive income (loss) of (6.3) million and 15.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The primary driver of this change was the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar against certain currencies during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, inclusive of the impact of foreign currency translation of cumulative unrecognized actuarial losses on the Company's pension obligations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The Company currently expects to have sufficient financial liquidity and borrowing capacity to support the strategies within each of its businesses and its current operating and debt service needs. The Company currently expects operational and business needs to be met by cash provided by operations, supplemented with borrowings from time to time, principally under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The Company supplements the cash provided by operations with borrowings from time to time due to historical patterns of seasonal cash flow and the funding of various projects. The Company regularly assesses capital needs in the context of operational trends and strategic initiatives. 
 
 The Company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, are summarized in the following table: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (In millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided (used) by: Operating activities 41.8 46.2 Investing activities (22.2) (78.3) Financing activities (22.4) 49.9 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash (8.6) (4.2) Net change in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash (11.5) 13.6 
 Net cash (used) provided by operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 41.8 million, a decrease in cash flows of 4.4 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of lower cash net income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, offset by a net favorable change in working capital. Favorable working capital changes primarily included the timing of accounts receivable collections and the timing of customer advances related to Rail contracts, partially offset by unfavorable changes principally from increased payments for accrued compensation and increases to contract assets, mainly related to the timing of Rail contracts. 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities Net cash used by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.2 million, a decrease of 56.1 million from the cash used during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The nine months ended September 30, 2024 included total net cash proceeds of 57.7 million from the sales of Performix in April 2024 and Reed in August 2024, increased payments of 5.8 million received from the Company's notes receivable and 10.4 million from the increase in the sale of assets, mainly by HE and Corporate, when compared to the prior year. These cash inflows were offset by increased capital expenditures, principally for CE and Rail, of 8.5 million and for the change in the settlement of foreign currency forward exchange contracts of 8.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Net cash (used) provided by financing activities Net cash used by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.4 million, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 49.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to net repayments of the Company's net borrowings of 2.0 million during the nine months ended 2024, compared to net borrowings of 49.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due principally to the changes in operating and investing activities. Net cash used by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included dividend payments of 16.0 million made to strategic venture partners for HE. 
 
 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash The decrease of 4.4 million is the result of exchange rate fluctuations due to the impact of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against certain currencies, primarily the Egyptian pound, during 2024 on the global cash balances held by the Company in these currencies. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The Company s principal sources of liquidity are cash provided by operations on an annual basis and borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, augmented by cash proceeds from asset sales. In addition, the Company has other bank credit facilities available throughout the world. The Company expects to continue to utilize all of these sources to meet future cash requirements for operations and growth initiatives. 

Summary of Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Notes: 
 (in millions) 
 September 30 2024 December 31 2023 By type: Term Loan 
 483.8 487.5 Revolving Credit Facility 
 437.0 422.0 5.75 Senior Notes 475.0 475.0 Total 
 1,395.8 1,384.5 By classification: Current 5.0 5.0 Long-term 1,390.8 1,379.5 Total 1,395.8 1,384.5 
 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Facility Limit Outstanding Balance Outstanding Letters of Credit Available Credit Revolving credit facility 
 675.0 (a) 
 437.0 29.9 208.1 
 (a) Includes 625.0 million of new revolving credit commitments scheduled to mature on September 5, 2029 under the September 2024 amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, in addition to the 50.0 million retained under the existing revolving credit commitments scheduled to mature on March 10, 2026. Refer to Note 9, Debt and Credit Agreements in Part I, Financial Statements for more information related to this amendment. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 Under the terms of the September 2024 amendment to the Company's Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the net debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA ratio covenant is 4.75x for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and decreases to 4.50x for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, 4.25x for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 and 4.00x thereafter. The Company's required coverage of consolidated interest charges is set at a minimum of 2.75x through the end of 2024 and increases to 3.00x beginning with the first quarter 2025. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants, as the total net debt to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.99x and total interest coverage ratio was 3.15x. Based on balances and covenants in effect at September 30, 2024, the Company could increase net debt by 261.0 million and remain in compliance with these debt covenants. Alternatively, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA could decrease by 43.5 million or interest expense could increase by 15.8 million and the Company would remain in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2024. The Company believes it will continue to maintain compliance with these covenants based on its current outlook. However, the Company s estimates of compliance with these covenants could change in the future with a deterioration in economic conditions, higher than forecasted interest rate increases, the timing of working capital, including the collection of receivables, an inability to successfully realize increased pricing and implement cost reduction initiatives that mitigate the impacts of inflation and other factors that may adversely impact its compliance with covenants. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

AR Facility 
 The Company maintains a revolving trade receivables securitization facility to accelerate cash flows from trade accounts receivable, which was originally scheduled to mature in June 2025. On October 1, 2024, the maturity date was extended for another three-year term through October 2027. Under the AR Facility, the Company and its designated subsidiaries continuously sell their trade receivables as they are originated to the wholly-owned bankruptcy-remote SPE. The SPE transfers ownership and control of qualifying receivables to PNC up to a maximum purchase commitment of 150.0 million. No proceeds were received from the AR Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash Management 
 The Company has various cash management systems throughout the world that centralize cash in various bank accounts where it is economically justifiable and legally permissible to do so. These centralized cash balances are then redeployed to other operations to reduce short-term borrowings and to finance working capital needs or capital expenditures. Due to the transitory nature of cash balances, they are normally invested in bank deposits that can be withdrawn at will or in very liquid short-term bank time deposits and government obligations. The Company's policy is to use the largest banks in the various countries in which the Company operates. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of banks and, when appropriate, will adjust banking operations to reduce or eliminate exposure to less creditworthy banks. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company's consolidated cash and cash equivalents included 106.7 million held by non-U.S. subsidiaries and approximately 7.4 of the Company's consolidated cash and cash equivalents had regulatory restrictions that would preclude the transfer of funds with and among subsidiaries. Non-U.S. subsidiaries also held 28.5 million of cash and cash equivalents in consolidated strategic ventures. The strategic venture agreements may require strategic venture partner approval to transfer funds with and among subsidiaries. While the Company's remaining non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents can be transferred with and among subsidiaries, the majority of these non-U.S. cash balances will be used to support the ongoing working capital needs and continued growth of the Company's non-U.S. operations. 

Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 Information on recently adopted and recently issued accounting standards is included in Note 2, Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Standards, in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risks have not changed significantly from those disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a 15 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based upon that evaluation, such officers concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

42 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information on legal proceedings is included in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The Company's risk factors as of September 30, 2024 have not changed materially from those described in Part 1, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the purchase or sale of securities of the Company, within the meaning of Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference: 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Amendment No. 14 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2024, among Enviri Corporation, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2024. Commission File Number 001-03970). 
 10.2 Omnibus Amendment, dated as of October 1, 2024, including the Third Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, by and among Harsco Receivables LLC, Enviri Corporation, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and as a purchaser; and the Third Amendment to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement, by and among Enviri Corporation, the various entities listed as originators, and Harsco Receivables, LLC. 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer). 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). 
 32 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer). 
 101.Def Definition Linkbase Document 101.Pre Presentation Linkbase Document 101.Lab Labels Linkbase Document 101.Cal Calculation Linkbase Document 101.Sch Schema Document 101.Ins Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish copies of any such schedules and attachments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ENVIRI CORPORATION (Registrant) 
 DATE October 31, 2024 /s/ TOM VADAKETH Tom Vadaketh Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the registrant and as Principal Financial Officer) DATE October 31, 2024 /s/ SAMUEL C. FENICE Samuel C. Fenice Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 45 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 exhibit102omnibusamendment.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT 
 
 This OMNIBUS AMENDMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of October 1, 2024, is the 
 (i) THIRD AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, among HARSCO RECEIVABLES LLC, as seller (the Seller ), ENVIRI CORPORATION (F K A HARSCO CORPORATION), as initial servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and a purchaser and 
 (ii) THIRD AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, among the Servicer, VARIOUS ENTITIES LISTED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO AS ORIGINATORS (each an Originator and collectively, the Originators ), and HARSCO RECEIVABLES LLC, as buyer (in such capacity, the Buyer ). 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including such terms used above) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Receivables Purchase Agreement described below. 
 BACKGROUND 
 A. The Seller, the Servicer, PNC and PNC Capital Markets LLC have entered into that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2022 (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 B. The Servicer, the Originators and the Buyer have entered into that certain Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2022 (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase and Contribution Agreement and together with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Agreements 
 C. Concurrently herewith, Enviri Corporation (f k a Harsco Corporation) Enviri ), as the performance guarantor (in such capacity, the Performance Guarantor ), is entering into that certain Amended and Restated Performance Guaranty, dated as of the date hereof, in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Performance Guaranty 
 D. Concurrently herewith, the parties hereto are entering into an Amended and Restated Purchaser Fee Letter (the Fee Letter , and together with the Performance Guaranty, the Related Agreements ), dated as of the date hereof and 
 E. The parties hereto desire to amend the Agreements, in each case, as set forth herein. 
 771671189 22709974 

AMENDMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to the Receivables Purchase Agreement . The Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of the Receivables Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 2. Amendments to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement . The Purchase and Contribution Agreement is hereby amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of the Purchase and Contribution Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Seller, Servicer, Originators and Buyer . The Seller, Servicer, each of the Originators, and the Buyer each hereby represent and warrant to each of the parties hereto as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the Assignment Agreement, each of the representations and warranties made by it under the applicable Agreements and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (unless stated to relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 
 (b) Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it of this Amendment and the Assignment Agreement, and the performance of its obligations under this Amendment and the Assignment Agreement, the applicable Agreements, as amended hereby, and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, are within its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action on its part. This Amendment, the Assignment Agreement, the applicable Agreements, as amended hereby, and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party are (assuming due authorization and execution by the other parties thereto) are its valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (c) No Default . Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the Assignment Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, no Purchase and Contribution Termination Event, Unmatured Purchase and Contribution Termination Event, Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default exists or shall exist. 
 771671189 22709974 

(d) No Capital Coverage Deficit. No Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to this Amendment, the Assignment Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 
 4. Entire Agreement . Except as otherwise amended hereby, all of the other terms and provisions of each Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect and the Agreements, as amended and supplemented by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. After this Amendment becomes effective, (i) all references in the Receivables Purchase Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to this Agreement , hereof , herein or words of similar effect referring to the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended by this Amendment and (ii) all references in the Purchase and Contribution Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to this Agreement , hereof , herein or words of similar effect referring to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Purchase and Contribution Agreement as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the provisions of the Agreements amended and supplemented hereby and may not be modified except in writing signed by all parties. This Amendment shall not be deemed, either expressly or impliedly, to waive, amend or supplement any provision of either Agreement other than as set forth herein. 
 5. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. The words execution , executed , signed , signature , and words of like import in this Amendment and the other Transaction Documents shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 6. Severability . Any provisions of this Amendment which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 7. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective subject to the conditions precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received the following (or waived the receipt thereof in writing) 
 (a) counterparts to this Amendment and the Related Agreements executed by each of the parties hereto and thereto and 
 771671189 22709974 

(b) confirmation that the Closing Fee (as defined in and owing under the Fee Letter) has been paid in full. 
 8. Governing Law . 
 (a) THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION, THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE INTERESTS OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER IN THE SOLD ASSETS OR SELLER COLLATERAL IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 (b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO (I) WITH RESPECT TO THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER, THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, AND (II) WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, IN EACH CASE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING (I) IF BROUGHT BY THE SELLER, THE SERVICER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, AND (II) IF BROUGHT BY ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, IN EACH CASE, IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. NOTHING IN THIS CLAUSE SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER PURCHASER PARTY TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE SELLER OR THE SERVICER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. EACH OF THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. EACH OF THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SCHEDULE III OF THE RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT. NOTHING IN THIS CLAUSE SHALL 
 771671189 22709974 

AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER PURCHASER PARTY TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT. 
 9. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment, the Agreements or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 Signature pages follow 
 771671189 22709974 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 HARSCO RECEIVABLES LLC, 
 as the Seller and as the Buyer 
 By Name Michael Kolinsky Title Vice President 

ENVIRI CORPORATION , 
 as the Servicer, as an Originator and as the Performance Guarantor By Name Michael Kolinsky Title Vice President - Treasurer, Tax and Real Estate 

HARSCO CLEAN EARTH HOLDINGS, LLC , as an Originator 

By _______________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 21ST CENTURY ENVIRONMENTAL 
 MANAGEMENT OF NEVADA, LLC 
 21ST CENTURY ENVIRONMENTAL 
 MANAGEMENT, LLC OF RHODE ISLAND 
 ADVANCED REMEDIATION & DISPOSAL 
 TECHNOLOGIES OF DELAWARE, LLC 
 AERC ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 ALLIED ENVIRONMENTAL GROUP, LLC 
 ALLWORTH, LLC 
 BURLINGTON ENVIRONMENTAL, LLC 
 CEHI ACQUISITION, LLC 
 771671189 22709974 
 Omnibus Amendment (PNC Harsco) 

CEI HOLDING, LLC 
 CHEMICAL POLLUTION CONTROL OF 
 FLORIDA, LLC 
 CHEMICAL RECLAMATION SERVICES, LLC 
 CHEMICAL POLLUTION CONTROL, LLC OF 
 NEW YORK 
 CLEAN EARTH ENVIRONMENTAL 
 SERVICES, INC. 
 AES ASSET ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 CLEAN EARTH ENVIRONMENTAL 
 SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CLEAN EARTH, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH SPECIALTY WASTE 
 SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CLEAN EARTH OF ALABAMA, INC. 
 CLEAN EARTH OF CARTERET, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH DREDGING TECHNOLOGIES, LLC CLEAN EARTH OF GEORGIA, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF GREATER WASHINGTON, 
 LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF MARYLAND, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF NEW CASTLE, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF NORTH JERSEY, INC. 
 CLEAN EARTH OF PHILADELPHIA, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF SOUTHEAST PENNSYLVANIA, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF SOUTHERN FLORIDA, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF WILLIAMSPORT, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF MICHIGAN, LLC 
 CLEAN ROCK PROPERTIES LTD. 
 ESOL TOPCO LLC 
 GENERAL ENVIRONMENTAL 
 MANAGEMENT OF RANCHO CORDOVA LLC 
 LUNTZ ACQUISITION (DELAWARE), LLC 
 NORTHLAND ENVIRONMENTAL, LLC 
 NORTRU, LLC 
 PHILIP RECLAMATION SERVICES, 
 HOUSTON, LLC 
 PSC ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES LLC 
 PSC RECOVERY SYSTEMS, LLC 
 REAL PROPERTY ACQUISITION LLC 
 REPUBLIC ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING (NEW JERSEY), INC. 
 REPUBLIC ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS 
 771671189 22709974 
 Omnibus Amendment (PNC Harsco) 

(PENNSYLVANIA), LLC 
 REPUBLIC ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS 
 (TRANSPORTATION GROUP), LLC 
 RHO-CHEM, LLC 
 SOLVENT RECOVERY, LLC 
 GARDNER ROAD OIL, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH MOBILE SERVICES, LLC 
 CLEAN EARTH OF PUERTO RICO, LLC 
 ENVIRONMENTAL SOIL MANAGEMENT, 
 INC. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL SOIL MANAGEMENT OF NEW YORK, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MKC ACQUISITION CORPORATION, 
 CLEAN EARTH CORPORATE SERVICES, LLC CLEAN EARTH GOVERNMENT SERVICES, LLC, 
 as Originators 

By _______________________________________ 
 Name Sarah Kowalczyk 
 Title Secretary 

771671189 22709974 
 Omnibus Amendment (PNC Harsco) 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent By Name Title 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Purchaser 
 By Name Title 

771671189 22709974 
 Omnibus Amendment (PNC Harsco) 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nvri-exhibit311x2024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, F. Nicholas Grasberger, III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Enviri Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 31, 2024 s F. NICHOLAS GRASBERGER III F. Nicholas Grasberger III 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nvri-exhibit312x2024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Tom Vadaketh, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Enviri Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 31, 2024 s TOM VADAKETH Tom Vadaketh Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 nvri-exhibit32x2024q3.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 ENVIRI CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Enviri Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 October 31, 2024 
 s F. NICHOLAS GRASBERGER III F. Nicholas Grasberger III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 s TOM VADAKETH Tom Vadaketh Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Enviri Corporation and will be retained by Enviri Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nvri-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nvri-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nvri-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nvri-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nvri-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

