<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1282224_0001079973-24-001559.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7910700</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173361</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1498279</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2462526</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1666504</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1912426</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001559.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114171046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001559
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dolphin Entertainment, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001282224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				860787790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38331
		FILM NUMBER:		241464198

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-774-0407

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOLPHIN DIGITAL MEDIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080818

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOGICA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAXIMUM AWARDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001559.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 dlpn_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding was as of November
11, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 36 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 38 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 38 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 38 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 38 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 38 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 38 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 40 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable: 

Trade, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Other receivables 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Capitalized production costs, net 

Employee receivable 

Right-of-use asset 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Other long-term assets 

Total Assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 

 (Unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 LIABILITIES 

Current 

Accounts payable 

Term loan, current portion 

Notes payable, current portion 

Revolving line of credit 

Accrued interest related party 

Accrued compensation related party 

Lease liability, current portion 

Deferred revenue 

Contingent consideration 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Term loan, noncurrent portion 

Revolving line of credit, noncurrent portion 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes payable 

Convertible note payable at fair value 

Loan from related party 

Lease liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Warrant liability 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock, Series C, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Expenses: 

Direct costs 

Payroll and benefits 

Selling, general and administrative 

Acquisition costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Impairment of notes receivable 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Legal and professional 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expenses) income: 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other (expenses) income, net 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net loss before equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Net loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Share-based consulting fees 

Amortization of capitalized production costs 

Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

Impairment of equity method investment 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of notes receivable 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Impairment of capitalized production costs 

Write-off of debt origination costs 

Allowance for credit losses 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Deferred income tax expense, net 

Debt origination costs amortization 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, trade and other 

Other current assets 

Capitalized production costs 

Other long-term assets and employee receivable 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest related party 

Other current liabilities 

Lease liability, operating leases 

Lease liability, finance leases 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Issuance of notes receivable 

Proceeds from notes receivable repayment 

Acquisition of Elle Communications LLC, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from equity line of credit agreement 

Proceeds from related party loan 

Cash settlement of contingent consideration for Be Social 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from term loan 

Repayment of term loan 

Proceeds from revolving line of credit 

Repayment of revolving line of credit 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Early payment penalty on debt refinancing 

Debt origination costs 

Principal payments on finance leases 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

 (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Settlement of contingent consideration for Be Social in shares of common stock 

Issuance of shares of common stock related to the Elle Communications LLC acquisition 

Settlement of Special Projects working capital adjustment in shares of common stock 

Contingent consideration for Elle Communications, LLC acquisition 

Issuance of shares of common stock for the conversion of two convertible notes payable 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash,
cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the statements of cash flows that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown
in the statements of cash flows: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 (unaudited) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

Share-based compensation 

Issuance of shares related to employment agreements 

Issuance of shares related to services received 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2024 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

Share-based compensation 

Issuance of shares related to Special Projects acquisition 

Issuance of shares related to asset acquisition of GlowLab Collective LLC 

Issuance of shares related to employment agreements 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 

Share-based compensation 

Issuance of shares related to Elle Communications, LLC acquisition 

Issuance of shares related to employment agreements 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 (unaudited) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2023 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

Issuance of shares related to employment agreements 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2023 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

Conversion of convertible note payable 

Issuance of shares related to the Be Social acquisition 

Issuance of shares related to employment agreements 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 

Issuance of shares to Lincoln Park Capital, LLC 

Issuance of shares related to employment agreements 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

(the Reverse Stock Split of the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of the common stock.
The Reverse Stock Split was effective as of 12:01 a.m. (Eastern Time) on October 16, 2024 (the Effective Time ). The par
value per share of common stock remains unchanged. As a result, each shareholder s percentage ownership interest in the Company
and proportional voting power remained unchanged. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the
nearest whole share of common stock. All references to common stock or common stock price in these condensed consolidated financial statements
have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

In June 2022, the Company entered
into an agreement with IMAX Corporation IMAX to co-produce and co-finance a documentary motion picture on the flight demonstration
squadron of the United States Navy called The Blue Angels. On April 25, 2023, IMAX entered into an acquisition agreement with Amazon Content
Services, LLC (the Amazon Agreement for the distribution rights of The Blue Angels. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded net revenues of from the Amazon Agreement upon delivery of
the film to Amazon Content Services LLC, our single performance obligation. Under this arrangement, we acted in the capacity of an agent.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, no revenues were recognized from the content licensing arrangement. 

The revenues recorded by the EPM
and CPD segments is detailed below: 

Content production 

Total Revenues 

Contract Balances 

The opening and closing balances
of our contract liability balances from contracts with customers as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Change 

Contract liabilities are recorded
when the Company receives advance payments from customers for public relations projects or as deposits for promotional or brand-support
video projects. Once the work is performed or the projects are delivered to the customer, the contract liabilities are deemed earned and
recorded as revenue. Advance payments received are generally for short duration and are recognized once the performance obligation of
the contract is met. 

Revenues for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include the following: 

The Company s unsatisfied
performance obligations are for contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less and, as such, the Company is not
required to disclose the remaining performance obligation. 

of goodwill
on its condensed consolidated balance sheet resulting from its acquisitions of 42West, The Door, Special Projects, Shore Fire and
Elle. All the Company s goodwill is related to the entertainment, publicity and marketing segment. 

The
Company evaluates goodwill in the fourth quarter or more frequently if management believes indicators of impairment exist. Such indicators
could include but are not limited to (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, (2) unanticipated competition,
(3) significant decline in market capitalization or (4) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. During the third quarter
of 2024, the Company s stock price declined and this, in combination with recurring net losses, resulted in the Company s
market capitalization to be less than the Company s book value. The Company considered this to be a triggering event, and therefore
performed a quantitative analysis of the fair value of goodwill as of August 31, 2024. As a result of this quantitative analysis, during the third quarter of 2024,
the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill amounting to 6,480,992, which is included in the condensed consolidated statement of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company decided
to close the Viewpoint subsidiary, and therefore the Company impaired goodwill for , which is the balance of goodwill attributable
to Viewpoint immediately prior to the decision to shut down. This impairment is included in the condensed consolidated statement of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Intangible Assets 

Finite-lived intangible assets
consisted of the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Trademarks and trade names 

Non-compete agreements 

Amortization expense associated
with the Company s intangible assets was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively,
and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Amortization expense related to
intangible assets for the remainder of 2024 and thereafter is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

cash and
issued the Elle Seller shares of the Company s common stock. 

The Elle Seller has the right
to earn up to an additional 450,000 consideration (the Contingent Consideration for the acquisition, contingent on achieving
certain financial targets in 2024 as specified in the Elle Purchase Agreement. The Contingent Consideration is payable in cash and the
Company calculated a preliminary fair value for the contingent consideration of . The Company utilized a Monte Carlo Simulation
model to estimate the fair value of the Contingent Consideration, which incorporates significant inputs that are not observable in the
market, and thus represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 320. The unobservable inputs utilized for measuring fair value of
the Contingent Consideration reflects management assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in valuing the Contingent
Consideration. 

As part of the Elle Purchase Agreement, the Company
entered into employment agreements with Danielle Fink and Silvie Snow Thomas, a key employee, each for a period of four years. 

The following table summarizes
the fair value of the consideration transferred: 

Working capital and excess cash adjustment 

Fair value of common stock issued to the Elle Seller 

Contingent consideration 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

The following table summarizes
the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the acquisition of Elle on the Elle Closing Date. Amounts in the table
are estimates that may change, as described below. The measurement period of the acquisition of Elle concludes no later than July 15,
2025. 

Accounts receivable 

Intangibles 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

Special Projects Media LLC

On October 2, 2023, (the Special
Projects Closing Date ), the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Special Projects Media LLC,
a New York limited liability company Special Projects ), pursuant to a membership interest purchase agreement (the Special
Projects Purchase Agreement between the Company and Andrea Oliveri, Nicole Vecchiarelli, Foxglove Corp and Alexandra Alonso Special
Projects Sellers ). Headquartered in New York and Los Angeles, Special Projects is a talent booking and events agency that elevates
media, fashion, and lifestyle brands. 

The total consideration paid
by the Company in connection with the acquisition of Special Projects was approximately 10.4 million, which is subject to
adjustments based on a customary post-closing cash consideration adjustment. On the Special Projects Closing Date, the Company paid
the Special Projects Sellers 
cash and issued the Special Projects Sellers 
shares of the Company s common stock. On May 15, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of the Company s common stock as settlement for the working capital and excess cash adjustment, pursuant to the Special
Projects Purchase Agreement. The Company partially financed the cash portion of the consideration with the BankUnited Loan Agreement
described in Note 7. 

As part of the Special Projects
Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into employment agreements with Andrea Oliveri and Nicole Vecchiarelli, each for a period of four
years. 

The following table summarizes
the final fair value of the consideration transferred, after measurement period adjustments: 

Working capital and excess cash adjustment 

Fair value of common stock issued to the Special Projects Sellers 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

The following table summarizes
the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the acquisition of Special Projects on the Special Projects Closing
Date. The measurement period of the Special Projects acquisition concluded on October 2, 2024. 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Intangibles 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Fair value of the consideration transferred 

(1) 

Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

The following presents the unaudited
pro forma consolidated operations as if Special Projects and Elle had been acquired on January 1, 2023: 

Net Loss 

for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

The impact of the acquisition
of Special Projects and Elle on the Company s actual results for periods following the acquisition may differ significantly from
that reflected in this unaudited pro forma information for several reasons. As a result, this unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily
indicative of what the combined company s financial condition or results of operations would have been had the acquisition been
completed on January 1, 2023, as provided in this pro forma financial information. In addition, the pro forma financial information does
not purport to project the future financial condition and results of operations of the combined company. 

, respectively, each
with a ten percent (10 per annum simple coupon rate, which mature between May 2025 and June 2025. 

On July 15, 2024 and August 9,
2024, Midnight Theatre issued two unsecured convertible promissory notes to the Company with aggregate principals of and ,
respectively, with a ten percent (10 per annum simple coupon rate, with maturity dates of July 15, 2025 and August 9, 2025. During the
three months ended September 30, 2024, Midnight Theatre paid the Company in full the unsecured convertible promissory note. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company determined that the remaining Midnight Theatre unsecured convertible promissory notes Midnight
Theatre Notes had been impaired, resulting from a review of Midnight Theatre s operating results and projections. As a result,
as of September 30, 2024, the Company wrote off all outstanding Midnight Theatre Notes. The write-off amounted to of principal,
which is recorded within write-off of notes receivable in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As a result of the impairment,
the Company did not record any interest income in connection with the Midnight Theatre Notes during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024. 

Accrued audit, legal and other professional fees 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued bonuses 

Talent liability 

Accumulated customer deposits 

Accrued interest 

Other 

Other current liabilities 

Convertible note payable - fair value option 

Non-convertible promissory notes 

Non-convertible promissory notes Socialyte 

Loans from related party 

Revolving line of credit 

Term loan, net of debt issuance costs 

Total debt 

Less current portion of debt 

Noncurrent portion of debt 

The table below details the maturity
dates of the principal amounts for the Company s debt as of September 30, 2024: 

Non-convertible promissory notes 

Non-convertible promissory notes - Socialyte 
 (A) 

Revolving line of credit 

Term loan 

Loans from related party 

(A) 

Convertible Notes Payable 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company has ten convertible notes payable outstanding. The convertible notes payable bear interest at a rate of per annum, with initial
maturity dates ranging between the second anniversary and the sixth anniversary of their respective issuances. The balance of each convertible
note payable and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time at a purchase price based on a 90-day
average closing market price per share of the common stock. Three of the convertible notes payable may not be converted at a price less
than per share, four of the convertible notes payable may not be converted at a price less than 4.00 per share, and three of the
convertible notes payable may not be converted at a price less than per share. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the principal balance of the convertible notes payable of was recorded in noncurrent liabilities under the caption Convertible
notes payable on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to these convertible notes payable of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company
made cash interest payments amounting to and , respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
related to the convertible notes payable. 

Convertible Note Payable at Fair Value 

The Company had one convertible
promissory note outstanding with a principal amount of 500,000 as of September 30, 2024, for which it elected the fair value option.
As such, the estimated fair value of the note was recorded on its issue date. At each balance sheet date, the Company records the fair
value of the convertible promissory note with any changes in the fair value recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company had a balance of 
and in noncurrent liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, on its condensed consolidated balance
sheets related to the convertible promissory note payable measured at fair value. See Note 9 Fair Value Measurements for further
discussion on the valuation of the convertible promissory note payable. 

The Company recorded a loss in
fair value of for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There was change in fair value for the three months ended September
30, 2023. The Company recorded a gain in fair value of and a loss in fair value of for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, on its condensed consolidated statements of operations related to this convertible promissory note payable
at fair value. 

The convertible note payable at
fair value bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum. The Company recorded interest expense related to this convertible note payable at
fair value of for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for both the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023. In addition, the Company made cash interest payments amounting to for both the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, related to the convertible promissory notes at fair value. 

Nonconvertible Promissory Notes 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company has outstanding unsecured nonconvertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of , which bear interest at a rate
of 10 per annum and mature between November 2024 and March 2029. 

As of both September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had a balance of and , respectively, recorded as current liabilities and 
and , respectively, in noncurrent liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance sheets related to these unsecured nonconvertible
promissory notes. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to these nonconvertible promissory notes of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company made interest
payments of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the nonconvertible
promissory notes. 

Nonconvertible Unsecured Promissory Note - Socialyte Promissory Note 

In connection with the purchase
agreement for the acquisition of Socialyte Socialyte Purchase Agreement ), the Company entered into a promissory note with
the sellers of Socialyte the Socialyte Promissory Note amounting to 3,000,000. The Socialyte Promissory Note matured
on September 30, 2023 and was payable in two payments: on June 30, 2023 and on September 30, 2023. The Socialyte
Promissory Note carries an interest of 4 per annum, which accrues monthly, and all accrued interest was to be due and payable on September
30, 2023. 

The Socialyte Purchase Agreement
allows the Company to offset a working capital deficit against the Socialyte Promissory Note. As such, the Company deferred these installment
payments until the final post-closing working capital adjustment is agreed upon with the seller of Socialyte. The Company has filed a
lawsuit against the seller of Socialyte and certain of its principals related to the Socialyte Purchase Agreement. See Note 17. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to this Socialyte Promissory Note of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively,
and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. No interest payments were made during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to the Socialyte Promissory Note. 

BankUnited Loan Agreement 

On September 29, 2023, 

The BKU Term Loan carries a 1.0 
 origination fee and matures in September 2028, the BKU Line of Credit carries an initial origination fee of 0.5 and an 0.25 fee on each
 annual anniversary and matures in September 2026; the BKU Commercial Card does not have any initial or annual fee and matures in September
 2026. The BKU Term Loan has a declining prepayment penalty equal to 5 in year one, 4 in year two, 3 in year three, 2 in year four
 and 1 in year five of the outstanding balance. The BKU Line of Credit and BKU Commercial Card can be repaid without any prepayment penalty. 

Interest on the BKU Term Loan
accrues at 8.10 fixed rate per annum. Principal and interest on the BKU Term Loan shall be payable on a monthly basis based on a 5-year
amortization. Interest on the BKU Line of Credit is payable on a monthly basis, with all principal due at maturity. The BKU Commercial
Card payment is due in full at the end of each bi-weekly billing cycle. 

The BankUnited Loan Agreement
contains financial covenants tested semi-annually on a trailing twelve-month basis that require the Company to maintain a minimum debt
service coverage ratio of 1.25:1.00 and a maximum funded debt/EBITDA ratio of 3.00:1.00. In addition, the BankUnited Loan Agreement contains
a liquidity covenant that requires the Company to hold a cash balance at BankUnited with a daily minimum deposit balance of .
During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid of the line of credit for a period of 30-days in compliance
with the covenants of the line of credit. Once the 30-day period was done, on August 27, 2024, the Company drew from the line
of credit. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company had a balance of 4,755,385 and 5,482,614 of principal outstanding under the BKU Term Loan, respectively, net of
debt issuance costs of 67,290 and 79,907, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a balance of
 400,000 of principal outstanding under the BKU Line of Credit. 

Amortization of debt origination
costs under the BKU Credit Facility is included as a component of interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations
and amounted to approximately 4,206 and 12,617 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not use the BKU Commercial Card. 

that matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. The nonconvertible promissory note was issued to Dolphin
Entertainment, LLC DE LLC ), an entity wholly owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, William O Dowd
(the CEO ). On April 29, 2024 and June 10, 2024, the Company issued two nonconvertible promissory notes to DE LLC in the
amounts of and , respectively, which mature on and , respectively, (collectively, the
DE LLC Notes ). The DE LLC Notes each bear interest at a rate of per annum. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company had an aggregate principal balance of and , respectively, and accrued interest amounted to
 and , respectively, related to the DE LLC Notes. For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
did not repay any principal balance on the DE LLC Notes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made cash interest
payments in the amount of related to the DE LLC Notes. 

On January 16, 2024 and May 28,
2024, the Company issued two nonconvertible promissory notes to Mr. Donald Scott Mock, brother of Mr. O Dowd in the amount of 
and , respectively, and received proceeds of (the Mock Notes ). The Mock Notes bear interest at a rate of
 per annum and mature on and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a principal balance
of , and accrued interest of . The Company did not make cash payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related
to the Mock Notes. 

The Company recorded interest
expense of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the DE LLC Notes and Mock Notes. 

Restricted cash 
 1 

Liabilities: 

Convertible notes payable 
 3 

Convertible note payable at fair value 
 3 

Contingent consideration 
 3 

Warrant liability 
 3 

Convertible notes payable 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company has ten outstanding convertible notes payable with aggregate principal amount of . See Note 8 for further information
on the terms of these convertible notes. 

10 convertible notes due in November 2026 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in December 2026 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in January 2027 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in June 2027 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in August 2027 
 3 

10 convertible notes due in September 2027 
 3 

The estimated fair value of the
convertible notes was computed using a Monte Carlo Simulation, using the following assumptions: 

Minimum Conversion Price 

Annual Asset Volatility Estimate 

Risk Free Discount Rate 
 - 
 - 

Fair Value Option FVO Election
 Convertible note payable and freestanding warrants 

Convertible note payable, at fair value 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had one outstanding convertible note payable with a face value of (the March 4 th Note ),
which is accounted for under the ASC 825-10-15-4 FVO election. Under the FVO election, the financial instrument is initially measured
at its issue-date estimated fair value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period
date. The estimated fair value adjustment is presented as a single line item within other (expenses) income in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations under the caption Change in fair value of convertible note. 

The March 4 th Note
is measured at fair value and categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The following is a reconciliation of the fair values
from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 

Gain on the change in fair value reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations 

Ending fair value balance reported on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 

The estimated fair value of the
March 4 th Note as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was computed using a Black-Scholes simulation of the present
value of its cash flows using a synthetic credit rating analysis and a required rate of return, using the following assumptions: 

Original conversion price 

Value of common stock 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Risk free rate 

Warrant 

In connection with the March 4th
Note, the Company issued the Series I Warrant, which is exercisable for shares. The Series I Warrant is measured at fair value and categorized within
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of the Series I Warrant was nominal as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
The Series I Warrant expire on September 4, 2025. 

in value of its shares of the Company s common stock from time to time over a
36-month period. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company did t sell shares of common stock under the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement. During the nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company sold shares of its common stock at prices ranging between and and received proceeds
of . 

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold and shares of its common stock, respectively, at prices ranging between 
and pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of and , respectively. 

The Company evaluated the contract
that includes the right to require Lincoln Park to purchase shares of its common stock in the future put right considering
the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and concluded that it is an equity-linked contract that does not qualify for equity classification, and therefore requires fair value
accounting. The Company has analyzed the terms of the freestanding put right and has concluded that it has insignificant value as of September
30, 2024. 

Reverse Stock Split 

Effective October 16, 2024, the
Company amended its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to effectuate a 1:2 reverse stock split. All shares and per share
amounts discussed in these condensed consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively adjusted for the reverse stock split. 

Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock 

On November 6, 2024, the Company
received a letter (the Letter from the Listing Qualifications staff (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Staff has determined that the Company violated Nasdaq s voting rights
rule set forth in Listing Rule 5640 (the Voting Rights Rule due to the Company s filing of shareholder-approved amendments
to the Company s articles of incorporation modifying the terms of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series C to increase the number of votes per share of common stock the Series C is convertible into (i) from three votes
per share to five votes per share, filed on September 29, 2022 (the 2022 Amendment and (ii) from five votes per share to
ten votes per share, filed on September 25, 2024 (the 2024 Amendment and, together with the 2022 Amendment, the Amendments ).

On October 31, 2024, the Company
submitted a plan to regain compliance to the Staff in which the Company proposed to amend the Certificate of the Series C to decrease
the voting rights of the Series C to the original voting power of three votes per share of common stock (the Proposed Amendment ).
The Company notified Nasdaq that it plans to call a special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of voting on the Proposed Amendment
and expects to file the Proposed Amendment with the office of the Secretary of the State of Florida on or before February 28, 2025 (the
 Compliance Date ). As such, based on the Company s submission, the Staff notified the Company in the Letter that it
has determined to grant the Company an extension of time to regain compliance with the Voting Rights Rule by obtaining shareholder approval
for the Proposed Amendment and filing the Proposed Amendment with the Secretary of the State of Florida on or before the Compliance Date. 

The Letter has no immediate
impact on the listing of the Company s securities, which will continue to be listed and traded on Nasdaq, subject to the Company s
compliance with the Letter by the Compliance Date. 

Net income attributable to participating securities 

Net loss attributable to Dolphin Entertainment common stock shareholders and numerator for basic loss per share 

Change in fair value of convertible notes payable 

Interest expense 

Numerator for diluted loss per share 

Denominator 

Denominator for basic EPS - weighted-average shares 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Convertible notes payable 

Denominator for diluted EPS - adjusted weighted-average shares 

Basic loss per share 

Diluted loss per share 

Basic (loss) earnings per share
is computed by dividing income or loss attributable to the shareholders of common stock (the numerator) by the weighted-average number
of shares of common stock outstanding (the denominator) for the period. Diluted (loss) earnings per share assume that any dilutive equity
instruments, such as convertible notes payable and warrants were exercised and outstanding common stock adjusted accordingly, if their
effect is dilutive. 

The Company s convertible
note payable at fair value, the warrant and the Series C preferred stock have clauses that entitle the holder to participate if dividends
are declared to the common stockholders as if the instruments had been converted into shares of common stock. As such, the Company uses
the two-class method to compute earnings per share and attribute a portion of the Company s net income to these participating securities.
These securities do not contractually participate in losses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
had a net loss and as such the two-class method is not presented. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, potentially dilutive instruments including shares and shares, respectively, of common stock
issuable upon conversion of convertible notes payable and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant were not included in the diluted loss per
share as inclusion was considered to be antidilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the warrant was not included
in diluted loss per share because the warrant was not in the money . 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, potentially dilutive instruments including shares and shares, respectively, of common stock
issuable upon conversion of convertible notes payable were not included in the diluted loss per share as inclusion was considered to be
antidilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the warrant was not included in diluted loss per
share because the warrant was not in the money . 

signing bonus in 2012, which has not been paid and is recorded in accrued compensation
on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, along with unpaid base salary of in aggregate attributable for the period from
2012 through 2018. Any unpaid and accrued compensation due to the CEO under his employment agreement will accrue interest on the principal
amount at a rate of per annum from the date of his employment agreement until it is paid. Even though the employment agreement expired
and has not been renewed, the Company has an obligation under the agreement to continue to accrue interest on the unpaid balance. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company had accrued of compensation as accrued compensation and has balances of and , respectively,
in accrued interest in current liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance sheets, related to the CEO s employment agreement.
Amounts owed under this arrangement are payable on demand. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to the accrued compensation in the condensed consolidated statements of operations amounting to for both the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not make cash interest payments in connection with the accrued compensation
to the CEO. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made interest payments in the amount of in connection
with the accrued compensation to the CEO. 

The Company entered into several
DE LLC Notes with an entity wholly owned by its CEO and into two Mock Notes with its CEO s brother. See Note 8 for further discussion. 

In connection with the acquisitions
of our wholly owned subsidiaries, the Company assigned of intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, 
of goodwill, and net of impairment of 6,671,557, as of September 30, 2024 to the EPM segment. Equity method investments during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are included within the EPM segment. There were no equity investments during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

CPD 

Total 

Segment Operating Loss: 

EPM 

CPD 

Total operating loss 

Interest expense, net 

Other (expense) income, net 

Loss before income taxes and equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

As of September 30, 2024 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 
 Total assets: 

EPM 

CPD 

Total 

Liabilities 

Current 

Lease liability 

Noncurrent 

Lease liability 

Total operating lease liability 

Liabilities 

Current 

Lease liability 

Noncurrent 

Lease liability 

Total finance lease liability 

The tables below show the lease
income and expenses recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations incurred during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 for operating and financing leases, respectively. 

Sublease income 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net operating lease costs 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

Lease costs 
 
 Classification 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Interest on lease liability 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total finance lease costs 

Lease Payments 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made payments in cash related to its operating leases in the amounts of and , respectively. 

Future minimum lease payments
for leases for the remainder of 2024 and thereafter, were as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company s weighted average remaining lease term on its operating and finance leases is years and years, respectively,
and the Company s weighted average discount rate is and related to its operating and finance leases, respectively. 

from the Amazon Agreement. On February 22, 2024, the Company received 
from the Amazon Agreement upon delivery of the film by IMAX to Amazon Content Services LLC, the Company s single performance
obligation under the Amazon Agreement. On July 9, 2024, the Company received a second installment from IMAX in the amount of . 

shares to be granted under the 2017 Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs to certain employees under the 2017 Plan, as detailed in the table below. During the three months ended September
30, 2024, and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not issue any awards under the 2017 Plan. The fair value
of the RSUs granted is determined using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant, which was 2.88. 

The RSUs granted under the 2017
Plan to the Company s employees vest in four equal installments on the following dates: March 15, 2024, June 15, 2024, September
15, 2024 and December 15, 2024. The Company recognized compensation expense for RSUs of and for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which is included in payroll and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
The related income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was inconsequential. There was no share-based compensation
under the 2017 Plan recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation
expense, net of actual forfeitures, related to RSUs of is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.25 years.
No RSUs vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

The following table sets forth
the activity for the RSUs: 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding (nonvested), September 30, 2024 

26 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

We are a leading independent entertainment
marketing and production company. We were first incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 7, 1995 and domesticated in the State of
Florida on December 4, 2014. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DLPN. 

Through our subsidiaries 42West,
Shore Fire, The Door and Elle, we provide expert strategic marketing and publicity services to many of the top brands, both individual
and corporate, in the entertainment and hospitality industries. 42West (Film and Television, Gaming), Shore Fire (Music), The Door (Culinary,
Hospitality, Lifestyle) and Elle (Impact, Philanthropy, Non-Profit) are each recognized global PR and marketing leaders for the industries
they serve. The Digital Dept. provides influencer marketing capabilities through divisions dedicated to influencer talent management,
brand campaign strategy and execution, and influencer event ideation and production. Special Projects is the entertainment industry s
leading celebrity booking firm, specializing in uniting brands and events with celebrities and influencers across the entertainment, media,
fashion, consumer product and tech industries. Our newly launched talent management firm, Always Alpha, is the first management firm of
its kind, fully focused on women s sports. Dolphin s legacy content production business, founded by our Emmy-nominated Chief
Executive Officer, Bill O Dowd, has produced multiple feature films and award-winning digital series, primarily aimed at family
and young adult markets. 

We have established an acquisition
strategy based on identifying and acquiring companies that complement our existing entertainment publicity and marketing services and
content production businesses. We believe that complementary businesses, such as public relations companies in new and distinct entertainment
verticals, can create synergistic opportunities and bolster profits and cash flow. We completed the acquisition of Special Projects during
2023 and completed the acquisition of Elle Communications, LLC in July of 2024. We will continue to identify potential
acquisition targets but there is no assurance that one will be identified nor that we will be successful in completing the acquisition
if one is identified. 

We have also established an investment
strategy, Ventures or Dolphin 2.0, based upon identifying opportunities to develop internally owned assets,
or acquire ownership stakes in others assets, in the categories of entertainment content, live events and consumer products. We
believe these categories represent the types of assets wherein our expertise and relationships in entertainment marketing most influences
the likelihood of success. We are in various stages of internal development and outside conversations on a wide range of opportunities
within these Ventures. We intend to enter into additional investments during 2024, but there is no assurance that we will be successful
in doing so, whether in 2024 or at all. 

HOW WE ASSESS
THE PERFORMANCE OF OUR BUSINESS 

In assessing the performance of
our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating
performance of our business are revenues, direct costs, payroll and benefits, selling, general and administrative expenses, legal and
professional expenses, other income/expense and net income. Other income/expense consists mainly of interest expense, non-cash changes
in fair value of liabilities, costs directly relating to our acquisitions, and gains or losses on extinguishment of debt and disposal
of fixed assets. 

We operate in two reportable segments:
(i) our entertainment publicity and marketing segment and (ii) our content production segment. The entertainment publicity and marketing
segment is composed of 42West, The Door, Shore Fire, The Digital Dept. Special Projects, Always Alpha and Elle, and provides clients with
diversified services, including public relations, entertainment content marketing, strategic communications, influencer marketing, talent
management, celebrity booking and live event production. The content production segment is composed of Dolphin Films, Inc. Dolphin
Films and Dolphin Digital Studios, which produce and distribute feature films and digital content. 

Entertainment Publicity and Marketing 

Our revenue is directly impacted
by the retention and spending levels of existing clients and by our ability to win new clients. We believe that we have a stable client
base, and we have continued to grow organically through referrals and by actively soliciting new business. We earn revenues primarily
from the following sources: (i) celebrity talent services; (ii) content marketing services under multiyear master service agreements in
exchange for fixed project-based fees; (iii) individual engagements for entertainment content marketing services for durations of generally
between three and six months; (iv) strategic communications services; (v) engagements for marketing of special events such as food and
wine festivals; (vi) engagement for marketing of brands; (vii) arranging strategic marketing agreements between brands and social media
influencers, athletes, broadcasters or celebrities and (viii) curating and booking celebrities for live events For these revenue streams,
we collect fees through either fixed fee monthly retainer agreements, fees based on a percentage of contracts or project-based fees. 

27 

We earn entertainment publicity
and marketing revenues primarily through the following: 

Talent We earn fees from creating and implementing strategic communication campaigns for performers and entertainers, including Oscar, Tony and Emmy winning film, theater and television stars, directors, producers, celebrity chefs and Grammy winning recording artists. Our services in this area include ongoing strategic counsel, media relations, studio and/or network liaison work, and event and tour support. We believe that the proliferation of content, both traditional and on social media, will lead to an increasing number of individuals seeking such services, which will drive growth and revenue in our Talent departments for several years to come. 

Entertainment Marketing and Brand Strategy We earn fees from providing marketing direction, public relations counsel and media strategy for entertainment content (including theatrical films, television programs, DVD and VOD releases, and online series) from virtually all the major studios and streaming services, as well as content producers ranging from individual filmmakers and creative artists to production companies, film financiers, DVD distributors, and other entities. In addition, we provide entertainment marketing services in connection with film festivals, food and wine festivals, awards campaigns, event publicity and red carpet management. As part of our services, we offer marketing and publicity services tailored to reach diverse audiences. We also provide marketing direction targeted to the ideal consumer through a creative public relations and creative brand strategy for hotel and restaurant groups. We expect that increased digital streaming marketing budgets at several large key clients will drive growth of revenue and profit over the next several years. 

Strategic Communications We earn fees by advising companies looking to create, raise or reposition their public profiles, primarily in the entertainment industry. We also help studios and filmmakers deal with controversial movies, as well as high-profile individuals address sensitive situations. We believe that growth in the Strategic Communications division will be driven by increasing demand for these varied services by traditional and non-traditional media clients who are expanding their activities in the content production, branding, and consumer products PR sectors. 

Digital Media Influencer Marketing Campaigns We arrange strategic marketing agreements between brands and social media influencers, athletes, broadcasters and coaches, for both organic and paid campaigns. We also offer services for social media activations at events. Our services extend beyond our own captive influencer network, and we manage custom campaigns targeting specific demographics and locations, from ideation to delivery of results reports. We expect that our relationship with social media influencers will provide us the ability to offer these services to our existing clients in the entertainment and consumer products industries and will be accretive to our revenue. 

Celebrity Booking and Live Event Programming We arrange for brands and events to book celebrity and influencer talent. Our services include the creation of the strategy to elevate the brand or event through celebrity and/or influencer inclusion, to the booking of celebrities and influencers for commercial endorsements or appearances, to the curation of event lists and securing attendance, to the coordination and production of live events. We believe the expansion of brands seeking celebrity and/or influencer endorsements, as well as celebrity and/or influencers to attend brand-sponsored live events, will drive growth and revenue for the next several years. 

Content Production 

Project Development and
Related Services 

We have a team that dedicates
a portion of its time to identifying scripts, story treatments and novels for acquisition, development and production. The scripts can
be for either digital, television or motion picture productions. We have acquired the rights to certain scripts that we intend to produce
and release in the future, subject to obtaining financing. We have not yet determined if these projects would be produced for digital,
television or theatrical distribution. 

We have completed development
of several feature films, which means that we have completed the script and can begin pre-production once financing is obtained. We are
planning to fund these projects through third-party financing arrangements, domestic distribution advances, pre-sales, and location-based
tax credits, and if necessary, sales of our common stock, securities convertible into our common stock, debt securities or a combination
of such financing alternatives; however, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the financing necessary to produce any of
these feature films. 

28 

In June 2022, we entered into an
agreement with IMAX Corporation IMAX to co-produce and co-finance a documentary motion picture on the flight demonstration
squadron of the United States Navy called The Blue Angels. As of September 30, 2024, we had paid 2,250,000 in connection with this agreement.
On April 25, 2023, IMAX entered into an acquisition agreement with Amazon Content Services LLC, (the Amazon Agreement for
the distribution rights of The Blue Angels. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded revenue of 3,421,141 related
to the Amazon Agreement. On February 22, 2024, we received 777,905 from IMAX, as a first installment in connection with the Amazon Agreement
and on July 9, 2024, the Company received the second installment from IMAX in the amount of 2,556,452. 

The Blue Angels documentary
motion picture was released in theatres on May 17, 2024 and began streaming on Amazon Prime Video on May 23, 2024. 

Revenues 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we derived a majority of our revenues from our entertainment publicity and marketing segment. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated income in our content production segment related to the The Blue Angels 
documentary motion picture. 

The table below sets forth the
percentage of total revenue derived from our segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Entertainment publicity and marketing	 
 100 
 100 
 91.3 
 100 
 
 Content production 

8.7 

Total revenue	 
 100 
 100 
 100 
 100 

Expenses 

Our expenses consist primarily
of: 

(1) 
 
 Direct costs includes the amortization of film production costs related to The Blue Angels, using the individual film-forecast-computation method which amortizes film production costs in the same ratio as the current period actual revenue bears to estimated remaining unrecognized ultimate revenue. Direct costs also include certain costs of services, as well as certain production costs, related to our entertainment publicity and marketing business. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Payroll and benefits expenses includes wages, stock-based compensation, payroll taxes and employee benefits. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses includes all overhead costs except for payroll, depreciation and amortization and legal and professional fees that are reported as a separate expense item. 
 
 (4) 
 
 Acquisition costs includes legal, consulting, and audit related fees related to our acquisition. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization includes the depreciation of our property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets and leasehold improvements. 
 
 (6) 
 
 Impairment of goodwill includes an impairment charge related to ceasing operations of Viewpoint and triggering event identified during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 (7) 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets includes an impairment charge as a result of a rebranding of two of our subsidiaries during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 (8) 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable includes the write-off of the notes receivable from Midnight Theatre. Refer to Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 (9) 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration includes changes in the fair value of the contingent earn-out payment obligations for the Company s acquisitions. The fair value of the related contingent consideration is measured at every balance sheet date and any changes recorded on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 (10) 
 
 Legal and professional fees includes fees paid to our attorneys, fees for investor relations consultants, audit and accounting fees and fees for general business consultants. 

Other Income and Expenses 

For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, other income and expenses consisted primarily of: (1) changes in fair value of convertible notes and warrants;
(2) interest income; and (3) interest expense. 

29 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024
as compared to three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenues 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 revenues were as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Entertainment publicity and marketing	 
 12,682,437 
 10,184,511 
 35,946,277 
 31,100,867 
 
 Content production 

3,421,141 

Total revenue	 
 12,682,437 
 10,184,511 
 39,367,418 
 31,100,867 

Revenues from entertainment publicity
and marketing increased by approximately 2.5 million and 4.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively,
as compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily driven by increases
across substantially all subsidiaries, especially 42West as a result of the 2023 Writers Guild of America and the Screen Actors Guild-American
Federation of Television and Radio Arts SAG-AFTRA strikes that ended in September 2023 and November 2023, respectively.
The remaining increase is due to the inclusion of 3.2 million of Special Projects and Elle revenues that were not present in 2023. For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase is primarily driven increases in revenues of 42West of 1.1 million, and the inclusion
of 1.7 million in revenues of Special Projects and Elle that were not present in 2023 offset by a decrease in the revenues of Viewpoint.
The Company decided to cease the operations of Viewpoint during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Revenues from content production
increased by approximately 3.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year,
in connection with revenue generated from The Blue Angels documentary film, which was released in theatres on May 17, 2024. 

Expenses 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, our expenses were as follows: 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Expenses: 

Direct costs 
 254,574 
 185,308 
 2,790,043 
 621,449 
 
 Payroll and benefits 
 9,575,596 
 8,382,659 
 28,344,865 
 26,114,881 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 1,838,765 
 2,150,889 
 5,665,365 
 6,023,954 
 
 Acquisition costs 
 148,798 
 4,666 
 164,044 
 8,823 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 636,782 
 535,740 
 1,745,579 
 1,612,776 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 6,480,992 
 
 6,671,557 
 6,517,400 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 341,417 
 
 341,417 
 
 Impairment of notes receivables 
 1,270,000 
 
 1,270,000 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

33,226 
 
 Legal and professional 
 631,629 
 695,188 
 1,825,588 
 1,955,037 
 
 Total expenses	 
 20,837,136 
 12,295,867 
 48,477,041 
 43,228,963 

Direct costs increased 69.0
thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased 2.2 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in direct costs for
the three months ended September 30, 2023 is attributed to increase in subsidiaries revenues compared to the same period in the
prior year. The increase in direct costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is directly attributable to (i) 1.8 million of
capitalized production costs being amortized for the production of The Blue Angels and (ii) the increase in subsidiaries revenues
as compared with the same period in the prior year. 

Payroll and benefits expenses
increased by approximately 1.2 million and 2.2 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared
to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the inclusion of the Special Projects and Elle payroll expenses
in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased by approximately 0.3 million and 0.4 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024
as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is mainly due to a decrease in office rent expense from
the expiration of one of our New York office leases in August of 2023 and a reduction of bad debt expense due to improvements in collections
of our accounts receivable. 

Acquisition costs for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively, related to our acquisition of Elle on July
15, 2024. Acquisition costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were inconsequential. 

30 

Depreciation and amortization
increased by 0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense are related primarily to the amortization of Special Projects and Elle s
intangibles assets, such as the trade name and customers list, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which were not
present in the same period of the prior year. 

Impairment of goodwill was 6.5
million and 6.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As discussed in Note 3 Goodwill
and Intangibles Assets in the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in the third
quarter of 2024, we performed a quantitative assessment driven by triggering events related to declines in our market capitalization combined
with the lack of positive response from the market to positive information related to future projects. The quantitative assessment resulted
in the impairment of goodwill in the amount of 6.5 million of a few of our reporting units, and 0.2 million impairment of goodwill as
a result of the closure of one of our reporting units. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company impaired 6.5 million
relating to the goodwill allocated to several of our reporting units. 

Impairment of intangible assets
was 0.3 million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As discussed in Note 3 Goodwill and Intangibles
Assets in the condensed consolidated financial statements included above, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the
Company recognized an impairment of the trademarks and trade names of Socialyte and Be Social in connection with the rebranding of both
subsidiaries as the The Digital Dept. . No such impairments were recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024. 

Impairment of notes receivables
was 1.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As discussed in Note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial
statements included above, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined the Midnight Theatre Notes
had been impaired, resulting from a review of Midnight Theatre s operating results and projections. As a result, as of September
30, 2024 the Company impaired all outstanding Midnight Theatre Notes. No such impairments were recorded during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023. 

Change in fair value of the contingent
consideration was 33.2 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and all related to the settlement of the contingent consideration
for the acquisition of Be Social. There were no changes in fair value of contingent consideration for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024, and the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Legal and professional fees remained
consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to same period of the prior year. Legal and professional fees decreased
by 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year, and related to the Company
obtaining a consent from the predecessor auditor for the 2021 audited financial statements that were included by reference in the S-3
registration statement. 

Other Income and Expenses 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Other Income and expenses: 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 (10,000 
 
 55,000 
 (6,444 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants 

5,000 
 5,000 
 
 Interest income 
 3,391 
 104,303 
 9,991 
 309,424 
 
 Interest expense 
 (533,454 
 (604,669 
 (1,559,276 
 (1,413,177 
 
 Total other (expenses) income, net 
 (540,063 
 (500,366 
 (1,489,285 
 (1,105,197 

Change in fair value of convertible
notes We elected the fair value option for one convertible note issued in 2020. The fair value of this convertible note is
remeasured at every balance sheet date and any changes are recorded on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the three
months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a loss in the change in fair value of the convertible note issued in 2020 in the amount of
 10.0 thousand. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, there was no change in fair value. For the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a change in fair value of the convertible note issued in 2020 in the amount of a gain of 55.0 thousand
and a loss of 6.4 thousand, respectively. None of the decrease in the value of the convertible note was attributable to instrument specific
credit risk and as such, all the gain or loss in the change in fair value was recorded within net loss. 

Change in fair value of warrant
 The warrant issued with the convertible note payable at fair value issued in 2020 was initially measured at fair value at
the time of issuance and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date, with changes
in estimated fair value of the warrant liability recognized as other income or expense. The change in fair value of the 2020 warrant
that was not exercised decreased minimally for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Interest income 
Interest income decreased by 0.1 million and 0.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same
periods in the prior year, primarily due to the write-off of notes receivable in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Interest expense 
Interest expense decreased by 71.2 thousand and increased by 0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively,
as compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increases were primarily due to increased related party nonconvertible notes and
the term loan outstanding during 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 

Income Taxes 

We recorded an income tax benefit
of approximately 2.0 thousand and an income tax expense of 44.7 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively,
and approximately 31.1 thousand and 91.2 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which reflects
the accrual of a valuation allowance in connection with the limitations of our indefinite lived tax assets to offset our indefinite lived
tax liabilities. To the extent the tax assets are unable to offset the tax liabilities, we have recorded a deferred expense for the tax
liability (a naked credit ). 

31 

Equity in Losses of Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 Equity in earnings or losses of
 unconsolidated affiliates includes our share of income or losses from equity investments. The Company impaired its equity investment in
 the unconsolidated affiliates during the fourth quarter of 2023. Therefore, no income or loss has been recorded during the three and nine
 months ended September 30, 2024. 

Net Loss 
 
 Net loss was approximately
 8.7 million or 0.80) per share based on 10,930,286 weighted average shares outstanding for both basic loss per share and fully
 diluted loss per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Net loss was approximately 3.9 million or 0.55) per share
 based on 7,060,638 weighted average shares outstanding for both basic loss per share and fully diluted loss per share for the three
 months ended September 30, 2023. The change in net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three
 months ended September 30, 2023, is related to the factors discussed above. 

Net loss was approximately 10.6
million or 1.07) per share based on 9,964,607 weighted average shares outstanding for both basic loss per share and fully diluted loss
per share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net loss was approximately 14.8 million or 2.22) per share based on 6,664,069
weighted average shares outstanding for both basic loss per share and fully diluted loss per share for the nine months ended September
30, 2023. The change in net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
is related to the factors discussed above. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash Flows 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,008,053 
 (4,892,645 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,458,287 
 (21,893 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,490,536 
 7,847,203 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (975,804 
 2,932,665 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 7,560,691 
 7,197,849 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 6,584,887 
 10,130,514 

Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating activities
was 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a change of 3.9 million from cash used in operating activities of 4.9
million for nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash flows from operations was primarily as a result a 4.1 million
of decreased net loss for the period, an increase of 1.0 million non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization, bad debt expense,
share-based compensation, impairment of capitalized production costs, impairment of goodwill and other non-cash losses, which was offset
by 1.3 million net change in working capital. 

Investing Activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2.5 million, mainly related to the net issuance of 1.3 million of notes receivable
to Midnight Theatre, and 1.2 million payment related to the acquisition of Elle, net of cash acquired. There were no significant cash
flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Financing Activities 

Cash flows provided by financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 2.5 million, which mainly related to: 

Inflows: 

2.1 million of proceeds from related party loan. 

1.2 million of proceeds from the Lincoln Park equity line of credit (discussed below). 

Outflows: 

0.7 million of repayment of existing term loan. 

32 

Cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023 were 7.8 million, which mainly related to: 

Inflows: 

5.8 million of proceeds from new term loan. 

2.6 million of proceeds from notes payable. 

1.0 million of proceeds from convertible notes payable. 

2.2 million of proceeds from the Lincoln Park equity line of credit described below. 

Outflows: 

3.0 million of repayment of existing term loan. 

0.5 million of repayment of settlement of cash portion of contingent consideration for Be Social. 

0.1 million of repayment of notes payable. 

0.1 million of payment of debt origination costs. 

0.1 million of early payment penalty of the term loan. 

Debt and Financing Arrangements 

Total debt amounted to 20.7 million
as of September 30, 2024, compared to 19.3 million as of December 31, 2023, an increase of 1.4 million, primarily related to an increase
in related party nonconvertible promissory notes, offset by the repayment of the term loan. 

Our debt obligations in the next
twelve months from September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were approximately 4.9 million. We expect our current cash position, cash
expected to be generated from our operations and other availability of funds, as detailed below, to be sufficient to meet our debt requirements. 

2022 Lincoln Park Transaction 

 On August 10, 2022, the Company
entered into a purchase agreement (the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the LP 2022
Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which the Company could sell and issue to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln
Park was obligated to purchase, up to 25,000,000 in value of its shares of the Company s common stock from time to time over a
36-month period. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company did not sell shares of common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold 475,000 shares
of its common stock, at prices ranging between 2.14 and 3.06 and received proceeds of 1,185,300. 

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold 150,000 and 575,000 shares of its common stock, respectively, at prices ranging between 3.31
and 4.54 pursuant to the LP 2022 Purchase Agreement and received proceeds of 550,850 and 2,162,150, respectively. 

The Company evaluated the contract
that includes the right to require Lincoln Park to purchase shares of its common stock in the future put right considering
the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and concluded that it is an equity-linked contract that does not qualify for equity classification, and therefore requires fair value
accounting. The Company has analyzed the terms of the freestanding put right and has concluded that it has insignificant value as of September
30, 2024. 

Convertible Notes Payable 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company has ten convertible notes payable outstanding. The convertible notes payable bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum, with initial
maturity dates ranging between the second anniversary and the sixth anniversary of their respective issuances. The balance of each convertible
note payable and any accrued interest may be converted at the noteholder s option at any time at a purchase price based on a 90-day
average closing market price per share of the common stock. Three of the convertible notes payable may not be converted at a price less
than 5.00 per share, four of the convertible notes payable may not be converted at a price less than 4.00 per share, and three of the
convertible notes payable may not be converted at a price less than 2.00 per share. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to these convertible notes payable of 127,500 and 128,750 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023,
respectively, and 382,750 and 414,880 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company
made cash interest payments amounting to 382,750 and 413,764 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
related to the convertible notes payable. 

As of both September 30, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, the principal balance of the convertible notes payable of 5,100,000 was recorded in noncurrent liabilities under
the caption Convertible notes payable on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

33 

Convertible Note Payable
at Fair Value 

The Company had one convertible
promissory note outstanding with aggregate principal amount of 500,000 as of September 30, 2024 for which it elected the fair value option.
As such, the estimated fair value of the note was recorded on its issue date. At each balance sheet date, the Company records the fair
value of the convertible promissory note with any changes in the fair value recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company had a balance of 300,000
and 355,000 in noncurrent liabilities as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, on its condensed consolidated balance
sheets related to the convertible promissory note payable measured at fair value. 

The Company recorded a loss in
fair value of 10,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There was no change in fair value for the three months September
30, 2023. A gain in fair value of 55,000 and a loss in fair value of 6,444 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
on its condensed consolidated statements of operations related to this convertible promissory note at fair value. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to this convertible note payable at fair value of 9,863 for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
and 29,589 for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. In addition, the Company made cash interest payments amounting
to 29,589 for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to the convertible note payable at fair value. 

Nonconvertible Promissory
Notes 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company has outstanding unsecured nonconvertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 3,880,000, which bear interest at a rate
of 10 per annum and mature between November 2024 and March 2029. 

As of both September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had a balance of 900,000 and 500,000, respectively, recorded as current liabilities and 2,980,000
and 3,380,000, respectively, in noncurrent liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance sheets related to these unsecured nonconvertible
promissory notes. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to these nonconvertible promissory notes of 97,000 and 93,142 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and 291,000 and 238,195 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company made interest
payments of 291,000 and 215,111 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the nonconvertible
promissory notes. 

Nonconvertible Unsecured Promissory Note - Socialyte
Promissory Note 

In connection with the purchase
agreement for the acquisition of Socialyte Socialyte Purchase Agreement ), the Company entered into a promissory note with
the sellers of Socialyte the Socialyte Promissory Note amounting to 3,000,000. The Socialyte Promissory Note matured
on September 30, 2023 and was payable in two payments: 1,500,000 on June 30, 2023 and 1,500,000 on September 30, 2023. The Socialyte
Promissory Note carries an interest of 4 per annum, which accrues monthly, and all accrued interest was to be due and payable on September
30, 2023. 

The Socialyte Purchase Agreement
allows the Company to offset a working capital deficit against the Socialyte Promissory Note. As such, the Company deferred these installment
payments until the final post-closing working capital adjustment is agreed upon with the seller of Socialyte. The Company has filed a
lawsuit against the seller of Socialyte and certain of its principals related to the Socialyte Purchase Agreement. See Note 17 to the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The Company recorded interest
expense related to this Socialyte Promissory Note of 30,000 and 90,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively
and 30,000 and 95,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. No interest payments were made during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to the Socialyte Promissory Note. 

34 

Nonconvertible Promissory
Note from Related Parties 

The Company issued Dolphin Entertainment,
LLC DE LLC ), an entity wholly owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, William O Dowd (the CEO ),
a nonconvertible promissory note with a principal balance of 1,107,873 which matures on December 31, 2026. On April 29, 2024 and June
10, 2024, the Company issued two nonconvertible promissory notes to DE LLC in the amounts of 1,000,000 and 135,000, respectively, which
mature on April 29, 2029 and June 10, 2029, respectively, (collectively, the DE LLC Notes ). The DE LLC Notes each bear interest
at a rate of 10 per annum. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company had an aggregate principal balance of 2,242,873 and 1,107,873, respectively, and accrued interest amounted to
 207,235 and 277,423, respectively, related to the DE LLC Notes. For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
did not repay any principal balance on the DE LLC Notes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made cash interest
payments in the amount of 200,000 related to the DE LLC Notes. 

On January 16, 2024 and May 28,
2024, the Company issued two nonconvertible promissory notes to Mr. Donald Scott Mock, the brother of Mr. O Dowd, in the amount
of 900,000 and 75,000, respectively, and received proceeds of 975,000 (the Mock Notes ). The Mock Notes bear interest
at a rate of 10 per annum and mature on January 16, 2029 and May 28, 2029, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a
principal balance of 975,000, and accrued interest of 66,042. The Company did not make cash payments during the nine months ended September
30, 2024 related to this loan from related party. 

The Company recorded interest
expense of 80,972 and 27,621 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 195,853 and 82,863 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the DE LLC Notes and Mock Notes. 

BankUnited Loan Agreement 

On September 29, 2023, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with BankUnited BankUnited Loan Agreement ), which includes: (i) 5,800,000 secured term loan BKU Term Loan ), (ii) 750,000 of a secured revolving line of credit BKU Line of Credit ), and (iii) 400,000
Commercial Card BKU Commercial Card ). The BankUnited Loan Agreement refinanced the Company s previous credit facility
with BankProv. 

The BKU Term Loan carries a 1.0 
origination fee and matures in September 2028, the BKU Line of Credit carries an initial origination fee of 0.5 and an 0.25 fee on each
annual anniversary and matures in September 2026; the BKU Commercial Card does not have any initial or annual fee and matures in September
2026. The BKU Term Loan has a declining prepayment penalty equal to 5 in year one, 4 in year two, 3 in year three, 2 in year four
and 1 in year five of the outstanding balance. The BKU Line of Credit and BKU Commercial Card can be repaid without any prepayment penalty. 

Interest on the BKU Term Loan
accrues at 8.10 fixed rate per annum. Principal and interest on the BKU Term Loan shall be payable on a monthly basis based on a 5-year
amortization. Interest on the BKU Line of Credit is payable on a monthly basis, with all principal due at maturity. The BKU Commercial
Card payment is due in full at the end of each bi-weekly billing cycle. 

The BankUnited Loan Agreement
contains financial covenants tested semi-annually on a trailing twelve-month basis that require the Company to maintain a minimum debt
service coverage ratio of 1.25:1.00 and a maximum funded debt/EBITDA ratio of 3.00:1.00. In addition, the BankUnited Loan Agreement contains
a liquidity covenant that requires the Company to hold a cash balance at BankUnited with a daily minimum deposit balance of 1,500,000.
During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid 400,000 of the line of credit for a period of 30-days in compliance
with the covenants of the line of credit. Once the 30-day period was done, on August 27, 2024, the Company drew 400,000 from the line
of credit. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Company had a balance of 4,755,384 and 5,482,614 of principal outstanding under the BKU Term Loan, respectively, net of
debt issuance costs of 67,290 and 79,907, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a balance of
 400,000 of principal outstanding under the BKU Line of Credit. 

Amortization of debt origination
costs under the BKU Credit Facility is included as a component of interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations
and amounted to approximately 4,206 and 12,617 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not use the BKU Commercial Card. 

35 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes,
as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates its
accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience
and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions and conditions. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

An accounting policy is considered
to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time
the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are
reasonably likely to occur, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. 

We
consider the fair value estimates, including those related to acquisitions, valuations of goodwill, intangible assets, acquisition-related
contingent consideration and convertible debt to be the most critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as they
are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and require significant or complex judgment and estimates on the part of management. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For
a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our objectives, plans and strategies, as well as statements, other
than historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or
may occur in the future. These statements are often characterized by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, 
 projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, 
 goal or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements are
based on assumptions and assessments made in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected
and future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which reflect our views only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and we undertake no obligation to update
these forward-looking statements in the future, except as required by applicable law. 

Risks that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements include those described as Risk Factors 
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Report on the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

36 

We carried out an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, which have not been remediated as of the date of the filing of this
report. 

Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

We have begun the process of designing
and implementing effective internal controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material
weaknesses. Our internal control remediation efforts include the following: 

Developing formal policies and procedures over the Company s fraud risk assessment and risk management function; 

Developing policies and procedures to enhance the precision of management review of financial statement information and control impact of changes in the external environment; 

Entering into an agreement with a third-party consultant that assists us in analyzing complex transactions and the appropriate accounting treatment; 

Enhancing our policies, procedures and documentation of period end closing procedures; 

Implementing policies and procedures to enhance independent review and documentation of journal entries, including segregation of duties; and 

Reevaluating our monitoring activities for relevant controls. 

Management is beginning the process
of implementing and monitoring the effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures and controls and will make any further changes
deemed appropriate. Management believes our planned remedial efforts will effectively remediate the identified material weaknesses. As
we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, management may determine it is necessary to
take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine it necessary to modify the remediation plan described above. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal quarter covered by
this report. 

37 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On June 21, 2024, the Company
filed a complaint in Los Angeles County Superior Court against NSL Ventures NSL ), the Socialyte seller, and its principals
alleging that the defendants breached the Socialyte Purchase Agreement and committed acts of fraud and negligence in connection with that
transaction, and that the Company is entitled to monetary damages caused by those acts. On September 16, 2024, the defendants answered
the Complaint with a general denial and affirmative defenses. On September 16, 2024 defendant NSL also filed a Cross-complaint against
the Company and Social Midco, LLC, alleging a single cause of action for breach of contract. The Company and Social Midco answered the
cross-complaint on October 1, 2024. Trial has been scheduled by the Court for February 2026.The Company is not aware of any other pending
litigation as of the date of this report and, therefore, in the opinion of management and based upon the advice of its outside counsels,
the liability, if any, from any other pending litigation is not expected to have a material effect in the Company s financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not required for a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None . 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement , as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of July 15, 2024, by and between Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. and Danielle Finck (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2024) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (incorporating all amendments through October 15, 2024) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Dolphin Digital Media, Inc. dated as of December 3, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 9, 2014) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1# 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2# 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

# 
 Furnished herewith. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized November 14, 2024. 

Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ William O Dowd IV 

Name: William O Dowd IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Mirta A Negrini 

Name: Mirta A Negrini 

Chief Financial Officer 

40 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex3x1.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC.

Exhibit 3.1 

EXHIBIT A 

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 DOLPHIN DIGITAL MEDIA, INC. 

ARTICLE I. 

Name, Principal Place of Business and Registered
Agent and Office 

The name of the Corporation is DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT,
INC . The principal place of business and mailing address of this Corporation shall be 2151 Le Jeune Road, Suite 150-Mezzanine, Coral
Gables, Florida 33134. 

The street address of the registered
office of this Corporation is Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., 2151 Le Jeune Road, Suite 150-Mezzanine, Coral Gables, Florida 33134. The name
of the registered agent of this Corporation at such address is Mirta A. Negrini. 

ARTICLE II. 

Purpose and Powers 

The purpose for which the Corporation is organized
is to engage in or transact any and all lawful activities or business for which a corporation may be incorporated under the laws of the
State of Florida. The Corporation shall have all of the corporate powers enumerated in the Florida Business Corporation Act. 

ARTICLE III. 

Capital Stock 

A. AUTHORIZED SHARES 

The total number of shares of all classes of stock
that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is Four Hundred Ten Million (410,000,000) shares, of which Four Hundred Million
(400,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, par value 0.015 per share Common Stock and Ten Million (10,000,000) shares
shall be Preferred Stock, having a par value of 0.001 per share Preferred Stock ). The Board of Directors is expressly
authorized to provide for the classification and reclassification of any unissued shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock and the issuance
thereof in one or more classes or series without the approval of the shareholders of the Corporation. Of the Preferred Stock, 50,000 shares
have been designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 

 0.001 per share. 

On the close of business on May 10, 2016 (the
 Effective Date ), each twenty (20) shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding or held by the Corporation in treasury
stock immediately prior to the Effective Date, automatically and without any action on the part of the respective holders thereof or
the Corporation, was combined and converted into one (1) share of Common Stock, subject to the treatment of fractional share
interests as described below (the Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional shares of Common Stock were issued in connection
with the Reverse Stock Split. Rather, fractional shares created as a result of the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the next
whole number, such that, in lieu of fractional shares, each shareholder who would have otherwise been entitled to receive a
fractional share of Common Stock as a result of the Reverse Stock Split was instead entitled to receive a whole share of Common
Stock in respect thereof. 

1 

B. PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMMON STOCK 

1. Relative
Rights . The Common Stock shall be subject to all of the rights, privileges, preferences and priorities of the Preferred Stock as set
forth in the certificate of designations filed to establish the respective series of Preferred Stock. Except as provided in this Article
III.B, each share of Common Stock shall have the same relative rights and shall be identical in all respects as to all matters. 

2. Voting
Rights . Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to attend all special and annual meetings of the shareholders of the
Corporation. On all matters upon which shareholders are entitled or permitted to vote, every holder of Common Stock shall be entitled
to cast one (1) vote in person or by proxy for each outstanding share of Common Stock standing in such holder s name on the transfer
books of the Corporation. Holders of Common Stock shall not possess cumulative voting 

rights. Except as otherwise provided in these Articles of Incorporation
or by applicable law, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote subject to any voting rights which may be granted to holders of
Preferred Stock. 

3. Dividends .
Whenever there shall have been paid, or declared and set aside for payment, to the holders of shares of any class of stock having preference
over the Common Stock as to the payment of dividends, the full amount of dividends and of sinking fund or retirement payments, if any,
to which such holders are respectively entitled in preference to the Common Stock, then the holders of record of the Common Stock and
any class or series of stock entitled to participate therewith as to dividends, shall be entitled to receive dividends, when, as, and
if declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets legally available for the payment of dividends thereon. 

4. Dissolution,
Liquidation, Winding Up . In the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary,
the holders of record of the Common Stock then outstanding, and all holders of any class or series of stock entitled to participate therewith,
in whole or in part, as to distribution of assets, shall become entitled to participate equally on a per share basis in the distribution
of any assets of the Corporation remaining after the Corporation shall have paid or provided for payment of all debts and liabilities
of the Corporation, and shall have paid, or set aside for payment, to the holders of any class of stock having preference over the Common
Stock in the event of dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the full preferential amounts (if any) to which they are entitled. 

C. PROVISIONS RELATING TO PREFERRED STOCK 

1. Issuance,
Designations, Powers, etc. The Board of Directors expressly is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by the Florida Business
Corporation Act and the provisions of these Articles of Incorporation, to provide, by resolution for the issuance from time to time of
the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series,
and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and other rights of the shares of each such series and to fix the qualifications, limitations
and restrictions thereon, including, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following: 

2 

(a) The
number of shares constituting that series and the distinctive designation of that series; 

(b) The
dividend rate on the shares of that series, whether dividends shall be cumulative, and, if so, from which date or dates, and the relative
rights of priority, if any, of payment of dividends on shares of that series; 

(c) Whether
that series shall have voting rights, in addition to the voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights; 

(d) Whether
that series shall have conversion privileges, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion, including provision for adjustment
of the conversion rate in such events as the Board of Directors shall determine; 

(e) Whether
or not the shares of that series shall be redeemable, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption, including the dates upon
or after which they shall be redeemable, and the amount per share payable in case of redemption, which amount may vary under different
conditions and at different redemption dates; 

(f) Whether
that series shall have a sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of that series, and, if so, the terms and amount of such
sinking fund; 

(g) The
rights of the shares of that series in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of shares of that series; and 

(h) Any
other relative powers, preferences, and rights of that series, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions on that series. 

2. Dissolution,
Liquidation, Winding Up . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary,
the holders of Preferred Stock of each series shall be entitled to receive only such amount or amounts as shall have been fixed by the
resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series. 

D. PROVISIONS RELATING TO SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

1. Designation;
Amount Limitation of Issuances . There shall be a series of Preferred Stock that shall be designated as Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock , and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 50,000. The number of shares constituting the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided , however ,
that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to less than the number of shares then issued
and outstanding plus the number of shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding rights, options or warrants or upon conversion of outstanding
securities issued by the Corporation. 

The Corporation may issue shares of Class C Preferred
Stock only to an Eligible Class C Preferred Stock Holder, who may transfer such shares only to another Eligible Class C Preferred Stock
Holder. 

2.
 Definitions . 

Unless the context otherwise requires, each of the
terms defined in this Section 2 shall have, for all purposes of this Certificate of Designation, the meaning herein specified (with terms
defined in the singular having comparable meanings when used in the plural): 

3 

Articles of Incorporation 
means the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on the date of this Certificate of Designation. 

Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

Business Day means
a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to
close. 

By-Laws means the
Corporation s By-Laws, as amended, as in effect on the date of this Certificate of Designation. 

Capital Stock means
any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents in the equity interest (however designated) in the Corporation. 

Common Share Equivalents 
means securities, options, warrants, derivatives, debt instruments or other rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for,
or entitling the holder thereof to receive directly or indirectly, Common Stock. 

Common Stock means
the common stock, 0.015 par value per share, of the Corporation or any other Capital Stock into which such shares of common stock shall
be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock Transfer Agent has the meaning set forth in
Section 6(c) hereof. Conversion Number has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) hereof. Conversion Shares 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) hereof. 

Converted Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)
hereof. Converting Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 6(c) hereof. 

Corporation s Organizational
Documents means the Articles of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designations, any other certificate of designations issued pursuant
to the Articles of Incorporation, and the By-Laws. 

Dilutive Issuance has the meaning set forth in Section 6(i)
hereof. 

Eligible Class C Preferred
Stock Holder means any of (i) Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., for so long as William O Dowd continues to beneficially own at
least 90 and serves at the board of directors or other governing entity, (ii) any other entity that William O Dowd beneficially
owns more than 90 , or a trust for the benefit of others, for which William O Dowd serves as trustee and (iii) William O Dowd
individually. 

Holders means the
record holders of the shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, as shown on the books and records of the Corporation. 

Junior Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof. 

Liquidation
Event means (i) any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, (ii) the consummation
of a merger or consolidation in which the shareholders of the Corporation prior to such transaction own less than a majority of the
voting securities of the entity surviving such transaction, or (iii) the sale, distribution or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the Corporation s assets. 

4 

Liquidation Preference has the meaning set forth in Section
5(a) hereof. 

Market Price means
the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on the primary U.S. national securities exchange, automated quotation system or inter-dealer
quotation system upon which the Common Stock is then traded or quoted. 

Optional Conversion Threshold 
shall mean that the Corporation has accomplished, as determined by the vote of the majority of the independent directors of the Board
in its sole discretion, any of the following (i) EBITDA of more than 3.0 million in any calendar year, (ii) production of two feature
films, (iii) production and distribution of at least three web series, (iv) theatrical distribution in the United States of one feature
film, or (v) any combination thereof that is subsequently approved by the majority of the independent directors of the Board based on
the strategic plan approved by the Board. 

Parity Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof. 

Person includes
all natural persons, corporations, business trusts, limited liability companies, associations, companies, partnerships, joint ventures
and other entities, as well as governments and their respective agencies and political subdivisions. 

Senior Stock has
the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 

Stated Value means
 0.001 per share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, as may be adjusted for any stock split, reverse stock split, dividend or similar
event relating to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Transfer Agent means
the entity designated from time to time by the Corporation to act as the registrar and transfer agent for the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock or, if no entity has been so designated to act in such capacity, the Corporation. 

3.
 Ranking . 

The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall, with
respect to rights on the liquidation, winding- up and dissolution of the Corporation (as provided in Section 5 below), rank (a) senior
to all classes of Common Stock and to each other class of Capital Stock or series of Preferred Stock established hereafter by the Board
of Directors the terms of which expressly provide that such class ranks junior to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock as to rights
on the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Corporation (collectively referred to as the Junior Stock ),
(b) on a parity with each other class of Capital Stock or series of Preferred Stock established hereafter by the Board of Directors as
to rights on the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Corporation (collectively referred to as the Parity Stock and (c) junior to any future class of Preferred Stock established hereafter by the Board of Directors, the terms of which expressly provide
that such class ranks senior to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock as to rights on the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of
the Corporation (collectively referred to as the Senior Stock ). 

5 

The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall, with
respect to rights to dividends (as provided in Section 4 below), rank on a parity with each class of Common Stock. 

4.
 Dividends . 

The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside
any dividends on shares of Common Stock (other than dividends on shares of Common Stock payable solely in shares of Common Stock) unless
(in addition to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Corporation s Organizational Documents) the Holders simultaneously
receive a dividend on each outstanding share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in an amount equal to that dividend per share of
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock as would equal the product of the dividend payable on each share of Common Stock and the number of
shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion of one share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on
the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such dividend and without regard to any limitation on conversion set
forth in Section 6(b) hereof. 

5. Liquidation Preference . 

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 6(h), upon any Liquidation Event, each Holder shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation
available for distribution to its shareholders, on account of each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock held by such Holder,
(i) prior to the holders of any class or series of Common Stock and Junior Stock, (ii) pro rata with the holders of any Parity Stock and
(iii) after the holders of any Senior Stock, an amount (such amount, the Liquidation Preference equal to the Stated
Value. 

(b) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 6(h), upon any Liquidation Event, after the payment of the Liquidation Preference the remaining assets
of the Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders shall be distributed first to satisfy any preference of any other Preferred
Stock that was junior to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and then among the Holders and the holders of the shares of Capital
Stock, pro rata, based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such securities as if they had
been converted to Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designation (or any other applicable certificate of designation)
immediately prior to such Liquidation Event without regard to any limitation on conversion set forth in Section 6(b) hereof. 

6. Conversion . 

(a) Holder s
Right to Convert . Upon the Board s determination that an Optional Conversion Threshold has been met, subject to the provisions
of Section 6(c) hereof, each Holder shall have the right, upon the delivery of a written notice to the Corporation, to convert any share
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock held by it into that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock Conversion
Shares equal to the Conversion Number at the time in effect. Any Holder may convert all or less than all of the shares of
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock held by it at any time after such determination. Any Holder s conversion of shares of Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock under this Section 6(a) shall not be effective unless such Holder has also complied with the provisions
set forth in Section 6(c) hereof at the time of delivery of its aforesaid written notice to the Corporation. The initial Conversion
Number per share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall be one (1); provided, however, that the Conversion Number in
effect from time to time shall be subject to adjustment as provided hereinafter. 

(b) Automatic
Conversion . The Class C Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

6 

(i) Each
outstanding share of Class C Preferred Stock which is transferred to any holder other than an Eligible Class C Preferred Stock Holder
shall automatically convert into that number of fully paid and nonassessable Conversion Shares equal to the Conversion Number at the time
in effect. 

(ii) If
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock plus Conversion Shares (issuable upon conversion of the Class B Convertible Preferred Stock
and the Class C Convertible Preferred Stock) held by the Eligible Class C Preferred Stock Holders in the aggregate constitute 10 or less
of the sum of (x) the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation plus (y) all Conversion Shares held by the Eligible Class
C Preferred Stock Holders, then each outstanding Class C Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding will automatically convert into
that number of fully paid and nonassessable Conversion Shares equal to the Conversion Number at the time in effect. 

(iii) At
such time as a Holder of Class C Preferred Stock ceases to be an Eligible Class C Preferred Stock Holder, each share of Class C Preferred
Stock held by such person or entity shall immediately convert into that number of fully paid and nonassessable Conversion Shares equal
to the Conversion Number at the time in effect. 

(c) Conversion
Procedures . Each conversion of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock shall be effected by the
surrender of the certificate(s) evidencing the shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted (the Converting
Shares at the principal office of the Corporation (or such other office or agency of the Corporation as the Corporation may
designate by notice in writing to the Holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock) at any time during its usual business hours,
together with written notice by the holder of such Converting Shares, (i) stating that the Holder desires to convert the Converting Shares,
or a specified number of such Converting Shares, evidenced by such certificate(s) into shares of Common Stock (the Converted
Shares ), and (ii) giving the name(s) (with addresses) and denominations in which the Converted Shares should either be registered
with the Corporation s transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock (the Common Stock Transfer Agent on its records in book-entry form under The Direct Registration System or certificated, and, in either case, instructions for the delivery
of a statement evidencing book-entry ownership of the Converted Shares or the certificates evidencing the Converted Shares. Upon receipt
of the notice described in the first sentence of this Section 6(c), together with the certificate(s) evidencing the Converting Shares,
the Corporation shall be obligated to, and shall, cause to be issued and delivered in accordance with such instructions, as applicable,
either (x) a statement from the Common Stock Transfer Agent evidencing ownership of the Converted Shares, registered in the name of the
Holder or its designee on the Common Stock Transfer Agent s records in book-entry form under The Direct Registration System or (y)
certificate(s) evidencing the Converted Shares and, if applicable, a certificate (which shall contain such applicable legends, if any,
as were set forth on the surrendered certificate(s)) representing any shares which were represented by the certificate(s) surrendered
to the Corporation in connection with such conversion but which were not Converting Shares and, therefore, were not converted. All or
some Converted Shares so issued whether in book-entry form under the Direct Registration System or in certificated form may be subject
to restrictions on transfer as required by applicable federal and state securities laws. Any such Converted Shares subject to restrictions
on transfer under applicable federal and state securities laws shall be encumbered by stop transfer orders and restrictive legends (or
equivalent encumbrances). Such conversion, to the extent permitted by law, shall be deemed to have been effected as of the close of business
on the date on which such certificate(s) shall have been surrendered and such written notice shall have been received by the Corporation
unless a later date has been specified by such Holder, and at such time the rights of the Holder of such Converting Shares as such Holder
shall cease, and the Person(s) in whose name or names the Converted Shares are to be issued either in book-entry form or certificated
form, as applicable, upon such conversion shall be deemed to have become the holder(s) of record of the Converted Shares. 

7 

(d) Effect
of Conversion . Upon the issuance of the Converted Shares in accordance with Section 6, such shares shall be deemed to be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable. 

(e) Adjustments
for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions . If the Corporation at any time or from time to time makes, or fixes a record date for
the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common
Stock, in each such event the Conversion Number then in effect shall be increased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such
record date is fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the Conversion Number then in effect by a fraction
(i) the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such
issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or
distribution and (ii) the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such record date. To the extent an adjustment is made in respect of the foregoing
pursuant to Section 6(f) or the Holder actually receives the dividend to which any such adjustment relates, an adjustment shall not be
made pursuant to this Section 6(e). 

(f) Conversion
Number Adjustments for Subdivisions, Combinations or Consolidations of Common Stock . 

(i) In
the event the Corporation should at any time or from time to time fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other
distribution payable in additional Common Share Equivalents, without payment of any consideration by such holder for additional Common
Share Equivalents (including the additional Common Stock issuable upon conversion, exchange or exercise thereof), then, as of such record
date (or the date of such dividend, distribution, split or subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Conversion Number then in effect
shall be appropriately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each such share of such Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such increase of outstanding shares of Common Stock and shares issuable
with respect to Common Share Equivalents. 

(ii) If
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time is decreased by a combination, consolidation, reclassification or reverse
stock split of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, following the record date of such combination, the
Conversion Number then in effect shall be appropriately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion
of each such share of such Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares
of Common Stock. 

(g) Recapitalizations .
If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock (other than a subdivision, combination, merger
or sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in this Section 6), provision shall be made so that the Holders shall thereafter
be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock the number of shares of Capital Stock or other securities
or property of the Corporation to which a holder of Common Stock would have been entitled on recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate
adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 6 with respect to the rights of the Holders after the recapitalization
to the end that the provisions of this Section 6 (including adjustment of the Conversion Number then in effect and the number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may
be practicable. 

8 

(h) Mergers
and Other Reorganizations . If at any time or from time to time there shall be a reclassification of the Common Stock (other than a
subdivision, combination, reclassification or exchange of shares provided for elsewhere in this Section 6) or a merger or consolidation
of the Corporation with or into another entity or the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation s properties and assets
to any other Person, then, as a part of and as a condition to the effectiveness of such reclassification, merger, consolidation or sale,
lawful and adequate provision shall be made so that the Holders shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock the number of shares of Capital Stock or other securities or property, if any, of the Corporation or of
the successor entity resulting from such reclassification, merger or consolidation or sale, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable
upon conversion would have been entitled in connection with such reclassification, merger, consolidation or sale. In any such case, appropriate
provision shall be made with respect to the rights of the Holders after the reclassification, merger, consolidation or sale to the end
that the provisions of this Section 6 (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Number and the number
of shares purchasable upon conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be,
with respect to any shares of Capital Stock, securities or property to be deliverable thereafter upon the conversion of the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

Each Holder, upon the occurrence of a reclassification,
merger or consolidation of the Corporation or the sale of all or substantially all its assets and properties, as such events are more
fully set forth in the first paragraph of this Section 6(h), shall have the option of electing treatment of its shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock under either this Section 6(h) or Section 5 hereof, notice of which election shall be submitted in writing to the Corporation
at its principal offices no later than ten (10) days before the effective date of such event, provided that any such notice of election
shall be effective if given not later than fifteen (15) days after the date of the Corporation s notice pursuant to Section 6(i)
hereof with respect to such event, and, provided, further, that if any Holder fails to give the Corporation such notice of election, the
provisions of this Section 6(h) shall govern the treatment of such Holder s shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock upon
the occurrence of such event. 

(i) Issuances
of Common Stock . If the Corporation, prior to the fifth (5th) anniversary of the issuance of the first share of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock issues shares of Common Stock (but not upon the issuance of Common Stock Equivalents) either (i) upon the conversion or
exercise of any instrument currently or hereafter issued (but not upon the conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock), (ii)
upon the exchange of debt for shares of common stock or (iii) in a private placement (a Dilutive Issuance ), then
the Conversion Number shall be adjusted to equal the sum of the amounts created by each individual Dilutive Issuance, wherein for each
Dilutive Issuance the amount is determined from the result of: 

1) The Product of the number of shares of Common Stock owned by the Eligible Series C Preferred
Holder upon the issuance of the first share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock divided by the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding upon the issuance of the first share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock; 

2) Then this Product Multiplied by the individual Dilutive Issuance; 

3) Then this Product Divided by the amount created when the percentage created in step
one is Subtracted from 100 percent; 

9 

4) Then this Product Divided by the number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock then outstanding. 

(j) Notices
of Record Date . In the event (i) the Corporation fixes a record date to determine the holders of Common Stock who are entitled to
receive any dividend or other distribution, or (ii) there occurs any capital reorganization of the Corporation, any reclassification
or recapitalization of the Common Stock of the Corporation, any merger or consolidation of the Corporation, or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, the Corporation shall mail to each Holder at least ten (10) days prior to
the record date specified therein, a notice specifying (a) the date of such record date for the purpose of such dividend or distribution
and a description of such dividend or distribution, (b) the date on which any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, and (c) the time, if any, that is to be fixed, as to when the
holders of record of Common Stock (or other securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or other securities)
for securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation
or winding up. 

(k) No
Impairment . The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or through any reorganization, recapitalization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good
faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 6 and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or
appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Holders against impairment. 

(l) Fractional
Shares and Certificate as to Adjustments . In lieu of any fractional shares to which a Holder would otherwise be entitled upon conversion,
the Corporation shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the Market Price of one share of Common Stock, as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors. Whether or not fractional shares are issuable upon such conversion shall be determined on the basis of
the total number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of each Holder at the time converting into Common Stock and the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such aggregate conversion. 

Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment
of the Conversion Number of any share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6, the Corporation, at its expense,
shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each Holder a certificate
setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The
Corporation shall, upon the written request at any time of any Holder, furnish or cause to be furnished to such Holder a like certificate
setting forth (A) such adjustment and readjustment, (B) the Conversion Number at the time in effect, and (C) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be received upon the conversion of such Holder s shares
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The provisions of Section 6(e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) shall apply to any transaction and successively
to any series of transactions that would require any adjustment pursuant thereto. 

10 

(m) Reservation
of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion . The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but
unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock(taking into account the adjustments required by this Section 6), such number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time
to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock; and if at any
time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then
outstanding shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available to
the Holders, the Corporation will, as soon as is reasonably practicable, take all such action as may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purposes. 

7. Voting
Rights . Upon the Board s determination that an Optional Conversion Threshold has been met, each Holder, except as otherwise
required under the FBCA or as set forth herein, shall be entitled or permitted to vote on all matters required or permitted to be voted
on by the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation and shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to three votes for the number
of Conversion Shares into which such Holder s shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock could then be converted, pursuant
to the provisions of Section 6 hereof, at the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote on such matter or, if
no such record date is established, at the date such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders is solicited. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Common Stock shall vote together
(or render written consents in lieu of a vote) as a single class on all matters upon which the Common Stock is entitled to vote. 

8.
 Reissuance of Shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock . 

Shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock that
have been issued and reacquired in any manner, including shares purchased, redeemed, converted or exchanged, shall (upon compliance with
any applicable provisions of the FBCA) be permanently retired or cancelled and shall not under any circumstances be reissued. The Corporation
shall from time to time take such appropriate action as may be required by applicable law to reduce the authorized number of shares of
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock by the number of shares that have been so reacquired. 

9. Notices . 

Any and all notices, consents, approval or other communications
or deliveries required or permitted to be provided under this Certificate of Designation shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of receipt, if such notice, consent, approval or other communication is delivered by hand
(with written confirmation of receipt) or via facsimile to the Corporation or the Holders, as applicable, at the facsimile number specified
in the register of Holders of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock maintained by the Transfer Agent prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the date of receipt, if such notice, consent, approval or other communication
is delivered via facsimile to the Corporation or the Holder, as applicable, at the facsimile number specified in the register of Holders
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock maintained by the Transfer Agent on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Business Day, or (c) the third Business Day following the date of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier service for next Business Day delivery and addressed to the Corporation or the Holder, as applicable, at the address specified
in the register of Holders of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock maintained by the Transfer Agent. 

10. Headings . 

The headings of the various sections and subsections
hereof are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions hereof. 

11 

11. Severability of
Provisions . 

If any powers, preferences and relative, participating,
optional and other special rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof
set forth in this Certificate of Designation (as it may be amended from time to time) is invalid, unlawful or incapable of being enforced
by reason of any rule or law or public policy, all other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights
of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof set forth in this Certificate
of Designation (as so amended) which can be given effect without the invalid, unlawful or unenforceable powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional and other special rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof shall, nevertheless, remain in full force and effect, and no powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
special rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof herein set forth
shall be deemed dependent upon any other such powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of Preferred
Stock and qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof unless so expressed herein. 

ARTICLE IV. 

Existence 

The Corporation shall exist perpetually unless sooner dissolved according
to law. 

ARTICLE V. 

Management of the Corporation 

The following provisions are inserted for the management
of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers
of the Corporation and of its directors and shareholders: 

A. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be
managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by
Statute or by these Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such
powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. A director shall hold office until the annual meeting
of the shareholders or until his successors shall be elected and qualified, subject, however, to the director s prior death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification or removal from office. 

B. SPECIAL MEETINGS CALLED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS OR SHAREHOLDERS 

Special Meetings of Shareholders of the Corporation
may be called by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether
or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board for
adoption) (the Full Board ), or by the holders of not less than forty percent (40 of all the votes entitled to be cast
on any issue at the proposed special meeting if such holders of stock sign, date and deliver to the Corporation s Secretary one
or more written demands for the meeting describing the purpose or purposes for which the special meeting is to be held. The Bylaws of
the Corporation shall fully set forth the manner in which Special Meetings of Shareholders of the Corporation may be called. 

12 

ARTICLE VI. 

Number of Directors 

The number of directors may be either increased or
diminished from time to time in the manner provided in the Bylaws, but shall never be less than one (1). 

ARTICLE VII. 

Indemnification 

Provided the person proposed to be indemnified satisfies
the requisite standard of conduct for permissive indemnification by a corporation as specifically set forth in the applicable provisions
of the Florida Business Corporation Act (currently, Section 607.0850(7) of the Florida Statutes), as the same may be amended from time
to time, the Corporation shall indemnify its officers and directors, and may indemnify its employees and agents, to the fullest extent
provided, authorized, permitted or not prohibited by the provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act and the Bylaws of the Corporation,
as the same may be amended and supplemented, from and against any and all of the expenses or liabilities incurred in defending a civil
or criminal proceeding, or other matters referred to in or covered by said provisions, including advancement of expenses prior to the
final disposition of such proceedings and amounts paid in settlement of such proceedings, both as to action in his or her official capacity
and as to action in another capacity while an officer, director, employee or other agent. The indemnification provided for herein shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders
or Disinterested Directors or otherwise. Such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee or agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and personal representatives of such a person. Except as otherwise required
by law, an adjudication of liability shall not affect the right to indemnification for those indemnified. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

Amendment 

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal
any provision contained in these Articles of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Florida and all rights
conferred upon shareholders are granted subject to this reservation. 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation have been executed by a duly authorized officer of this
Company on this 30th day of June, 2017. 

DOLPHIN DIGITAL MEDIA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ William O Dowd 

Name: 
 William O Dowd, IV 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

14 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT 

 TO THE 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 607.0123 and 607.1006 of the
Florida Business Corporation Act, this Florida Corporation will adopt the following amendment (the Articles of Amendment to its articles of incorporation, as amended and restated (the Articles of Incorporation on September 14, 2017: 

1. The name of the corporation is Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (the Company ). 

2. These Articles of Amendment were adopted by the board of directors of the Company on August
10, 2017 without shareholder action and shareholder action was not required. 

3. Article III of the Articles of Incorporation is hereby amended by replacing the first paragraph
of Section A thereof with the following: 

The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is Two Hundred Ten Million (210,000,000)
shares, of which Two Hundred Million (200,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, par value 0.015 per share Common Stock and Ten Million (10,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, having a par value of 0.001 per share Preferred Stock ).
The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the classification and reclassification of any unissued shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock and the issuance thereof in one or more classes or series without the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation.
Of the Preferred Stock, 50,000 shares have been designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

4. Article III of the Articles of Incorporation is hereby amended by adding the following paragraph
at the end of Section A thereof: 

On
the close of business on September 14, 2017, (the Second Effective Date ), each two (2) shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding or held by the Company in treasury stock immediately prior to the Second Effective Date shall, automatically and without
any action on the part of the respective holders thereof or the Company, be combined and converted into one (1) share of Common Stock,
subject to the treatment of fractional share interests as described below (the Second Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional
shares of Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the Second Reverse Stock Split. Rather, fractional shares created as a result
of the Second Reverse Stock Split shall be rounded up to the next whole number, such that, in lieu of fractional shares, each shareholder
who would have otherwise been entitled to receive a fractional share of Common Stock as a result of the Second Reverse Stock Split shall
instead be entitled to receive a whole share of Common Stock in respect thereof. 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, these Articles of Amendment to
the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. have been executed by a duly authorized officer of this
Company on September 13, 2017, and will become effective on September 14, 2017. 

By: 
 /s/ William O Dowd 

Name: William O Dowd 

Title: CEO 

16 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
TO 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF 

 DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT,
INC. 

 A FLORIDA CORPORATION 

Pursuant
to the provisions of Sections 607.1006 and 607.10025, Florida Statutes, Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Corporation ),
Florida Document Number P14000097818, adopts the following amendment (the Amendment to its Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation: 

 Section
A of Article III, Capital Stock, shall be amended to read as follows: 

 A. AUTHORIZED
SHARES 

The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is Fifty Million (50,000,000) shares,
of which Forty Million (40,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock having a par value of 0.015 per share and Ten Million (10,000,000)
shares shall be Preferred Stock having a par value of 0.001 per share. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly
authorized to provide for the classification and reclassification of any unissued shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock and the issuance
thereof in one or more classes or series without the approval of the shareholders of the Corporation. Of the Preferred Stock, 50,000
shares have been designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock having a par value of 0.001 per share. 

 At
12:01 AM on November 27, 2020 (the Effective Date ), each five (5) shares of common stock issued and outstanding
or held by the Corporation as treasury stock immediately prior to the Effective Date shall, automatically and without any action on the
part of the respective holders thereof or the Corporation, be combined and converted into one (1) share of Common Stock subject to the
treatment of fractional share interests as described below (the Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional shares
of Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split; rather, the fractional shares of Common Stock created as
a result of the Reverse Stock Split shall be rounded up to the next whole number such that in lieu of fractional shares, each shareholder
who would have otherwise been entitled to receive a fractional share of Common Stock shall instead receive a whole share of Common Stock
as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. 

 The
foregoing Amendment was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on November 12, 2020, without shareholder action and shareholder
action was not required. 

 The
Amendment does not adversely affect the rights or preferences of the holders of outstanding shares of any class or series and does not
result in the percentage of authorized shares that remain unissued after the division or combination exceeding the percentage of authorized
shares that were unissued before the division or combination. 

Date: November 23,
 2020 
 DOLPHIN
 ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

BY: 
 /s/
 Bill O Dowd 

NAME: 
 William O Dowd 

TITLE: CEO 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT TO 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF 

 DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

 A FLORIDA CORPORATION 

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 607.1003 and
607.1006 of the Florida Business Corporation Act, Statutes, Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Corporation),
Florida Document Number P14000097818, adopts the following amendment (the Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation: 

Section A , Authorized Shares, of Article III,
Capital Stock, shall be amended to read as follows: 

A. 
 AUTHORIZED SHARES 

The total number of shares of
all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is Two Hundred Ten Million (210,000,000), of which Two Hundred
Million (200,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock having a par value of 0.015 per share and Ten Million (10,000,000) shares shall be
Preferred Stock having a par value of 0.001 per share. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to provide
for the classification and reclassification of any unissued shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock and the issuance thereof in one
or more classes or series without the approval of the shareholders of the Corporation. Of the Preferred Stock, 50,000 shares have
been designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock having a par value of 0.001 per share. 

The foregoing Amendment was adopted
by Shareholders of the Corporation on September 23, 2021, and the number of shares cast in favor of the Amendment was sufficient for approval. 

Date: September 24, 2021 
 DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

BY: 
 /s/Mirta A Negrini 

NAME: 
 Mirta A Negrini 

TITLE: 
 CFO 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT TO 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 

 A FLORIDA CORPORATION 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 607.1006
of the Florida Business Corporation Act, Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., a Florida corporation, Florida Document Number P14000097818, 
hereby adopts the following amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation: 

 Article III(D)(7) is hereby amended
to read as follows: 

 7. Voting Rights . Upon the Board s
determination that an Optional Conversion Threshold has been met, each Holder, except as otherwise required under the FBCA or as set
forth herein shall be entitled or permitted to vote on all matters required or permitted to be voted on by the holders of Common Stock
of the Corporation and shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to five votes for the number of Conversion Shares into which such
Holder s shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock could then be converted, pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 hereof
at the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote on such matter or, if no such record date is established, at
the date such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders is solicited. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as
otherwise required by law, the Series C convertible Preferred Stock and the Common Stock shall vote together (or render written consents
in lieu of a vote) as a single class on all matters upon which the Common Stock is entitled to vote. 

 The Amendment was adopted by the shareholders
of the Corporation on September 27, 2022. The number of votes cast in favor of the Amendment by the shareholders was sufficient for its
approval. 

Dated: September 29, 2022 

 /s/ Mirta A. Negrini 

 Name: Mirta A. Negrini 

 Title: Chief Financial
Officer 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT TO 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF

DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 

 A FLORIDA CORPORATION 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 607.1006 of
the Florida Business Corporation Act, Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., a Florida corporation, Florida Document Number P14000097818,
 hereby adopts the following amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation: 

Article III(D)(7) is hereby amended to read as
follows: 

7. Voting Rights . Upon the Board s
determination that an Optional Conversion Threshold has been met, each Holder, except as otherwise required under the FBCA or as set forth
herein shall be entitled or permitted to vote on all matters required or permitted to be voted on by the holders of Common Stock of the
Corporation and shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to ten votes for the number of Conversion Shares into which such Holder s
shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock could then be converted, pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 hereof at
the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote on such matter or, if no such record date is established, at the
date such vote is taken or any written consent of shareholders is solicited. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as otherwise
required by law, the Series C convertible Preferred Stock and the Common Stock shall vote together (or render written consents
in lieu of a vote) as a single class on all matters upon which the Common Stock is entitled to vote. 

The Amendment was adopted by the shareholders of the
Corporation on September 24, 2024. The number of votes cast in favor of the Amendment by the shareholders was sufficient for its approval. 

Dated: September 25, 2024 
 
 /s/ Mirta A. Negrini 

Name: Mirta A. Negrini 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT TO 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF 

 DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 

 A FLORIDA CORPORATION 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 607.1006 of
the Florida Business Corporation Act, Dolphin Entertainment, Inc., a Florida corporation, Florida Document Number P14000097818, hereby
adopts the following amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation: 

Article III, Capital Stock, is hereby amended by
adding the following paragraph at the end of Section A thereof: 

Upon the filing and effectiveness (the Effective
Time of this amendment to the Corporation s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, pursuant to the
Business Corporation Act of the State of Florida, each two (2) shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding or held by the Corporation
as treasury stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, automatically and without action on the part of the respective holders
thereof or the Corporation, be combined and converted into one (1) share of Common Stock, subject to treatment of fractional share interests
as described below (the Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the
Reverse Stock Split; rather, the fractional shares of Common Stock created as a result of the Reverse Stock Split shall be rounded up
to the next whole number such that in lieu of fractional shares, each shareholder who would have otherwise been entitled to receive a
fractional share of Common Stock shall instead receive a whole share of Common Stock as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. 

The Amendment was adopted by the shareholders of the
Corporation on September 24, 2024. The number of votes cast in favor of the Amendment by the shareholders was sufficient for its approval.
The Effective Time of the Amendment shall be 12:01 am EST on October 16, 2024. 

Dated: October 15, 2024 
 /s/ Mirta A Negrini 

 Name: Mirta A. Negrini 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, William O Dowd IV, Chief Executive Officer of Dolphin Entertainment
Inc. (the Registrant ), certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ William O Dowd IV 

William O Dowd IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Mirta A Negrini, Chief Financial Officer of Dolphin Entertainment Inc.
(the Registrant ), certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Mirta A Negrini 

Mirta A Negrini 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Quarterly Report of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William O Dowd IV, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ William O Dowd IV 

William O Dowd IV 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Quarterly Report of Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mirta A Negrini, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to
the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Mirta A Negrini 

Mirta A Negrini 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dlpn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dlpn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dlpn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dlpn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

