<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1552000_0001552000-24-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10658340</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191798</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2285080</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4017493</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2143530</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1808652</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552000-24-000033.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105133351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552000-24-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MPLX LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552000
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PIPE LINES (NO NATURAL GAS) [4610]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				270005456
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35714
		FILM NUMBER:		241426760

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. HARDIN STREET
		CITY:			FINDLAY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(419) 422-2121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. HARDIN STREET
		CITY:			FINDLAY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45840

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552000-24-000033.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 mplx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mplx-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 _____________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________________ 
 Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 MPLX LP had common units outstanding as of October 31, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Series A Preferred Units (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 1. Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation 
 8 
 2. Accounting Standards and Disclosure Rules 
 8 
 3. Acquisitions and Other Transactions 
 9 
 4. Investments and Noncontrolling Interests 
 10 
 5. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 10 
 6. Equity 
 12 
 7. Net Income Per Limited Partner Unit 
 13 
 8. Segment Information 
 14 
 9. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 16 
 10. Fair Value Measurements 
 16 
 11. Derivatives 
 17 
 12. Debt 
 18 
 13. Net Interest and Other Financial Costs 
 19 
 14. Revenue 
 19 
 15. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 22 
 16. Commitments and Contingencies 
 22 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 49 
 Signatures 
 50 
 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, all references in this Form 10-Q to MPLX LP, MPLX, the Partnership, we, our, us, or like terms refer to MPLX LP and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to our sponsor and customer, MPC, refer collectively to Marathon Petroleum Corporation and its subsidiaries, other than the Partnership. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Terms 
 The abbreviations, acronyms and industry terminology used in this report are defined as follows: 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update barrel One stock tank barrel, or 42 United States gallons of liquid volume, used in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons DCF (a non-GAAP financial measure) Distributable Cash Flow EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America G P Gathering and Processing segment L S Logistics and Storage segment mbpd Thousand barrels per day MMBtu One million British thermal units, an energy measurement MMcf/d One million cubic feet per day NGL Natural gas liquids, such as ethane, propane, butanes and natural gasoline SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate VIE Variable interest entity 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 MPLX LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per unit data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues and other income: Service revenue Service revenue - related parties Service revenue - product related Rental income Rental income - related parties Product sales Product sales - related parties Sales-type lease revenue Sales-type lease revenue - related parties Income from equity method investments Other income Other income - related parties Total revenues and other income Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues (excludes items below) Purchased product costs Rental cost of sales Rental cost of sales - related parties Purchases - related parties Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Other taxes Total costs and expenses Income from operations Net interest and other financial costs Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to MPLX LP Less: Series A preferred unitholders interest in net income Less: Series B preferred unitholders interest in net income Limited partners' interest in net income attributable to MPLX LP Per Unit Data (See Note 7) Net income attributable to MPLX LP per limited partner unit: Common - basic Common - diluted Weighted average limited partner units outstanding: Common - basic Common - diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MPLX LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Remeasurements of pension and other postretirement benefits related to equity method investments, net of tax Comprehensive income Less comprehensive income attributable to: Noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to MPLX LP 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MPLX LP 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Current assets - related parties Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Equity method investments Property, plant and equipment, net Intangibles, net Goodwill Right of use assets, net Noncurrent assets - related parties Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current liabilities - related parties Accrued property, plant and equipment Long-term debt due within one year Accrued interest payable Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Long-term liabilities - related parties Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 16) million and million units outstanding) 
 Equity Common unitholders - public million and million units outstanding) 
 Common unitholders - MPC million and million units outstanding) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total MPLX LP partners capital Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities, preferred units and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MPLX LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of deferred financing costs Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Gain on sales-type leases and equity method investments ) Loss/(gain) on disposal of assets ) Income from equity method investments ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates Change in fair value of derivatives ) Changes in: Receivables ) Inventories ) ) Current accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities ) ) Assets and liabilities - related parties ) Right of use assets and operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue All other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Disposal of assets Investments - acquisitions and contributions ) ) - redemptions, repayments, return of capital and sales proceeds Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Long-term debt borrowings Long-term debt repayments ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Unit repurchases ) Redemption of Series B preferred units ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to Series A preferred unitholders ) ) Distributions to Series B preferred unitholders ) Distributions to unitholders and general partner ) ) Contributions from MPC All other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MPLX LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Series A Preferred Units (Unaudited) 
 Partnership (In millions) Common Unit-holders Public Common Unit-holder MPC Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-controlling Interests Total Series A Preferred Unit-holders Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Unit repurchases ) ) Conversion of Series A preferred units ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Other ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Net income Unit repurchases ) ) Conversion of Series A preferred units ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Other Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Unit repurchases ) ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Other Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Partnership Common Unit-holders Public Common Unit-holder MPC Series B Preferred Unit-holders Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-controlling Interests Total Series A Preferred Unit-holders Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Redemption of Series B preferred units ) ) ) ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Other Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net income Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Other Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Other Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 segments based on the nature of services it offers: Logistics and Storage L S ), which relates primarily to crude oil, refined products, other hydrocarbon-based products and renewables; and Gathering and Processing G P ), which relates primarily to natural gas and NGLs. See Note 8 for additional information regarding the operations and results of these segments. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 These interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
 Certain prior period financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 
 
 2. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 percent ownership interest in BANGL, LLC, for million cash, increasing total ownership interest to percent (the BANGL Transaction ). BANGL is a natural gas liquids pipeline system connecting the Delaware and Midland basins to the fractionation market in Sweeny, Texas. The purchase price of the additional percent ownership interest in BANGL, LLC exceeded our portion of the underlying net assets of the joint venture by approximately million. This basis difference is being amortized into net income over the remaining estimated useful lives of the underlying net assets. Following the BANGL Transaction, our investment in BANGL, LLC continues to be accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 Whistler Joint Venture Transaction 
 On May 29, 2024, MPLX and its joint venture partner contributed their respective membership interest in Whistler Pipeline, LLC to a newly formed joint venture, WPC Parent, LLC, and issued a percent voting interest in WPC Parent, LLC to an affiliate of Enbridge Inc. in exchange for the contribution of cash and the Rio Bravo Pipeline project. As a result of the transaction, MPLX s voting interest in the joint venture was reduced from percent to percent. MPLX recognized a gain of million and received a cash distribution of million, recorded as a return of capital, related to the dilution of the ownership interest. The gain is included in Income from equity method investments on the accompanying consolidated statements of income and the return of capital is included in Investments - redemptions, repayments, return of capital and sales proceeds within the investing section of the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Utica Midstream Acquisition 
 million of cash on hand to purchase additional ownership interest in existing joint ventures and gathering assets (the Utica Midstream Acquisition ), which will enhance our position in the Utica basin. Prior to the acquisition, we owned an indirect interest in Ohio Gathering Company L.L.C. OGC and a direct interest in Ohio Condensate Company L.L.C. OCC and now own a combined percent interest in OGC, a percent interest in OCC, and a percent interest in a dry gas gathering system in the Utica basin, including 53 miles of gathering pipeline and three dehydration units with a combined capacity of approximately 620 MMcf/d. OGC continues to be accounted for as an equity method investment, as MPLX did not obtain control of OGC as a result of the transaction. The acquisition date fair value of our investment in OGC exceeded our portion of the underlying net assets of the joint venture by approximately million. This basis difference is being amortized into net income over the remaining estimated useful lives of the underlying net assets. OCC was previously accounted for as an equity method investment, and it is now reflected as a consolidated subsidiary within our consolidated financial results. The results for the acquired business are reported within our G P segment. 
 The Utica Midstream Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination requiring all the acquired assets and liabilities to be remeasured to fair value resulting in a consolidated fair value of net assets and liabilities of million. The fair value includes million related to acquired interests in the joint ventures and the remaining balance related to other acquired assets and liabilities. The revaluation of MPLX s existing percent equity method investment in OCC resulted in a million gain, which is included in Other income within the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The fair value of equity method investments was based on a discounted cash flow model. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Illinois Extension Pipeline Company, L.L.C. LOOP LLC MarEn Bakken Company LLC (2) 
 WPC Parent, LLC (3) 
 Other (4) 
 X Total L S G P MarkWest EMG Jefferson Dry Gas Gathering Company, L.L.C X MarkWest Utica EMG, L.L.C. X Ohio Gathering Company L.L.C. (5) 
 X Sherwood Midstream LLC X Other (4) 
 X Total G P Total 
 (1) percent ownership interest in BANGL, LLC, increasing our ownership interest to percent, as discussed in Note 3. 
 (2) percent indirect interest in a joint venture Dakota Access that owns and operates the Dakota Access Pipeline and Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline projects (collectively, the Bakken Pipeline system ). 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) percent direct interest in OGC in the Utica Midstream Acquisition discussed in Note 3. We also hold a percent indirect interest in OGC through our ownership interest in MarkWest Utica EMG, L.L.C. 
 For those entities that have been deemed to be VIEs, neither MPLX nor any of its subsidiaries have been deemed to be the primary beneficiary due to voting rights on significant matters. While we have the ability to exercise influence through participation in the management committees which make all significant decisions, we have equal influence over each committee as a joint interest partner and all significant decisions require the consent of the other investors without regard to economic interest. As such, we have determined that these entities should not be consolidated and applied the equity method of accounting with respect to our investments in each entity. 
 MPLX s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with equity method investments generally includes its equity investment, any additional capital contribution commitments and any operating expenses incurred by the subsidiary operator in excess of its compensation received for the performance of the operating services. MPLX did not provide any financial support to equity method investments that it was not contractually obligated to provide during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. See Note 16 for information on our guarantees related to equity method investees . 
 
 5. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million, and minimum future undiscounted lease payment receipts under sales-type leases increased million. Future performance obligations for the revenue component of the agreement include variable consideration that is not required to be estimated. 
 Related Party Loan 
 MPLX is party to a loan agreement (the MPC Loan Agreement with MPC. Under the terms of the MPC Loan Agreement, MPC extends loans to MPLX on a revolving basis as requested by MPLX and as agreed to by MPC. The borrowing capacity of the MPC Loan Agreement is billion aggregate principal amount of all loans outstanding at any one time. The MPC Loan Agreement was renewed on July 31, 2024 and is now scheduled to expire, and borrowings under the loan agreement are scheduled to mature and become due and payable, on July 31, 2029, provided that MPC may demand payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the loan, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts (if any), at any time prior to maturity. Borrowings under the MPC Loan Agreement bear interest at or such lower rate as would be applicable to such loans under the MPLX Credit Agreement as discussed in Note 12. 
 There was no activity on the MPC Loan Agreement for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Related Party Revenue 
 Related party sales to MPC primarily consist of crude oil and refined products pipeline services based on tariff or contracted rates; storage, terminal and fuels distribution services based on contracted rates; and marine transportation services. Related party sales to MPC also consist of revenue related to volume deficiency credits. 
 MPLX also has operating agreements with MPC under which it receives a fee for operating MPC s retained pipeline assets and a fixed annual fee for providing oversight and management services required to run the marine business. MPLX also receives management fee revenue for engineering, construction and administrative services for operating certain of its equity method investments. Amounts earned under these agreements are classified as Other income - related parties in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Certain product sales to MPC and other related parties net to zero within the consolidated financial statements as the transactions are recorded net due to the terms of the agreements under which such product was sold. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these sales totaled million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, these sales totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Related Party Expenses 
 MPC charges MPLX for executive management services and certain general and administrative services provided to MPLX under the terms of our omnibus agreements Omnibus charges and for certain employee services provided to MPLX under employee services agreements ESA charges ). Omnibus charges and ESA charges are classified as Rental cost of sales - related parties, Purchases - related parties, or General and administrative expenses depending on the nature of the asset or activity with which the costs are associated. In addition to these agreements, MPLX purchases products from MPC, makes payments to MPC in its capacity as general contractor to MPLX, and has certain rent and lease agreements with MPC. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, General and administrative expenses incurred from MPC totaled million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, General and administrative expenses incurred from MPC totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Some charges incurred under the omnibus, employee service and co-location agreements are related to engineering and construction services and are associated with assets under construction. These charges are added to Property, plant and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these charges totaled million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, these charges totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Related Party Assets and Liabilities 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Lease receivables Prepaid Other Total Noncurrent assets - related parties Long-term lease receivables Right of use assets Unguaranteed residual asset Long-term receivables Total Current liabilities - related parties MPC Loan Agreement and other payables (1) 
 Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Total Long-term liabilities - related parties Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Total 
 (1) borrowings outstanding on the MPC Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 6. 
 Unit-based compensation awards Conversion of Series A preferred units Units redeemed in unit repurchase program ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Unit Repurchase Program 
 On August 2, 2022, we announced the board authorization for the repurchase of up to billion of MPLX common units held by the public. This unit repurchase authorization has no expiration date. We may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated unit repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for units, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended, discontinued or restarted at any time. 
 Total unit repurchases were as follows for the respective periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per unit data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Number of common units repurchased Cash paid for common units repurchased (1) 
 Average cost per unit (1) 
 
 (1) 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million remaining under the unit repurchase authorization. 
 Series A Redeemable Preferred Unit Conversions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain Series A preferred unitholders exercised their rights to convert their Series A preferred units into approximately million common units. Approximately million Series A preferred units remain outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Redemption of the Series B Preferred Units 
 On February 15, 2023, outstanding percent Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units (the Series B preferred units ). MPLX paid unitholders the Series B preferred unit redemption price of per unit. MPLX made a final cash distribution of million to Series B preferred unitholders on , in conjunction with the redemption. 
 Distributions 
 On , MPLX declared a cash distribution for the third quarter of 2024, totaling million, or per common unit. This distribution will be paid on to common unitholders of record on . This rate will also be received by Series A preferred unitholders. 
 Quarterly distributions for 2024 and 2023 are summarized below: 
 (Per common unit) 2024 2023 March 31, June 30, September 30, 
 Series A preferred unit distributions Series B preferred unit distributions (1) 
 Total cash distributions declared 
 (1) million distribution paid to the Series B preferred unitholders on February 15, 2023 that was earned during the period prior to redemption. 
 
 7. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, MPLX had participating securities consisting of common units, certain equity-based compensation awards, Series A preferred units, and Series B preferred units and also had dilutive potential common units consisting of certain equity-based compensation awards. Potential common units omitted from the diluted earnings per unit calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were less than million. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Distributions declared on Series A preferred units Distributions declared on Series B preferred units Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities Impact of redemption of Series B preferred units Net Income available to common unitholders Weighted average units outstanding: Basic Diluted Net income attributable to MPLX LP per limited partner unit: Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 
 8. 
 reportable segments: L S and G P. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services it offers. 
 L S gathers, transports, stores and distributes crude oil, refined products, other hydrocarbon-based products and renewables. Also includes the operation of refining logistics, fuels distribution and inland marine businesses, terminals, rail facilities, and storage caverns. 
 G P gathers, processes and transports natural gas; and transports, fractionates, stores and markets NGLs. 
 Our CODM evaluates the performance of our segments using Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Amounts included in net income and excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) income/(loss) from equity method investments; (iv) distributions and adjustments related to equity method investments; (v) impairment expense; (vi) noncontrolling interests; and (vii) other adjustments, as applicable. These items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment; or (iii) are not tied to the operational performance of the segment. Assets by segment are not a measure used to assess the performance of the Partnership by our CODM and thus are not reported in our disclosures. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Rental income Product related revenue Sales-type lease revenue Income from equity method investments Other income Total segment revenues and other income (1) 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 Capital expenditures Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (3) 
 G P Service revenue Rental income Product related revenue Sales-type lease revenue Income from equity method investments Other income Total segment revenues and other income (1) 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 Capital expenditures Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 
 (1) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Third party revenues for the G P segment were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) 
 (3) million to Dakota Access to fund our share of a debt repayment by the joint venture. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 G P Segment Adjusted EBITDA Total reportable segments Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net interest and other financial costs ) ) ) ) Income from equity method investments Distributions/adjustments related to equity method investments ) ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interests Garyville incident response costs (2) 
 ) ) Other (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net income 
 (1) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization attributable to G P was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 9. 
 G P Total 
 
 10. 
 Embedded derivatives in commodity contracts (Level 3) Other current assets / Other current liabilities Other noncurrent assets / Other long-term liabilities Total carrying value in Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 to per gallon with a weighted average 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 per gallon and (2) a percent probability of renewal for the five -year renewal term of the gas purchase commitment and related keep-whole processing agreement. Increases or decreases in the fractionation spread result in an increase or decrease in the fair value of the embedded derivative liability, respectively. 
 Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements) ) ) ) Unrealized and realized (loss)/gain included in Net Income (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Settlements Ending balance ) ) ) ) The amount of total loss for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized (loss)/gain relating to liabilities still held at end of period ) ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 Fair Values Non-recurring 
 Non-recurring fair value measurements and disclosures in 2024 relate to acquisitions and other transactions as discussed in Note 3. 
 Fair Values Reported 
 We believe the carrying value of our other financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, receivables from related parties, lease receivables, lease receivables from related parties, accounts payable, and payables to related parties, approximate fair value. MPLX s fair value assessment incorporates a variety of considerations, including the duration of the instruments, MPC s investment-grade credit rating, and the historical incurrence of and expected future insignificance of bad debt expense, which includes an evaluation of counterparty credit risk. The recorded value of the amounts outstanding under the bank revolving credit facility, if any, approximates fair value due to the variable interest rate that approximates current market rates. Derivative instruments are recorded at fair value, based on available market information (see Note 11). 
 The fair value of MPLX s debt is estimated based on prices from recent trade activity and is categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 (1) 
 
 11. 
 
 Embedded Derivative - MPLX has a natural gas purchase commitment embedded in a keep-whole processing agreement with a producer customer in the Southern Appalachia region expiring in December 2027. The customer has the unilateral option to extend the agreement for five -year term through December 2032. For accounting purposes, the natural gas purchase commitment and the term extending option have been aggregated into a single compound embedded derivative. The probability of the customer exercising its option is determined based on assumptions about the customer s potential business strategy decision points that may exist at the time they would elect whether to renew the contract. The changes in fair value of this 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 Certain derivative positions are subject to master netting agreements; therefore, MPLX has elected to offset derivative assets and liabilities that are legally permissible to be offset. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no derivative assets or liabilities that were offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We make a distinction between realized or unrealized gains and losses on derivatives. During the period when a derivative contract is outstanding, changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded as an unrealized gain or loss. When a derivative contract matures or is settled, the previously recorded unrealized gain or loss is reversed, and the realized gain or loss of the contract is recorded. 
 Unrealized gain/(loss) ) Product sales derivative gain/(loss) ) Purchased product costs: Realized loss ) ) ) ) Unrealized (loss)/gain ) ) Purchased product cost derivative loss ) ) ) ) Total derivative gain/(loss) included in Net income ) ) ) 
 
 12. 
 Fixed rate senior notes Consolidated subsidiaries: MarkWest ANDX Finance lease obligations Total Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unamortized discount ) ) Amounts due within one year ) ) Total long-term debt due after one year 
 Credit Agreement 
 MPLX s credit agreement (the MPLX Credit Agreement matures in July 2027 and, among other things, provides for a billion unsecured revolving credit facility and letter of credit issuing capacity under the facility of up to million. Letter of credit issuing capacity is included in, not in addition to, the billion borrowing capacity. Borrowings under the MPLX Credit Agreement bear interest, at MPLX s election, at either the 
 There was no activity on the MPLX Credit Agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 percent to percent. Interest on each series of notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on various dates depending on the series of the notes. 
 On , MPLX issued billion aggregate principal amount of percent senior notes due 2034 (the 2034 Senior Notes in an underwritten public offering. The 2034 Senior Notes were offered at a price to the public of percent of par, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, commencing on December 1, 2024. MPLX intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2034 Senior Notes to repay, redeem, or otherwise retire some or all of (i) MPLX s outstanding million aggregate principal amount of percent senior notes due December 2024, (ii) MarkWest s outstanding million aggregate principal amount of percent senior notes due December 2024 and (iii) MPLX s outstanding million aggregate principal amount of percent senior notes due February 2025, and in the interim may use such net proceeds for general partnership purposes. 
 
 13. 
 Other financial costs Interest income ) ) ) ) Capitalized interest ) ) ) ) Net interest and other financial costs 
 
 14. 
 Service revenue - related parties Service revenue - product related Product sales Product sales - related parties Total revenues from contracts with customers Non-ASC 606 revenue (1) 
 Total revenues and other income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) L S G P Total Revenues and other income: Service revenue Service revenue - related parties Service revenue - product related Product sales Product sales - related parties Total revenues from contracts with customers Non-ASC 606 revenue (1) 
 Total revenues and other income 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Service revenue - related parties Service revenue - product related Product sales Product sales - related parties Total revenues from contracts with customers Non-ASC 606 revenue (1) 
 Total revenues and other income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) L S G P Total Revenues and other income: Service revenue Service revenue - related parties Service revenue - product related Product sales Product sales - related parties Total revenues from contracts with customers Non-ASC 606 revenue (1) 
 Total revenues and other income 
 (1) 
 Contract Balances 
 Our receivables are primarily associated with customer contracts. Payment terms vary by product or service type; however, the period between invoicing and payment is not significant. Included within the receivables are balances related to commodity sales on behalf of our producer customers, for which we remit the net sales price back to the producer customers upon completion of the sale. 
 Under certain of our contracts, we recognize revenues in excess of billings which we present as contract assets. Contract assets typically relate to deficiency payments related to minimum volume commitments and aid in construction agreements where the revenue recognized and MPLX s rights to consideration for work completed exceeds the amount billed to the customer. Contract assets are included in Other current assets and Other noncurrent assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Under certain of our contracts, we receive payments in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, which are recorded as contract liabilities. Contract liabilities, which we present as Deferred revenue and Long-term deferred revenue, typically relate to advance payments for aid in construction agreements and deferred customer credits associated with makeup rights and minimum volume commitments. Related to minimum volume commitments, breakage is estimated and recognized into service revenue in instances where it is probable the customer will not use the credit in future periods. We classify contract liabilities as current or long-term based on the timing of when we expect to recognize revenue. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ) Long-term contract assets ) Deferred revenue ) Deferred revenue - related parties ) Long-term deferred revenue ) Long-term deferred revenue - related parties 
 (In millions) Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions/ (Deletions) Revenue Recognized (1) 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 Contract assets ) Long-term contract assets Deferred revenue ) Deferred revenue - related parties ) Long-term deferred revenue Long-term deferred revenue - related parties Long-term contract liabilities ) 
 (1) significant revenue was recognized related to past performance obligations in the current periods. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total estimated revenue on remaining performance obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, unsatisfied performance obligations included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are million and will be recognized as revenue as the obligations are satisfied, which is generally expected to occur over the next years. A portion of this amount is not disclosed in the table above as it is deemed variable consideration due to volume variability. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 Income taxes paid Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Payments on operating leases Net cash provided by financing activities included: Principal payments under finance lease obligations Non-cash investing and financing activities: Net transfers of property, plant and equipment (to)/from materials and supplies inventory Net transfers of property, plant and equipment to lease receivable ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations 
 (Decrease)/Increase in capital accruals ) Total capital expenditures 
 
 16. 
 million at September 30, 2024 and million December 31, 2023. It is not presently possible to estimate the ultimate amount of all remediation costs that might be incurred or the penalties, if any, that may be imposed. 
 MPLX is involved in environmental enforcement matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome and impact to MPLX cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes the resolution of these environmental matters will not, individually or collectively, have a material adverse effect on its consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 In July 2020, Tesoro High Plains Pipeline Company, LLC THPP ), a subsidiary of MPLX, received a Notification of Trespass Determination from the Bureau of Indian Affairs BIA relating to a portion of the Tesoro High Plains Pipeline that crosses the Fort Berthold Reservation in North Dakota. The notification demanded the immediate cessation of pipeline operations and assessed trespass damages of approximately million. After subsequent appeal proceedings and in compliance with a new order issued by the BIA, in December 2020, THPP paid approximately million in assessed trespass damages and ceased use of the portion of the pipeline that crosses the property at issue. In March 2021, the BIA issued an order purporting to vacate the BIA's prior orders related to THPP s alleged trespass and direct the Regional Director of the BIA to reconsider the issue of THPP s alleged trespass and issue a new order. In April 2021, THPP filed a lawsuit in the District of North Dakota against the United States of America, the U.S. Department of the Interior and the BIA (collectively, the U.S. Government Parties challenging the March 2021 order purporting to vacate all previous orders related to THPP s alleged trespass. On February 8, 2022, the U.S. Government Parties filed their answer and counterclaims to THPP s suit claiming THPP is in continued trespass with respect to the pipeline and seeking disgorgement of pipeline profits from June 1, 2013 to present, removal of the pipeline 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 percent indirect interest in Dakota Access, which owns and operates the Bakken Pipeline system. In 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (the D.D.C. ordered the United States Army Corps of Engineers Army Corps ), which granted permits and an easement for the Bakken Pipeline system, to prepare an environmental impact statement EIS relating to an easement under Lake Oahe in North Dakota. The D.D.C. later vacated the easement. The Army Corps issued a draft EIS in September 2023 detailing various options for the easement going forward, including denying the easement, approving the easement with additional measures, rerouting the easement, or approving the easement with no changes. The Army Corps has not selected a preferred alternative, but will make a decision in its final review, after considering input from the public and other agencies. The pipeline remains operational while the Army Corps finalizes its decision which will follow the issuance of the final EIS. According to public statements from Army Corps officials, the EIS is now expected to be issued in 2025. 
 We have entered into a Contingent Equity Contribution Agreement whereby MPLX LP, along with the other joint venture owners in the Bakken Pipeline system, has agreed to make equity contributions to the joint venture upon certain events occurring to allow the entities that own and operate the Bakken Pipeline system to satisfy their senior note payment obligations. The senior notes were issued to repay amounts owed by the pipeline companies to fund the cost of construction of the Bakken Pipeline system. 
 If the vacatur of the easement results in a temporary shutdown of the pipeline, MPLX would have to contribute its percent pro rata share of funds required to pay interest accruing on the notes and any portion of the principal that matures while the pipeline is shut down. MPLX also expects to contribute its percent pro rata share of any costs to remediate any deficiencies to reinstate the easement and/or return the pipeline into operation. If the vacatur of the easement results in a permanent shutdown of the pipeline, MPLX would have to contribute its percent pro rata share of the cost to redeem the bonds (including the one percent redemption premium required pursuant to the indenture governing the notes) and any accrued and unpaid interest. As of September 30, 2024, our maximum potential undiscounted payments under the Contingent Equity Contribution Agreement were approximately million. 
 Other guarantees 
 MPLX s maximum exposure to loss for WPC Parent, LLC includes an million commitment to indemnify a joint venture member for our pro rata share of any payments made under a performance guarantee for construction of a pipeline by an equity method investee. 
 Contractual Commitments and Contingencies 
 From time to time and in the ordinary course of business, MPLX and its affiliates provide guarantees of MPLX s subsidiaries payment and performance obligations in the G P segment. Certain natural gas processing and gathering arrangements require MPLX to construct natural gas processing plants, natural gas gathering pipelines and NGL pipelines and contain certain fees and charges if specified construction milestones are not achieved for reasons other than force majeure. In certain cases, certain producers may have the right to cancel the processing arrangements if there are significant delays that are not due to force majeure. As of September 30, 2024, management does not believe there are any indications that MPLX will not be able to meet the construction milestones, that force majeure does not apply or that such fees and charges will otherwise be triggered. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should also be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included under Item 1. Financial Statements and in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Disclosures Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, contingencies or uncertainties. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as anticipate, believe, commitment, could, design, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, guidance, intend, may, objective, opportunity, outlook, plan, policy, position, potential, predict, priority, project, prospective, pursue, seek, should, strategy, target, will, would or other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. 
 Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding: 
 future financial and operating results; 
 environmental, social and governance ESG plans and goals, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions and intensity, biodiversity, diversity, equity and inclusion and ESG reporting; 
 future levels of capital, environmental or maintenance expenditures, general and administrative and other expenses; 
 the success or timing of completion of ongoing or anticipated capital or maintenance projects; 
 business strategies, growth opportunities and expected investments, including plans to grow stable cash flows, lower costs and return capital to unitholders; 
 the timing and amount of future distributions or unit repurchases; and 
 the anticipated effects of actions of third parties such as competitors, activist investors, federal, foreign, state or local regulatory authorities, or plaintiffs in litigation. 
 Our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and you should not rely unduly on them, as they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we cannot predict. Forward-looking and other statements regarding our ESG plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking ESG-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Material differences between actual results and any future performance suggested in our forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following: 
 general economic, political or regulatory developments, including inflation, interest rates, changes in governmental policies relating to refined petroleum products, crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, renewables, or taxation; 
 the ability of MPC to achieve its strategic objectives and the effects of those strategic decisions on us; 
 further impairments; 
 negative capital market conditions, including an increase of the current yield on common units; 
 the ability to achieve strategic and financial objectives, including with respect to distribution coverage, future distribution levels, proposed projects and completed transactions; 
 the success of MPC s portfolio optimization, including the ability to complete any divestitures on commercially reasonable terms and/or within the expected timeframe, and the effects of any such divestitures on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 consumer demand for refined products, natural gas, renewables and NGLs; 
 the adequacy of capital resources and liquidity, including the availability of sufficient cash flow to pay distributions and access to debt on commercially reasonable terms, and the ability to successfully execute business plans, growth strategies and self-funding models; 
 the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices and demand for crude oil, refined products, feedstocks or other hydrocarbon-based products, or renewables; 
 volatility in or degradation of general economic, market, industry or business conditions, including as a result of pandemics, other infectious disease outbreaks, natural hazards, extreme weather events, regional conflicts such as hostilities in the Middle East and Ukraine, inflation, or rising interest rates; 
 changes to the expected construction costs and timing of projects and planned investments, and the ability to obtain regulatory and other approvals with respect thereto; 
 the inability or failure of our joint venture partners to fund their share of operations and development activities; 
 the financing and distribution decisions of joint ventures we do not control; 
 the availability of desirable strategic alternatives to optimize portfolio assets and our ability to obtain regulatory and other approvals with respect thereto; 
 completion of midstream infrastructure by competitors; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 disruptions due to equipment interruption or failure, including electrical shortages and power grid failures; 
 the suspension, reduction or termination of MPC s obligations under MPLX s commercial agreements; 
 modifications to financial policies, capital budgets, and earnings and distributions; 
 the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or changes to credit ratings; 
 our ability to comply with federal and state environmental, economic, health and safety, energy and other policies and regulations or enforcement actions initiated thereunder; 
 adverse results in litigation; 
 the effect of restructuring or reorganization of business components; 
 the potential effects of changes in tariff rates on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 foreign imports and exports of crude oil, refined products, natural gas and NGLs; 
 changes in producer customers drilling plans or in volumes of throughput of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, refined products, other hydrocarbon-based products, or renewables; 
 changes in the cost or availability of third-party vessels, pipelines, railcars and other means of transportation for crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, feedstocks, refined products, or renewables; 
 the price, availability and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles and laws mandating such fuels or vehicles; 
 actions taken by our competitors, including pricing adjustments and the expansion and retirement of pipeline capacity, processing, fractionation and treating facilities in response to market conditions; 
 expectations regarding joint venture arrangements and other acquisitions or divestitures of assets; 
 midstream and refining industry overcapacity or undercapacity; 
 industrial incidents or other unscheduled shutdowns affecting our machinery, pipelines, processing, fractionation and treating facilities or equipment, means of transportation, or those of our suppliers or customers; 
 acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest that could impair our ability to gather, process, fractionate or transport crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, refined products, or renewables; 
 labor and material shortages; 
 the timing and ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and permits and to satisfy other conditions necessary to complete planned projects or to consummate planned transactions within the expected timeframe, if at all; 
 the availability of desirable strategic alternatives to optimize portfolio assets and the ability to obtain regulatory and other approvals with respect thereto; 
 political pressure and influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders that are adverse to the production, gathering, refining, processing, fractionation, transportation and marketing of crude oil or other feedstocks, refined products, natural gas, NGLs, other hydrocarbon-based products, or renewables; 
 the imposition of windfall profit taxes, maximum margin penalties or minimum inventory requirements on companies operating in the energy industry in California or other jurisdictions; and 
 our ability to successfully implement our sustainable energy strategy and principles and achieve our ESG goals and targets within the expected timeframe, if at all. 
 For additional risk factors affecting our business, see the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements except to the extent required by applicable law. 
 MPLX Overview 
 We are a diversified, large-cap master limited partnership formed by MPC in 2012 that owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and logistics assets, and provides fuels distribution services. The business consists of two segments based on the nature of services it offers: Logistics and Storage L S and Gathering and Processing G P ). 
 Our L S segment gathers, transports, stores and distributes crude oil, refined products, including renewable diesel, and other hydrocarbon-based products. Additionally, the segment markets refined products. The profitability of pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. The profitability of marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. The profitability of our terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at our terminals. The profitability of our fuels distribution services primarily depends on the sales volumes of certain refined products. The profitability of our refining logistics operations depends on the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. A majority of the crude oil and refined product shipments on our pipelines and marine vessels, the throughput at our terminals and refining logistics assets serve MPC and our fuels distribution services are used solely by MPC. We have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements related to services provided to MPC. Under these agreements, we receive various commitments of minimum throughput, storage and distribution volumes as well as commitments to pay for all available capacity of certain assets. The volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines, terminals and marine operations. Key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. The volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations. In most of our markets, demand for gasoline and distillate peaks during the summer driving season, which extends from May through September of each year, and declines during the fall and winter months. As with crude oil, other transportation alternatives and system maintenance levels influence refined product movements. 
 Our G P segment gathers, processes and transports natural gas and transports, fractionates, stores and markets NGLs. NGL and natural gas prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in fundamental supply and demand, as well as market uncertainty, availability of NGL transportation and fractionation capacity and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. G P segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing at our own or third party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index related prices and the cost of third party transportation and fractionation services. To the extent that commodity prices influence the level of natural gas drilling by our producer customers, such prices also affect profitability. 
 Significant Financial and Other Highlights 
 Significant financial highlights for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are shown in the chart below. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Information, the Results of Operations and the Liquidity and Capital Resources sections for further information. 
 
 (1) Non-GAAP measure. See reconciliations that follow for the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 Other Highlights 
 Returned 949 million and 2,849 million of capital to unitholders in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, via distributions and unit repurchases. 
 Announced a third quarter 2024 distribution of 0.9565 per common unit, representing a 12.5 increase over the prior quarter s distribution. 
 Acquired an additional 20 percent interest in the BANGL natural gas liquids pipeline, bringing our interest in the pipeline to 45 percent. 
 Our 200 MMcf/d Preakness II processing plant began operations in July. 
 Executing our growth strategy in the Northeast with the addition of Harmon Creek III, a 300 MMcf/d processing plant and 40 mbpd de-ethanizer; expected to bring total Northeast processing and fractionation capacity to 8.1 billion cubic feet per day and 800 mbpd, respectively, in the second half of 2026. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 Our management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance. These metrics are significant factors in assessing our operating results and profitability and include the non-GAAP financial measures of Adjusted EBITDA, DCF, adjusted free cash flow Adjusted FCF ), and Adjusted FCF after distributions. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA is a financial performance measure used by management, industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies to assess the financial performance and operating results of our ongoing business operations. Additionally, we believe adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors for trending, analyzing and benchmarking our operating results from period to period as compared to other companies that may have different financing and capital structures. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted for: (i) provision for income taxes; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) depreciation and amortization; (iv) income/(loss) from equity method investments; (v) distributions and adjustments related to equity method investments; (vi) impairment expense; (vii) noncontrolling interests; and (viii) other adjustments, as applicable. 
 DCF is a financial performance and liquidity measure used by management and by the board of directors of our general partner as a key component in the determination of cash distributions paid to unitholders. We believe DCF is an important financial measure for unitholders as an indicator of cash return on investment and to evaluate whether the partnership is generating sufficient cash flow to support quarterly distributions. In addition, DCF is commonly used by the investment community because the market value of publicly traded partnerships is based, in part, on DCF and cash distributions paid to unitholders. We define DCF as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for: (i) deferred revenue impacts; (ii) sales-type lease payments, net of income; (iii) adjusted net interest and other financial costs; (iv) net maintenance capital expenditures; (v) equity method investment capital expenditures paid out; and (vi) other adjustments as deemed necessary. 
 Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF after distributions are financial liquidity measures used by management in the allocation of capital and to assess financial performance. We believe that unitholders may use this metric to analyze our ability to manage leverage and return capital. We define Adjusted FCF as net cash provided by operating activities adjusted for: (i) net cash used in investing activities; (ii) cash contributions from MPC; and (iii) cash distributions to noncontrolling interests. We define Adjusted FCF after distributions as Adjusted FCF less base distributions to common and preferred unitholders. 
 We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, DCF, Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF after distributions provides useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA and DCF are net income and net cash provided by operating activities while the GAAP measure most directly comparable to Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF after distributions is net cash provided by operating activities. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered alternatives to net income or net cash provided by operating activities as they have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some but not all items that affect net income and net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Additionally, because non-GAAP financial measures may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definitions may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and DCF to their most directly comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Results of Operations. For a reconciliation of Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF after distributions to their most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables and discussion summarize our results of operations, including a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and DCF from Net income and Net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. This discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Financial Statements and is intended to provide investors with a reasonable basis for assessing our historical operations, but should not serve as the only criteria for predicting our future performance. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Revenues and other income: Total revenues and other income 2,972 2,912 60 8,870 8,315 555 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues (excludes items below) 404 367 37 1,159 1,023 136 Purchased product costs 403 474 (71) 1,148 1,234 (86) Rental cost of sales 22 20 2 61 60 1 Rental cost of sales - related parties 5 8 (3) 14 24 (10) Purchases - related parties 402 442 (40) 1,162 1,160 2 Depreciation and amortization 322 301 21 959 907 52 General and administrative expenses 107 102 5 323 280 43 Other taxes 32 44 (12) 99 102 (3) Total costs and expenses 1,697 1,758 (61) 4,925 4,790 135 Income from operations 1,275 1,154 121 3,945 3,525 420 Net interest and other financial costs 226 225 1 692 701 (9) Income before income taxes 1,049 929 120 3,253 2,824 429 Provision for income taxes 2 1 1 5 2 3 Net income 1,047 928 119 3,248 2,822 426 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 10 10 30 28 2 Net income attributable to MPLX LP 1,037 918 119 3,218 2,794 424 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to MPLX LP (1) 
 1,714 1,596 118 5,002 4,646 356 DCF attributable to MPLX (1) 
 1,446 1,373 73 4,220 3,956 264 
 (1) Non-GAAP measure. See reconciliation below to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA attributable to MPLX LP and DCF attributable to LP unitholders from Net income: Net income 1,047 928 119 3,248 2,822 426 Provision for income taxes 2 1 1 5 2 3 Net interest and other financial costs 226 225 1 692 701 (9) Income from operations 1,275 1,154 121 3,945 3,525 420 Depreciation and amortization 322 301 21 959 907 52 Income from equity method investments (149) (159) 10 (631) (438) (193) Distributions/adjustments related to equity method investments 253 208 45 671 551 120 Garyville incident response costs (1) 
 63 (63) 63 (63) Other (2) 
 24 40 (16) 91 69 22 Adjusted EBITDA 1,725 1,607 118 5,035 4,677 358 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interests (11) (11) (33) (31) (2) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to MPLX LP 1,714 1,596 118 5,002 4,646 356 Deferred revenue impacts (15) 25 (40) 6 65 (59) Sales-type lease payments, net of income 7 3 4 20 9 11 Adjusted net interest and other financial costs (3) 
 (212) (212) (651) (650) (1) Maintenance capital expenditures, net of reimbursements (40) (28) (12) (120) (93) (27) Equity method investment maintenance capital expenditures paid out (4) (4) (11) (11) Other (4) (7) 3 (26) (10) (16) DCF attributable to MPLX LP 1,446 1,373 73 4,220 3,956 264 Preferred unit distributions (6) (25) 19 (21) (76) 55 DCF attributable to LP unitholders 1,440 1,348 92 4,199 3,880 319 
 (1) In August 2023, a naphtha release and resulting fire occurred at our Garyville Tank Farm resulting in the loss of four storage tanks with a combined shell capacity of 894 thousand barrels Garyville Incident ). We incurred 63 million of incident response costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Includes unrealized derivative gain/(loss), equity-based compensation and other miscellaneous items. 
 (3) Represents Net interest and other financial costs excluding gain/loss on extinguishment of debt and amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA attributable to MPLX LP and DCF attributable to LP unitholders from Net cash provided by operating activities: Net cash provided by operating activities 1,415 1,244 171 4,271 3,908 363 Changes in working capital items 40 47 (7) (55) (76) 21 All other, net (3) (3) (13) 8 (21) Loss on extinguishment of debt 9 (9) Adjusted net interest and other financial costs (1) 
 212 212 651 650 1 Other adjustments to equity method investment distributions 34 13 21 75 25 50 Garyville incident response costs (2) 
 63 (63) 63 (63) Other 27 28 (1) 106 90 16 Adjusted EBITDA 1,725 1,607 118 5,035 4,677 358 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to noncontrolling interests (11) (11) (33) (31) (2) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to MPLX LP 1,714 1,596 118 5,002 4,646 356 Deferred revenue impacts (15) 25 (40) 6 65 (59) Sales-type lease payments, net of income 7 3 4 20 9 11 Adjusted net interest and other financial costs (1) 
 (212) (212) (651) (650) (1) Maintenance capital expenditures, net of reimbursements (40) (28) (12) (120) (93) (27) Equity method investment maintenance capital expenditures paid out (4) (4) (11) (11) Other (4) (7) 3 (26) (10) (16) DCF attributable to MPLX LP 1,446 1,373 73 4,220 3,956 264 Preferred unit distributions (6) (25) 19 (21) (76) 55 DCF attributable to LP unitholders 1,440 1,348 92 4,199 3,880 319 
 (1) Represents Net interest and other financial costs excluding gain/loss on extinguishment of debt and amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 (2) We incurred 63 million of Garyville Incident response costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Total revenues and other income increased 60 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The increase was driven by higher pipeline tariff rates and other fee escalations, as well as incremental revenues from the consolidation of MarkWest Tor ado GP, L.L.C. Tor ado in December 2023 (the Tor ado Acquisition and the acquisition of additional ownership interest in existing joint ventures and gathering assets in the Utica basin (the Utica Midstream Acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024. The increases were partially offset with a 33 million decrease in product related revenue as a result of lower NGL prices and sales volumes within the G P segment. 
 Cost of revenues increased 37 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The increase is primarily due to higher volumes and is attributable to costs that are largely offset in revenues. The third quarter of 2024 also includes an increase of 9 million as a result of the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023 as well as higher project-related spending. 
 Purchased product costs decreased 71 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to lower NGL volumes of 40 million, lower NGL prices of 24 million and a 7 million decrease in the fair value of an embedded derivative in a natural gas purchase commitment. 
 Purchases - related parties decreased 40 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease was driven by 63 million of Garyville Incident response costs recognized in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was partially offset by changes in presentation driven by modification of an agreement with MPC in the first quarter of 2024 and higher employee costs from MPC. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 21 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to incremental depreciation associated with assets acquired in conjunction with the Tor ado Acquisition in December 2023 and the Utica Midstream Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024, as well as other assets placed in service 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 subsequent to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Total revenues and other income increased 555 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to higher pipeline tariff rates within in the L S segment, higher volumes and throughput fee rates within the G P segment, and incremental revenues from the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023 and the Utica Midstream Acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024. The increase also includes a 151 million gain related to the strategic transaction combining the Whistler and Rio Bravo natural gas assets that was completed in the second quarter of 2024 (the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction ), a 25 million benefit from business interruption insurance proceeds and a 20 million gain related to an equity method investment acquisition in the first quarter of 2024. Income from equity method investments also benefited from increased throughput on equity method investment pipeline systems in the 2024 period. 
 Cost of revenues increased 136 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The increase is primarily due to higher volumes and is attributable to costs that are largely offset in revenues. The increase also includes 33 million as a result of the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023 as well as higher project-related spending. 
 Purchased product costs decreased 86 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to lower NGL volumes of 87 million and lower NGL prices of 8 million, partially offset by a change of 9 million due to changes in the fair value of an embedded derivative in a natural gas purchase commitment. 
 Purchases - related parties increased 2 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. Higher costs in the first nine months of 2024 related to changes in presentation driven by the modification of an agreement with MPC in the first quarter of 2024 and higher costs from MPC, including employee costs, were largely offset by a decrease related to 63 million of Garyville Incident response costs recognized in the 2023 period. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 52 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to incremental depreciation associated with assets acquired in conjunction with the Tor ado Acquisition in December 2023 and the Utica Midstream Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024, as well as other assets placed in service subsequent to the third quarter of 2023. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 43 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, due to increased contractor service costs and higher employee costs from MPC. 
 
 Segment Results 
 We classify our business in the following reportable segments: L S and G P. We evaluate the performance of our segments using Segment Adjusted EBITDA. Segment Adjusted EBITDA represents Adjusted EBITDA attributable to the reportable segments. Amounts included in net income and excluded from Segment Adjusted EBITDA include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) income/(loss) from equity method investments; (iv) distributions and adjustments related to equity method investments; (v) impairment expense; (vi) noncontrolling interests; and (vii) other adjustments, as applicable. These items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment; or (iii) are not tied to the operational performance of the segment. 
 The tables below present information about Segment Adjusted EBITDA for the reported segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 L S Segment 
 Third Quarter L S Segment Financial Highlights (in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Service revenue 1,158 1,130 28 3,367 3,223 144 Rental income 223 216 7 666 638 28 Product related revenue 5 6 (1) 14 14 Sales-type lease revenue 118 129 (11) 359 379 (20) Income from equity method investments 80 95 (15) 429 248 181 Other income 33 15 18 113 47 66 Total segment revenues and other income 1,617 1,591 26 4,948 4,549 399 Cost of revenues 167 158 9 466 451 15 Purchases - related parties 291 341 (50) 840 848 (8) Depreciation and amortization 132 130 2 393 399 (6) General and administrative expenses 62 60 2 189 160 29 Other taxes 22 32 (10) 62 71 (9) Total costs and expenses 674 721 (47) 1,950 1,929 21 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 1,157 1,091 66 3,384 3,139 245 Capital expenditures 112 73 39 299 251 48 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (1) 
 10 7 3 103 23 80 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes a contribution of 92 million to a joint venture Dakota Access that owns and operates the Dakota Access Pipeline and Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline projects to fund our share of a debt repayment by the joint venture. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Service revenue increased 28 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily driven by 18 million of higher pipeline tariff rates and other fee escalations, in addition to changes in presentation driven by agreement modifications. 
 Sales-type lease revenue decreased 11 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to changes in the presentation of lease income between service revenue, rental income and sales-type lease revenue due to modifications of lease contracts. 
 Income from equity method investments decreased 15 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily driven by financing costs incurred at the joint venture level. See Supplemental Information on Equity Method Investments for additional information regarding the results of our equity method investments. 
 Other income increased 18 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to changes in presentation driven by modification of an agreement with MPC in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Purchases - related parties decreased 50 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to Garyville Incident response costs of 63 million recognized in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by changes in presentation driven by modification of an agreement with MPC in the first quarter of 2024 and higher employee costs from MPC. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Service revenue increased 144 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily driven by 150 million of higher pipeline tariff rates and other fee escalations, changes in presentation driven by agreement modifications and additional marine equipment, partially offset by 12 million due to lower throughput. 
 Rental income increased 28 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to 29 million of fee escalations related to our refining logistics assets, partially offset by changes in presentation driven by agreement modifications. 
 Sales-type lease revenue decreased 20 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to changes in the presentation of lease income between service revenue, rental income and sales-type lease revenue due to modifications of lease contracts. 
 Income from equity methods investments increased 181 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily driven by a 151 million gain related to the dilution of our ownership interest in connection with the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction, as well as increased throughput on equity method investment pipeline systems. These increases were partially offset by higher financing costs incurred at the joint venture level. See Supplemental Information on Equity Method Investments for additional information regarding the results of our equity method investments. 
 Other income increased 66 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to changes in presentation driven by modification of an agreement with MPC in the first quarter of 2024 and business interruption insurance proceeds. 
 Cost of revenues increased 15 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This is primarily due to higher project-related spending. The increase was partially offset by changes in presentation driven by agreement modifications of 10 million. 
 Purchases - related parties decreased 8 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to Garyville Incident response costs of 63 million recognized in the 2023 period, partially offset by changes in presentation driven by agreement modifications and 15 million of higher employee costs from MPC. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 29 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to increased contractor service costs and higher employee costs, including those from MPC. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 L S Operating Data 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 L S Pipeline throughput (mbpd) Crude oil pipelines 3,895 3,911 3,769 3,796 Product pipelines 2,056 1,975 1,987 2,027 Total pipelines 5,951 5,886 5,756 5,823 Average tariff rates per barrel) (1) 
 Crude oil pipelines 1.01 0.99 1.01 0.95 Product pipelines 1.01 0.99 0.99 0.88 Total pipelines 1.01 0.99 1.00 0.93 Terminal throughput (mbpd) 3,268 3,228 3,132 3,167 Marine Assets (number in operation) (2) 
 Barges 311 305 311 305 Towboats 28 27 28 27 
 (1) Average tariff rates calculated using pipeline transportation revenues divided by pipeline throughput barrels. Transportation revenues include tariff and other fees, which may vary by region and nature of services provided. 
 (2) Represents total at end of period. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 G P Segment 
 Third Quarter G P Segment Financial Highlights (in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Service revenue 617 549 68 1,785 1,620 165 Rental income 56 52 4 165 155 10 Product related revenue 565 598 (33) 1,606 1,629 (23) Sales-type lease revenue 34 34 102 101 1 Income from equity method investments 69 64 5 202 190 12 Other income 14 24 (10) 62 71 (9) Total segment revenues and other income 1,355 1,321 34 3,922 3,766 156 Cost of revenues 264 237 27 768 656 112 Purchased product costs 403 474 (71) 1,148 1,234 (86) Purchases - related parties 111 101 10 322 312 10 Depreciation and amortization 190 171 19 566 508 58 General and administrative expenses 45 42 3 134 120 14 Other taxes 10 12 (2) 37 31 6 Total costs and expenses 1,023 1,037 (14) 2,975 2,861 114 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 557 505 52 1,618 1,507 111 Capital expenditures 189 151 38 421 417 4 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 22 6 16 83 67 16 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Service revenue increased 68 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to 39 million of incremental revenues from the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023 and an increase of 15 million from the Utica Midstream Acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024, as well as higher volumes and higher throughput fee rates across the Marcellus, Rockies and Bakken of 21 million. The increases were partially offset by lower volumes in the STACK Shale basin in the Southwest. 
 Product related revenue decreased 33 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to lower NGL prices in the Southwest of 31 million and lower NGL sales volumes in the Southwest of 20 million, partially offset by changes in the fair value of our propane contracts of 11 million and higher NGL sales volumes in the Rockies of 7 million. 
 Cost of revenues increased 27 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This increase is primarily due to higher volumes across all regions and is attributable to costs that are largely offset in Service revenue and Product related revenue. Cost of revenues also increased 9 million as a result of the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023 and increased 5 million from the Utica Midstream acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Purchased product costs decreased 71 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to lower NGL volumes in the Southwest of 40 million, lower NGL prices in the Southwest of 24 million and a 7 million decrease in the fair value of an embedded derivative in a natural gas purchase commitment. 
 Purchases - related parties increased 10 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The increase includes higher transportation costs in the Southwest and increased employee costs from MPC. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization increased 19 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to incremental depreciation associated with assets acquired in the Tor ado Acquisition in December 2023 and the Utica Midstream Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024, as well as other assets placed in service subsequent to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Service revenue increased 165 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to 93 million of incremental revenues from the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023, an increase of 30 million from the Utica Midstream Acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024, as well as higher volumes and higher throughput fee rates across the Marcellus, Rockies and Bakken of 78 million. The increases were partially offset by lower volumes in the STACK Shale basin in the Southwest. 
 Product related revenue decreased 23 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to lower NGL sales volumes in the Southwest of 51 million and lower NGL prices in the Southwest and Rockies of 33 million, partially offset by higher NGL volumes in the Rockies and Bakken of 63 million. 
 Income from equity method investments increased 12 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to higher volumes and higher throughput fee rates in the Utica and Marcellus of 22 million in addition to incremental income from the Utica Midstream Acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024, partially offset by a 26 million decrease from the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023. See Supplemental Information on Equity Method Investments for additional information regarding the results of our equity method investments. 
 Cost of revenues increased 112 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This increase is primarily due to higher volumes in the Rockies, Bakken and Marcellus and is attributable to costs that are largely offset in Service revenue and Product related revenue. Cost of revenues also increased 33 million as a result of the consolidation of Tor ado in December 2023 and increased 8 million from the Utica Midstream Acquisition that was completed in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Purchased product costs decreased 86 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to lower NGL volumes in the Southwest of 87 million and lower NGL prices in the Southwest of 8 million, partially offset by an increase of 9 million due to changes in the fair value of an embedded derivative in a natural gas purchase commitment. 
 Purchases - related parties increased 10 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to increased employee costs from MPC and higher transportation costs in the Southwest. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 58 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. This was primarily due to incremental depreciation associated with assets acquired in conjunction with the Tor ado Acquisition in December 2023 and the Utica Midstream Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024, as well as other assets placed in service subsequent to the third quarter of 2023. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 G P Operating Data 
 
 (1) Other includes Southern Appalachia, Bakken and Rockies Operations. 
 MPLX LP (1) 
 MPLX LP Operated (2) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 G P Gathering Throughput (MMcf/d) Marcellus Operations 1,527 1,376 1,527 1,376 Utica Operations 354 2,616 2,375 Southwest Operations 1,813 1,302 1,813 1,742 Bakken Operations 181 160 181 160 Rockies Operations 542 490 600 604 Total gathering throughput 4,417 3,328 6,737 6,257 Natural Gas Processed (MMcf/d) Marcellus Operations 4,393 4,187 6,013 5,803 Utica Operations 794 557 Southwest Operations 1,977 1,405 1,977 1,744 Southern Appalachia Operations 215 207 215 207 Bakken Operations 179 159 179 159 Rockies Operations 597 491 597 491 Total natural gas processed 7,361 6,449 9,775 8,961 C2 + NGLs Fractionated (mbpd) Marcellus Operations (3) 
 550 546 550 546 Utica Operations (3) 
 48 34 Southern Appalachia Operations 12 10 12 10 Bakken Operations 20 20 20 20 Rockies Operations 5 3 5 3 Total C2 + NGLs fractionated (4) 
 587 579 635 613 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 MPLX LP (1) 
 MPLX LP Operated (2) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 G P Gathering Throughput (MMcf/d) Marcellus Operations 1,515 1,353 1,515 1,353 Utica Operations 239 2,522 2,387 Southwest Operations 1,668 1,345 1,668 1,775 Bakken Operations 183 159 183 159 Rockies Operations 563 463 639 584 Total gathering throughput 4,168 3,320 6,527 6,258 Natural Gas Processed (MMcf/d) Marcellus Operations 4,360 4,107 5,963 5,683 Utica Operations 801 533 Southwest Operations 1,786 1,442 1,786 1,771 Southern Appalachian Operations 218 219 218 219 Bakken Operations 182 157 182 157 Rockies Operations 622 472 622 472 Total natural gas processed 7,168 6,397 9,572 8,835 C2 + NGLs Fractionated (mbpd) Marcellus Operations (3) 
 558 533 558 533 Utica Operations (3) 
 49 31 Southern Appalachian Operations 12 10 12 10 Bakken Operations 20 19 20 19 Rockies Operations 5 3 5 3 Total C2 + NGLs fractionated (4) 
 595 565 644 596 
 (1) This column represents operating data for entities that have been consolidated into the MPLX financial statements. 
 (2) This column represents operating data for entities that have been consolidated into the MPLX financial statements as well as operating data for MPLX-operated equity method investments. 
 (3) Entities within the Marcellus and Utica Operations jointly own the Hopedale fractionation complex. Hopedale throughput is included in the Marcellus and Utica Operations and represents each region s utilization of the complex. 
 (4) Purity ethane makes up approximately 246 mbpd of MPLX LP consolidated total fractionated products for both of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and approximately 258 mbpd and 240 mbpd of total fractionated products for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Purity ethane makes up approximately 262 mbpd and 254 mbpd of MPLX LP Operated total fractionated products for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and approximately 273 mbpd and 246 mbpd of total fractionated products for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Pricing Information Natural Gas NYMEX HH per MMBtu) 2.23 2.66 2.22 2.58 C2 + NGL Pricing per gallon) (1) 
 0.67 0.68 0.70 0.69 
 (1) C2 + NGL pricing based on Mont Belvieu prices assuming an NGL barrel of approximately 35 percent ethane, 35 percent propane, six percent Iso-Butane, 12 percent normal butane and 12 percent natural gasoline. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Information on Equity Method Investments 
 The following table presents MPLX s income (loss) from equity method investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income (loss) from equity method investments: L S BANGL, LLC (3) (1) 2 Illinois Extension Pipeline Company, L.L.C. 15 10 44 35 LOOP LLC 3 5 9 13 MarEn Bakken Company LLC 23 22 76 63 WPC Parent, LLC (1) 
 16 26 218 57 Other 26 33 80 80 Total L S 80 95 429 248 G P MarkWest EMG Jefferson Dry Gas Gathering Company, L.L.C. 17 16 53 51 MarkWest Utica EMG, L.L.C. 19 17 57 39 Ohio Gathering Company L.L.C. 4 7 Sherwood Midstream LLC 27 27 81 77 Other 2 4 4 23 Total G P 69 64 202 190 Total 149 159 631 438 
 (1) In May 2024, MPLX completed the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction, which resulted in the formation of a new entity, WPC Parent, LLC. Results include the equity method investment income of our interest in Whistler Pipeline, LLC, prior to the transaction date, and results of the equity method investment income of our ownership in WPC Parent, LLC, subsequent to the transaction date. The nine months ended September 30, 2024 include a gain of 151 million related to the dilution of our ownership interest in connection with the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction. 
 
 The following table presents the impact of equity method investment distributions and other adjustments included in MPLX s EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Distributions/adjustments related to equity method investments: L S BANGL, LLC 7 7 Illinois Extension Pipeline Company, L.L.C. 18 13 41 34 LOOP LLC 5 14 4 MarEn Bakken Company LLC 27 29 87 86 WPC Parent, LLC (1) 
 56 36 123 68 Other 37 35 110 86 Total L S 150 113 382 278 G P MarkWest EMG Jefferson Dry Gas Gathering Company, L.L.C. 22 20 62 67 MarkWest Utica EMG, L.L.C. 32 27 90 62 Ohio Gathering Company L.L.C. 13 24 Sherwood Midstream LLC 28 28 90 83 Other 8 20 23 61 Total G P 103 95 289 273 Total 253 208 671 551 
 (1) In May 2024, MPLX completed the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction, which resulted in the formation of a new entity, WPC Parent, LLC. Results include the equity method investment distributions and adjustments of our interest in Whistler Pipeline, LLC, prior to the transaction date, and results of the equity method investment distributions and adjustments of our ownership in WPC Parent, LLC, subsequent to the transaction date. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 The volume of crude oil and refined products transported and stored utilizing our assets is affected by the level of supply and demand for crude oil and refined products in the markets served directly or indirectly by our assets. The majority of effects of seasonality on the L S segment s revenues are mitigated through the use of capacity-based agreements and minimum volume commitments. 
 In our G P segment, we experience minimal impacts from seasonal fluctuations, which impact the demand for natural gas and NGLs and the related commodity prices caused by various factors including variations in weather patterns from year to year. Overall, our exposure to the seasonality fluctuations is limited due to the nature of our fee-based business. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Our cash and cash equivalents were 2,426 million at September 30, 2024 and 1,048 million at December 31, 2023. The change in cash and cash equivalents was due to the factors discussed below. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 4,271 3,908 Investing activities (1,646) (727) Financing activities (1,247) (2,459) Total 1,378 722 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 363 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to improved results from operations during the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased 919 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily due to the Utica Midstream Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024 and higher capital spending. The first nine months of 2024 also reflects the acquisition of additional interest in BANGL, LLC in the third quarter of 2024 as well as higher contributions to equity method investments, including a 92 million contribution to Dakota Access to fund our share of a scheduled debt repayment by the joint venture. The increases were partially offset by a 134 million cash distribution received in the second quarter of 2024, recorded as a return of capital, in connection with the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction. 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 1,212 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance of 1.65 billion aggregate principal amount of 2034 Senior Notes during the first nine months of 2024. This decrease was partially offset by the return of capital to unitholders through unit repurchases of 226 million, as well as higher distributions paid to unitholders of 204 million during the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, as a result of the 10 percent increase in our base distribution effective for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF after distributions from net cash provided by operating activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities (1) 
 1,415 1,244 4,271 3,908 Adjustments to reconcile net cash provided by operating activities to adjusted free cash flow Net cash used in investing activities (2) 
 (536) (236) (1,646) (727) Contributions from MPC 8 7 26 20 Distributions to noncontrolling interests (11) (11) (33) (30) Adjusted FCF 876 1,004 2,618 3,171 Distributions paid to common and preferred unitholders (873) (799) (2,623) (2,419) Adjusted FCF after distributions 3 205 (5) 752 
 (1) The three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 include working capital builds of 40 million and 47 million, respectively. The nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 include working capital draws of 55 million and 76 million, respectively. 
 (2) The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include 210 million and 18 million related to the acquisition of additional interests in BANGL, LLC and Wink to Webster Pipeline LLC, respectively. The nine months ended September 30, 2024 include a 134 million cash distribution received in connection with the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction, 622 million, net of cash acquired, related to the Utica Midstream Acquisition and a contribution of 92 million to Dakota Access to fund our share of a debt repayment by the joint venture. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Debt and Liquidity Overview 
 On May 20, 2024, MPLX issued 1.65 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2034 Senior Notes in an underwritten public offering. The 2034 Senior Notes were offered at a price to the public of 98.778 percent of par, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, commencing on December 1, 2024. MPLX intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2034 Senior Notes to repay, redeem, or otherwise retire some or all of (i) MPLX s outstanding 1,149 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 percent senior notes due December 2024, (ii) MarkWest s outstanding 1 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 percent senior notes due December 2024 and (iii) MPLX s outstanding 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000 percent senior notes due February 2025, and in the interim may use such net proceeds for general partnership purposes. 
 Our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. As of September 30, 2024, the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt were as follows: 
 Rating Agency Rating Moody s Baa2 (stable outlook) Standard Poor s BBB (stable outlook) Fitch BBB (stable outlook) 
 The ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities. Although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment grade rating, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. The ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant. A rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of ratings from other rating agencies. 
 The agreements governing our debt obligations do not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments solely in the event that our credit ratings are downgraded. However, any downgrades in the credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt ratings to below investment grade ratings could, among other things, increase the applicable interest rates and other fees payable under the MPLX Credit Agreement and may limit our ability to obtain future financing, including refinancing existing indebtedness. 
 Our liquidity totaled 5.9 billion at September 30, 2024 consisting of: 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Total Capacity Outstanding Borrowings Available Capacity MPLX Credit Agreement 2,000 2,000 MPC Loan Agreement 1,500 1,500 Total 3,500 3,500 Cash and cash equivalents 2,426 Total liquidity 5,926 
 We expect our ongoing sources of liquidity to include cash generated from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and access to capital markets. We believe that cash generated from these sources will be sufficient to meet our short-term and long-term funding requirements, including working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, and quarterly cash distributions. Our material future obligations include interest on debt, payments of debt principal, purchase obligations including contracts to acquire plant, property and equipment, and our operating leases and service agreements. We may also, from time to time, repurchase our senior notes or preferred units in the open market, in tender offers, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in such volumes, at market prices and upon such other terms as we deem appropriate and execute unit repurchases under our unit repurchase program. 
 MPC manages our cash and cash equivalents on our behalf directly with third-party institutions as part of the treasury services that it provides to us under our omnibus agreement. From time to time, we may also utilize other sources of liquidity, including the formation of joint ventures or sales of non-strategic assets. 
 MPLX s credit agreement (the MPLX Credit Agreement matures in July 2027 and contains certain representations and warranties, affirmative and restrictive covenants and events of default that we consider to be usual and customary for an agreement of this type. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with such covenants. 
 MPLX is party to a loan agreement with MPC (the MPC Loan Agreement ), which was renewed on July 31, 2024. The MPC Loan Agreement is now scheduled to expire, and borrowings under the loan agreement are scheduled to mature and become due and payable, on July 31, 2029, provided that MPC may demand payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the loan, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts (if any), at any time prior to maturity. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Equity and Preferred Units Overview 
 Unit Repurchase Program 
 On August 2, 2022, we announced the board authorization for the repurchase of up to 1.0 billion of MPLX common units held by the public. The authorization has no expiration date. We may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated unit repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for units, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended, discontinued, or restarted at any time. 
 Total unit repurchases were as follows for the respective periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per unit data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Number of common units repurchased 1.8 5.5 Cash paid for common units repurchased (1) 
 76 226 Average cost per unit (1) 
 42.89 41.32 
 (1) Cash paid for common units repurchased and average cost per unit includes commissions paid to brokers during the period. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 620 million remaining under the unit repurchase authorization. 
 Series A Redeemable Preferred Unit Conversions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain Series A preferred unitholders exercised their rights to convert their Series A preferred units into approximately 21 million common units. Approximately 6 million Series A preferred units remain outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Distributions 
 On October 29, 2024, MPLX declared a cash distribution for the third quarter of 2024, totaling 974 million, or 0.9565 per common unit. This distribution will be paid on November 15, 2024, to common unitholders of record on November 8, 2024. Although our partnership agreement requires that we distribute all of our available cash (as defined in the partnership agreement) each quarter, we do not otherwise have a legal obligation to distribute any particular amount per common unit. This rate will also be received by Series A preferred unitholders. 
 The allocation of total cash distributions is as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. MPLX s distributions are declared subsequent to quarter end; therefore, the following table represents total cash distributions applicable to the period in which the distributions were earned. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per unit data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Distribution declared: Limited partner units - public 355 301 986 849 Limited partner units - MPC 619 550 1,720 1,554 Total LP distribution declared 974 851 2,706 2,403 Series A preferred units 6 25 21 71 Series B preferred units (1) 
 5 Total distribution declared 980 876 2,727 2,479 Quarterly cash distributions declared per limited partner common unit 0.9565 0.8500 2.6565 2.4000 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2023, includes the portion of the 21 million distribution paid to the Series B preferred unitholders on February 15, 2023, that was earned during the period prior to redemption. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Expenditures 
 Our operations are capital intensive, requiring investments to expand, upgrade, enhance or maintain existing operations and to meet environmental and operational regulations. Our capital requirements consist of growth capital expenditures and maintenance capital expenditures. Growth capital expenditures are those incurred for acquisitions or capital improvements that we expect will increase our operating capacity for volumes gathered, processed, transported or fractionated or decrease operating expenses within our facilities or increase operating income over the long term. Examples of growth capital expenditures include costs to develop or acquire additional pipeline, terminal, processing or storage capacity. In general, growth capital includes costs that are expected to generate additional or new cash flow for MPLX. In contrast, maintenance capital expenditures are those made to replace partially or fully depreciated assets, to maintain the existing operating capacity of our assets and to extend their useful lives, or other capital expenditures that are incurred in maintaining existing system volumes and related cash flows. 
 MPLX s initial capital investment plan for 2024 is 1.1 billion, net of reimbursements, which includes growth capital of 950 million and maintenance capital of 150 million. The capital outlook excludes a 92 million equity method investment contribution made in March 2024 for the repayment of MPLX s share of the Dakota Access joint venture s debt, which reduced our maximum potential undiscounted payments under the Contingent Equity Contribution Agreement. Growth capital expenditures and investments in affiliates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were primarily for gas processing plants in the Marcellus and Permian basins and gathering projects in the Marcellus, Utica and Permian basins. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. 
 Our capital expenditures are shown in the table below: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Capital expenditures: Growth capital expenditures 569 555 Growth capital reimbursements (64) (119) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (1) 
 186 90 Return of capital (4) Capitalized interest (12) (10) Total growth capital expenditures (2) 
 675 516 Maintenance capital expenditures 151 113 Maintenance capital reimbursements (31) (20) Capitalized interest (2) (1) Total maintenance capital expenditures 118 92 Total growth and maintenance capital expenditures 793 608 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (1) 
 (186) (90) Return of capital 4 Growth and maintenance capital reimbursements (3) 
 95 139 Decrease/(Increase) in capital accruals 28 (6) Capitalized interest 14 11 Additions to property, plant and equipment (1) 
 748 662 
 (1) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, exclude 210 million and 18 million related to the acquisition of additional interests in BANGL, LLC and Wink to Webster Pipeline LLC, respectively. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates and additions to property, plant and equipment are shown as separate lines within investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 (2) Total growth capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, exclude 622 million of acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and a 134 million cash distribution received in connection with the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction. 
 (3) Growth capital reimbursements are generally included in changes in deferred revenue within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Maintenance capital reimbursements are included in the Contributions from MPC line within financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 We participate in joint ventures, which, in turn, also invest in capital projects. Certain joint ventures require that we fund our proportionate share of capital expenditures through contributions to the joint venture, while others finance the projects at the joint venture level. Capital contributions will depend upon the joint ventures capital requirements, including funding capital projects or repayment of long-term obligations. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Growth capital projects funded through debt at the joint venture level or through cash from operations of the joint venture do not require contributions by us. Our pro-rata share of these growth capital projects for our equity method investments are shown in the table below. 
 MPLX Ownership Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except ownership percentages) 2024 2023 BANGL, LLC 45 84 9 MXP Parent, LLC (1) 
 5 47 22 WPC Parent, LLC (2) 
 30 18 73 All other 43 33 Total 192 137 
 (1) Includes growth capital for Matterhorn Express Pipeline. 
 (2) Disclosed amounts include growth capital related to WPC Parent, LLC, including the ADCC Pipeline lateral, Rio Bravo Pipeline, Whistler Pipeline, and Blackcomb Pipeline, in addition to MPLX s 12.5 percent direct ownership interest in the Blackcomb Pipeline. 
 Debt at the joint venture level is typically secured by the assets owned by the joint venture and, unless otherwise noted, is non-recourse to MPLX other than with respect to our equity method investment. At September 30, 2024, debt held by our unconsolidated joint ventures based on our equity ownership percentage was 1.6 billion. 
 
 Cash Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, our material cash commitments included debt, finance and operating lease obligations, purchase obligations for services and to acquire property, plant and equipment, and other liabilities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our debt obligations increased due to the issuance of the 1.65 billion aggregate principal amount of 2034 Senior Notes, described in Liquidity and Capital Resources - Debt and Liquidity Overview. There were no other material changes to our cash commitments outside the ordinary course of business. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements comprise those arrangements that may potentially impact our liquidity, capital resources and results of operations, even though such arrangements are not recorded as liabilities under GAAP. Our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to guarantees that are described in Note 16 of the unaudited consolidated financial statements and indemnities as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Although these arrangements serve a variety of our business purposes, we are not dependent on them to maintain our liquidity and capital resources, and we are not aware of any circumstances that are reasonably likely to cause the off-balance sheet arrangements to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 As of September 30, 2024, MPC owned our general partner and an approximate 64 percent limited partner interest in us. We perform a variety of services for MPC related to the transportation of crude and refined products, including renewables, via pipeline or marine, as well as terminal services, storage services and fuels distribution and marketing services, among others. The services that we provide may be based on regulated tariff rates or on contracted rates. In addition, MPC performs certain services for us related to information technology, engineering, legal, accounting, treasury, human resources and other administrative services. 
 The below table shows the percentage of Total revenues and other income as well as Total costs and expenses with MPC: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues and other income (1) 
 49 49 50 50 Total costs and expenses 27 29 27 28 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 excludes gain on dilution of ownership interest related to the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction. 
 For further discussion of agreements and activity with MPC and related parties see Item 1. Business in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Note 5 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Environmental Matters and Compliance Costs 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. If these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. We believe that substantially all of our competitors 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 must comply with similar environmental laws and regulations. However, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the age and location of its operating facilities. 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, actual expenditures may vary as the number and scope of environmental projects are revised as a result of improved technology or changes in regulatory requirements. There have been no material changes to our environmental matters and compliance costs since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Tax Matters 
 Our U.S. federal income tax returns for the years 2019 through 2022 are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements will be effective for our financial statements in the future. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks related to the volatility of commodity prices. We employ various strategies, including the potential use of commodity derivative instruments, to economically hedge the risks related to these price fluctuations. We are also exposed to market risks related to changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any open financial or commodity derivative instruments to hedge the economic risks related to interest rate fluctuations; however, we continually monitor the market and our exposure and may enter into these arrangements in the future. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The information about commodity price risk for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 does not differ materially from that discussed in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Outstanding Derivative Contracts 
 See Notes 10 and 11 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for more information about the fair value measurement of our derivative instruments, as well as the amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income. We do not designate any of our commodity derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk and Sensitivity Analysis 
 Sensitivity analysis of the effect of a hypothetical 100-basis-point change in interest rates on outstanding third-party debt, excluding finance leases, is provided in the following table. Fair value of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued interest approximate carrying value and are relatively insensitive to changes in interest rates due to the short-term maturity of the instruments. Accordingly, these instruments are excluded from the table. 
 (In millions) Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 (1) 
 Change in Fair Value (2) 
 Change in Income Before Income Taxes for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (3) 
 Outstanding debt Fixed-rate 21,494 1,649 N/A Variable-rate (4) 
 
 (1) Fair value was based on market prices, where available, or current borrowing rates for financings with similar terms and maturities. 
 (2) Assumes a 100-basis-point decrease in the weighted average yield-to-maturity at September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Assumes a 100-basis-point change in interest rates. The change to income before income taxes was based on the weighted average balance of all outstanding variable-rate debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (4) MPLX had no outstanding borrowings on the MPLX Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 At September 30, 2024, our portfolio of third party debt consisted of fixed-rate instruments and outstanding borrowings, if any, under the MPLX Credit Agreement. The fair value of our fixed-rate debt is relatively sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. Our sensitivity to interest rate declines and corresponding increases in the fair value of our debt portfolio unfavorably affects our results of operations and cash flows only when we elect to repurchase or otherwise retire fixed-rate debt at prices above carrying 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 value. Interest rate fluctuations generally do not impact the fair value of borrowings under our MPLX Credit Agreement, but may affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 See Note 10 in the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the fair value of our debt. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of our general partner. Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of our general partner concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are the subject of, or a party to, a number of pending or threatened legal actions, contingencies and commitments involving a variety of matters, including laws and regulations relating to the environment. While it is possible that an adverse result in one or more of the lawsuits or proceedings in which we are a defendant could be material to us, based upon current information and our experience as a defendant in other matters, we believe that these lawsuits and proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Item 103 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions, unless we reasonably believe that the matter will result in no monetary sanctions, or in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of less than a specified threshold. We use a threshold of 1 million for this purpose. 
 There have been no material changes to the legal matters previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our purchases during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of equity securities that are registered by MPLX pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 Millions of Dollars Period Total Number of Common Units Purchased Average Price Paid per Common Unit (1) 
 Total Number of Common Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Common Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2)(3) 
 7/1/2024-7/31/2024 451,060 42.67 451,060 677 8/1/2024-8/31/2024 628,151 42.20 628,151 650 9/1/2024-9/30/2024 696,554 43.66 696,554 620 Total 1,775,765 42.89 1,775,765 
 (1) Amounts in this column reflect the weighted average price paid for units purchased under our unit repurchase authorization. The weighted average price includes any commissions paid to brokers during the relevant period. 
 (2) On August 2, 2022, we announced the board authorization for the repurchase of up to 1 billion of MPLX common units held by the public. Th is unit repurchase authorization has no expiration date. 
 (3) T he maximum dollar value remaining has been reduced by the amount of any commissions paid to brokers during the relevant period. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference From Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date SEC File No. Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 3.1 Certificate of Limited Partnership of MPLX LP 
 S-1 3.1 7/2/2012 333-182500 3.2 Amendment to the Certificate of Limited Partnership of MPLX LP 
 S-1/A 3.2 10/9/2012 333-182500 3.3 Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of MPLX LP, dated as of February 1, 2021 
 8-K 3.1 2/3/2021 001-35714 10.1 Second Amendment , dated as of July 31, 2024 , to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement , dated as of July 31, 2019 , by and between MPLX LP and MPC Investment LLC 
 10-Q 10.2 8/6/2024 001-35714 10.2 Ninth Amendment to the Terminal Services Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2024, by and between the MPLX LP and Marathon Petroleum Corporation subsidiaries party thereto 
 X 10.3 Ninth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Terminal Services Agreement, dated September 1, 2024, between MPLX Terminals LLC and Marathon Petroleum Company LP 
 X 10.4 MPLX LP 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan MPC Non-Employee Director Phantom Unit Award Policy, as amended and restated October 1, 2024 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document: The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement in which one or more directors or executive officers of the Registrant may be participants. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 MPLX LP By: MPLX GP LLC Its general partner Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Kelly D. Wright Kelly D. Wright Vice President and Controller of MPLX GP LLC (the general partner of MPLX LP) 
 
 50 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 mplx-2024930xex102.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO 
 TERMINAL SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This Ninth Amendment to Terminal Services Agreement Amendment is made and entered into as of August 1, 2024 Amendment Date with respect to each respective Terminal set forth on Schedule I, unless otherwise indicated, the party identified as Customer with respect to such respective Terminal as set forth on Schedule I (such party, as applicable to the respective Terminal, a Customer ), and the party identified as Terminal Owner with respect to such respective Terminal as set forth on Schedule I (such party, as applicable to the respective Terminal, a Terminal Owner each referred to in this Amendment as a Party and collectively as Parties . 
 
 WHEREAS, on November 1, 2020, the Parties entered into that certain Terminal Services Agreement, subsequently amended on April 30, 2021, May 30, 2021, June 30, 2021, July 31, 2021, June 1, 2023, June 30, 2023, January 31, 2024, and April 16, 2024 (collectively, the Agreement ), pursuant to which the Parties agreed that Terminal Owner would operate the Terminal or otherwise provide certain terminal services to the Customer at the respective Terminal 
 
 WHEREAS, Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC TRMC assigned, and Marathon Petroleum Supply and Trading LLC assumed all of TRMC s right, title and interest under the Agreement pertaining to crude petroleum 
 
 WHEREAS, TRMC, Western Refining Company LLC (formerly known as Western Refining Company, L.P., WNR ), St. Paul Park Refining Co. LLC SPPR ), and Tesoro Alaska Company LLC TAC assigned, and Marathon Petroleum Company LP assumed all of their rights, titles, and interests under the Agreement pertaining to all commodities other than crude petroleum and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Agreement to update the rates, MVCs, and other provisions in Schedule 5.1, as more specifically set forth in this Amendment. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and covenants in the Agreement and this Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Schedule 5.1 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the Schedule 5.1 attached hereto. 
 2. In all other respects, except as herein modified, the terms and provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 3. In the event of any conflict between the terms and provisions of this Amendment and terms and provisions of the Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall prevail. 

4. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined or redefined in this Amendment have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. The Parties to Agreement per respective Terminal are identified in Schedule I. 
 
 5. The Parties acknowledge that this Amendment may be executed utilizing an electronic signature process. By signing electronically, the Parties further acknowledge that they each have read, understand, and are bound to the terms and conditions hereof in the same manner as if the Parties had signed this Amendment with handwritten original signatures. 

Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be effective as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 As to the following Terminals 
 
 Anacortes 
 Boise 
 Burley 
 Carson 
 Colton 
 Hynes 
 Mandan 
 Pasco 
 Pocatello 
 Salt Lake City 
 San Diego 
 Stockton 
 Vancouver 
 Vinvale 
 Wilmington 
 
 Customer 
 Terminal Owner 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP 
 Tesoro Logistics Operations LLC 
 By MPC Investment LLC, its General Partner 
 By s John Nguyen 
 By s Sage F. Hoffman Name John Nguyen 
 Name Sage F. Hoffman Title Director-Commercial Analysis Title Director, Business Development Marathon Petroleum Supply and Trading LLC 
 By s Daniel Kimmel 
 Name Daniel Kimmel Title VP, Crude Oil Trading & Optimization 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be effective as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 As to the following Terminals 
 
 Anchorage Ocean Dock 
 Anchorage T2 
 Fairbanks 
 Nikiski 
 
 Customer 
 Terminal Owner 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP 
 Tesoro Logistics Operations LLC 
 By MPC Investment LLC, its General Partner 
 By s John Nguyen 
 By s Sage F. Hoffman Name John Nguyen Name Sage F. Hoffman Title Director-Commercial Analysis Title Director, Business Development Tesoro Alaska Terminals LLC By s Sage F. Hoffman Name Sage F. Hoffman Title Director, Business Development 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be effective as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 As to the following Terminals 
 
 Albuquerque 
 Bloomfield 
 El Paso 
 St. Paul Park 

Customer 
 Terminal Owner 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP 
 Western Refining Terminals, LLC 
 By MPC Investment LLC, its General Partner 
 By s John Nguyen 
 By s Sage F. Hoffman 
 Name John Nguyen 
 Name Sage F. Hoffman Title Director-Commercial Analysis 
 Title Director, Business Development 

Schedule 5.1 - Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment, Base Throughput Fee 
 
 Terminal 
 State 
 Region 
 Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment 
 (bpd) 
 Base Throughput Fee per Barrel 
 Shortfall Credit Carry-Forward Period 
 Albuquerque NM 
 LA 
 7,500 
 0.725809 
 12 months 
 Anacortes WA 
 PNW 
 11,000 
 1.404143 
 3 months 
 Anchorage Ocean Dock 
 AK 
 PNW 
 17,000 
 5.315848 
 3 months 
 Anchorage T2 
 AK 
 PNW 
 6,790 
 4.200845 
 3 months 
 Bloomfield NM 
 LA 
 5,000 
 0.725809 
 12 months 
 Boise ID 
 PNW 
 8,300 
 0.914773 
 3 months 
 Burley ID 
 PNW 
 3,200 
 0.850491 
 3 months 
 Carson+ CA 
 LA 
 6,000 
 1.103200 
 3 months 
 Colton+ CA 
 LA 
 30,500 
 0.794300 
 3 months 
 El Paso 
 TX 
 LA 
 26,000 
 0.725809 
 12 months 
 Fairbanks AK 
 PNW 
 595 
 1.284401 
 3 months 
 Hynes+ CA 
 LA 
 23,000 
 1.103200 
 3 months 
 Mandan ND 
 CHI 
 18,000 
 0.771376 
 3 months 
 Nikiski AK 
 PNW 
 3,000 
 4.479304 
 3 months 
 Pasco WA 
 PNW 
 5,600 
 0.905533 
 N A 
 Pocatello ID 
 PNW 
 3,400 
 0.905533 
 N A 
 Salt Lake City 
 UT 
 PNW 
 27,500 
 0.721929 
 3 months 
 San Diego+ 
 CA 
 LA 
 17,000 
 0.794300 
 3 months 
 St Paul Park 
 MN 
 CHI 
 35,561 
 0.681125 
 12 months 
 Stockton CA 
 SF 
 8,000 
 1.038391 
 3 months 
 Vancouver WA 
 PNW 
 10,800 
 1.043337 
 3 months 
 Vinvale+ CA 
 LA 
 67,500 
 1.103200 
 3 months 
 Wilmington CA 
 LA 
 24,300 
 1.295517 
 3 months 
 
 The Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be effective through July 31, 2026, plus any Extension Period as agreed between the Parties. If the Parties are unable to complete negotiations by August 1, 2024, the existing Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will remain in effect until such negotiations are final. Once finalized, the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be applied retroactively effective as of August 1, 2024. 
 The Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be effective through October 16, 2026, and will be subject to negotiation by the Parties thereafter provided, however, in no event will the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment be less than 75 of the current cumulative Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment for these Terminals. If the Parties are unable to complete negotiations by December 31, 2026, the existing Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will remain in effect until such negotiations are final. Once finalized, the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be applied retroactively effective as of January 1, 2027. 
 + The Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be effective through May 31, 2026, and will be subject to negotiation by the Parties thereafter provided, however, in no event will the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment be less than 75 of the current cumulative Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment for these Terminals. If the Parties are 

unable to complete negotiations by August 31, 2026, the existing Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will remain in effect until such negotiations are final. Once finalized, the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be applied retroactively effective as of September 1, 2026. 
 The Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be effective through June 30, 2027, and will be subject to negotiation by the Parties thereafter provided, however, in no event will the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment be less than 75 of the current cumulative Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment for these Terminals. If the Parties are unable to complete negotiations by September 30, 2027, the existing Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will remain in effect until such negotiations are final. Once finalized, the new Minimum Terminal Volume Commitment and Base Throughput Fee for these Terminals will be applied retroactively effective as of October 1, 2027. 
 Light Product Terminal Complexes 
 1. Albuquerque, Bloomfield, and El Paso 
 2. Carson, Colton, Hynes, San Diego, and Vinvale 
 3. Boise, Burley, Mandan, Pocatello, Pasco, Salt Lake City, Stockton, Vancouver, and Wilmington 
 4. Anchorage T2 and Anchorage Ocean Dock 
 5. Anacortes 
 
 Butane Blending 
 A) Facilities with Third Party Licensed Blending Technology 
 At facilities at which third-party license blending technology is provided to Customer, Terminal Owner's fee for performing the butane blending service shall be calculated as follows 
 Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Daily Butane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula, the Butane Blending Service Fee is 
 Butane Blending Service Fee (DGV-DBV) 95 
 
 NOTE Terminal Owner will reflect an Annual True-Up, as defined in Section 3 of this Schedule 5.1, as a separate line item on any monthly invoices submitted pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Definitions 
 1. Daily Gasoline Value DGV Expressed as a formula 
 DGV (GB) (GPV+TF). 
 
 GB number of Gallons of butane blended on a given day at the terminal site. GPV daily gasoline posted value per Gallon. 

TF the transportation fee for moving spot purchased gasoline to the terminal for the gasoline grade in which the butane is blended. 
 GPV is calculated by location as follows 
 
 GPV Calculation Table 
 Location 
 Market 
 GPV Price Calculation 
 Pasco 
 PNW 
 PNW Region 

The Parties may update the GPV Calculation Table without formal amendment of the Agreement upon written approval by each Party. The latest agreed upon GPV Calculation Table shall be the effective GPV Calculation Table. Terminal Owner shall maintain the current and previous versions of the GPV Calculation Table. 
 TF is the avoided Customer cost of transporting one Gallon of gasoline (in the most cost-effective method possible) to a terminal blending location, as verified and provided by Customer s Global Clean Products Value Chain organization. 
 2. Daily Butane Value DBV the daily agreed upon butane purchase price BPP from ETP plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 DBV (GB) (BPP+DRV) 
 DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually or the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, postings for prior years RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 3. Annual True-Up This cost or revenue is intended to cover changes in the estimated vs actual transportation costs, half of shared maintenance expenses, and estimated vs actual butane purchase costs. The cost or revenue is calculated by Energy Transfer Partners 
 ETP ). Customer will pass ninety-five (95 of this to Terminal Owner. 
 B) Facilities without Third Party Blending Technology 
 At facilities at which no third party licensed blending technology is utilized, Terminal Owner s fee for performing the butane or pentane blending service shall be calculated as follows 
 Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Tank Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Tank Daily Butane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula, the Tank Butane Blending Service Fee is 
 Tank Butane Blending Service Fee (TDGV-TDBV) 95 Definitions 
 1. Tank Daily Gasoline Value TDGV Expressed as a formula 

TDGV (GB) (GPV+TF) 
 GB number of Gallons of butane blended on a given day at the terminal site. GPV daily gasoline spot price per gallon. 
 TF the avoided transportation fee for moving spot purchased gasoline to the terminal for the gasoline grade in which the butane is blended. 
 GPV is calculated by Terminal, described in Schedule 5.1 , as follows 
 LA and SF regions daily posted OPIS Mid 84 Sub-octane Regular or OPIS Mid 88.5 Sub-octane Premium spot price for the respective blend. 
 PNW region daily posted OPIS Mid 84 Sub-octane Regular or OPIS Mid 90 Sub-octane Premium spot price for the respective blend. 
 CHI region daily posted Argus Mid 85 CBOB or Argus Mid PREM spot price for the respective blend. 
 2. Tank Daily Butane Value TDBV the daily agreed upon tank butane purchase price TBPP from supplier, plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane Gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 TDBV (GB) (TBPP+DRV+TC) 
 TC is the trucking cost of transporting one Gallon of butane (in the most cost-effective method possible) to a terminal blending location. 
 DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually to the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, posting for prior years RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 In the event Customer requests a butane skid for temporary use at a Customer owned terminal(s), Customer shall pay a Terminal Owner Tank Butane Blending Equipment Service Fee equal to 5 of the blending value. Expressed as a formula 
 
 Terminal Owner Tank Butane Blending Equipment Service Fee (TDGV-TDBV) 5 
 Annual Adjustment to Revenue This cost or revenue is intended to cover changes in the estimated vs actual transportation costs. Annually during the month of April, Customer will issue an adjustment of revenue to Terminal Owner. This adjustment will be the result in changes of actual vs previously estimated trucking costs associated with delivery of butane to the terminals for the previous April - March. 
 
 Ethanol Excess Volume Value Capture 
 Customer will pay Terminal Owner fees as calculated herein for EV at Terminals where sales volume is made on a temperature corrected basis. 

The value will be calculated via the following method Multiply the volume by the price per the calculations described in the following two paragraphs. 
 The volume will be calculated via the following method The American Petroleum Institute s Manual of Petroleum Measurement Standards Chapter 11.3.4 Miscellaneous Hydrocarbon Properties Denatured Ethanol and Gasoline Blend Densities and Volume Correction Factors Chapter 11.3.4 provides data-based equations for Blends of Gasoline and Ethanol BGE ). Chapter 11.3.4 addresses excess volumes of gasohol EV created when gasoline and ethanol components are blended together. EV for truck rack throughput at Terminals equipped with Terminal Automation Software (TAS) will be calculated using the equation in Chapter 11.3.4 performed by TAS for any BGE. The TAS will be programmed to calculate EV by multiplying these BGE volumes by the correction factors as calculated using the equation from Chapter 11.3.4. This process of crediting Terminal Owner with the EV based on the technology Terminal Owner installed and maintains at its Terminals is known as Ethanol Excess Volume Value Capture . 
 The price will be calculated via the following method each Terminal is assigned to a Region based on Schedule 5.1 . EV credited to Terminal Owner will be valued using the non-weighted monthly average spot price for the Region each Terminal is assigned to in Schedule 5.1 . Spot prices are as follows for the LA, SF and PNW Regions use OPIS Mid 84 Sub-octane Regular for the CHI Region use Argus Mid 85 CBOB (West Shore). 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 mplx-2024930xex103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 Ninth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Terminal Services Agreement 
 
 This Ninth Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Terminal Services Agreement Amendment is dated September 1, 2024, by and between Marathon Petroleum Company LP, a Delaware limited partnership with an address of 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840 MPC ), and MPLX Terminals LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with an address of 200 East Hardin Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840 Terminal Owner ). Each of MPC and Terminal Owner shall be referred to herein individually as a Party or collectively as the Parties . 
 
 WHEREAS, MPC and Terminal Owner are Parties to that certain Third Amended and Restated Terminal Services Agreement, dated March 1, 2017, as amended on September 1, 2017, October 31, 2017, March 20, 2018, July 1, 2019, December 13, 2019, September 1, 2020, May 20, 2022 and May 9, 2023 (as amended, the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, MPC and Terminal Owner desire to amend the Agreement to update Schedule 3.1 and Schedule 5.1. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the forgoing and for other goods and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the foregoing recitals are incorporated herein by reference and as follows 
 
 1. Except for the provisions of the Agreement specifically addressed in this Amendment, all other provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 2. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. 
 3. Schedule 3.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Schedule 3.1. 
 4. Schedule 5.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Schedule 5.1. 
 5. The effective date of this Amendment is September 1, 2024. 
 6. This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties regarding this subject matter and may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by each of the Parties and supersedes any other prior agreements or understandings of the Parties relating to this subject matter and the Parties are not relying on any statement, representation, promise or inducement not expressly set forth herein. 
 7. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, and in both original form and one or more photocopies, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective authorized representatives. 
 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP MPLX Terminals LLC By MPC Investment LLC, its General Partner By s Michael W. Timmerman By s Regina M. Zolnor 
 Name Michael W. Timmerman Name Regina M. Zolnor Title Vice President-Clean Products, North Divisi Title Vice President 
 2 

Schedule 3.1 - Terminals and Minimum Quarterly Terminal Volume Commitments 
 
 Terminal Name State Region Facility Type Loading Hours Gallons RC Assets Lanes Docks Shell Capacity Bay City MI MW Pipeline 24 7 71,625,000 3 437,600 Bellevue OH MW Pipeline 24 7 5,664,000 1 - Belton SC SE Pipeline 24 7 74,949,000 3 370,500 Birmingham AL SE Pipeline 24 7 58,131,000 2 251,000 Brecksville OH MW Pipeline 24 7 30,912,000 2 398,800 Canton OH MW Refinery 24 7 159,134,000 6 48,500 Champaign IL MW Pipeline 24 7 96,441,000 4 554,500 Charleston WV MW Barge 24 7 36,360,000 2 1 165,700 Charlotte (East) NC SE Pipeline 24 7 110,751,000 4 451,800 Cincinnati OH MW Barge 24 7 54,021,000 2 1 438,700 Columbus (East & West) OH MW Pipeline 24 7 197,481,000 4 749,700 Columbus (GA) GA SE Pipeline 24 7 22,335,000 1 132,600 Covington KY MW Barge 24 7 100,056,000 4 1 342,100 Detroit MI MW Refinery 24 7 260,460,000 6 - Doraville GA SE Pipeline 24 7 52,626,000 2 217,100 Evansville IN MW Barge 24 7 37,686,000 2 1 126,200 Flint MI MW Pipeline 24 7 37,401,000 2 223,800 Ft. Lauderdale (Eisenhower) FL SE Marine 24 7 112,170,000 4 1 559,900 Ft. Lauderdale (Spangler) FL SE Marine 24 7 107,451,000 3 1 473,800 Garyville LA SE Refinery 24 7 61,788,000 2 96,700 Greensboro (Guilford County) NC SE Pipeline 24 7 78,170,000 414,700 Hammond IN MW Pipeline 24 7 117,831,000 3 1,193,800 Heath OH MW Pipeline 24 7 49,524,000 2 11,100 Huntington IN MW Pipeline 24 7 35,220,000 2 144,400 Indianapolis IN MW Pipeline 24 7 64,806,000 3 951,600 Jackson MI MW Pipeline 24 7 21,828,000 2 263,700 Kenova Catlettsburg Docks WV KY MW Marine Docks 24 7 712,500,000 4 1,398,200 Knoxville TN SE Pipeline 24 7 77,520,000 4 332,800 Lansing MI MW Pipeline 24 7 59,682,000 3 174,700 Lexington KY MW Pipeline 24 7 79,470,000 3 205,300 Lima OH MW Pipeline 24 7 92,961,000 2 819,100 Louisville (Algonquin) KY MW Barge 24 7 202,890,000 6 1 1,215,400 Louisville (Kramers) KY MW Barge 24 7 115,401,000 4 1 558,300 Macon GA SE Pipeline 24 7 79,296,000 3 294,200 Marietta OH MW Barge 24 7 46,947,000 3 2 170,700 Midland PA MW Barge 24 7 54,573,000 2 1 390,400 Montgomery AL SE Pipeline 24 7 53,745,000 2 191,700 Mt. Vernon IN MW Barge 24 7 105,945,000 1 1 595,000 Muncie IN MW Pipeline 24 7 42,747,000 2 232,600 Nashville (Bordeaux) TN SE Pipeline 24 7 64,008,000 3 1 233,700 Nashville (Downtown) TN SE Barge 24 7 44,289,000 2 1 250,800 Nashville (51st) TN SE Pipeline 24 7 60,903,000 3 331,100 Niles MI MW Pipeline 24 7 74,589,000 2 631,100 North Muskegon MI MW Pipeline 24 7 113,175,000 5 440,200 Oregon OH MW Pipeline 24 7 53,250,000 2 247,800 
 3 

Paducah KY MW Barge 24 7 30,654,000 2 1 208,300 Powder Springs GA SE Pipeline 24 7 78,300,000 3 308,200 Robinson IL MW Refinery 24 7 74,736,000 4 7,300 Romulus MI MW Pipeline 24 7 27,309,000 3 268,400 Selma (Buffalo) NC SE Pipeline 24 7 123,750,000 3 536,500 Selma (West Oak) NC SE Pipeline 24 7 99,537,000 4 355,000 Speedway IN MW Pipeline 24 7 124,647,000 5 526,300 Steubenville OH MW Pipeline 24 7 16,599,000 2 128,900 Tampa FL SE Marine 24 7 334,203,000 10 1 1,231,700 Viney Branch KY MW Refinery 24 7 114,474,000 6 57,100 Youngstown OH MW Pipeline 24 7 28,176,000 2 131,000 
 Kenova tank 23-273 idled with no expense savings and will be Terminal Owner s financial responsibility to reactivate if MPC desires to bring it back into product service. 
 
 Terminal Complexes 
 
 1. Brecksville and Canton 
 2. Cincinnati and Covington 
 3. Evansville and Mt. Vernon 
 4. Ft. Lauderdale (Spangler) and Ft. Lauderdale (Eisenhower) 
 5. Indianapolis and Speedway 
 6. Louisville (Kramers) and Louisville (Algonquin) 
 7. Nashville (Bordeaux), Nashville (Downtown) and Nashville (51 st 
 8. Selma (Buffalo) and Selma (West Oak) 

4 

Schedule 5.1 Fees 
 
 Terminal Name Base Throughput Fee Excess Throughput Fee Bay City 0.01804355 0.01488007 Bellevue 0.01464574 0.01464574 Belton 0.01593457 0.01405991 Birmingham 0.01652040 0.01417708 Brecksville 0.03655577 0.01464574 Canton 0.01464574 0.01464574 Champaign 0.01558307 0.01464574 Charleston 0.02530784 0.01511441 Charlotte (East) 0.01616890 0.01441141 Cincinnati 0.03257213 0.01511441 Columbus (GA) 
 0.03011165 0.01429424 Columbus (OH) 
 0.01370841 0.01370841 Covington 0.01827789 0.01792639 Detroit LP 
 0.01464574 0.01464574 Doraville 0.02167570 0.01429424 Evansville 0.02296452 0.01534874 Flint 0.02530784 0.01476291 Ft. Lauderdale (Eisenhower) 0.01968388 0.01476291 Ft. Lauderdale (Spangler) 0.01581740 0.01581740 Garyville 0.01546590 0.01370841 
 5 

Greensboro (Friendship) 0.01405991 0.01405991 Hammond 0.02120703 0.01382558 Heath 0.01347408 0.01347408 Huntington 0.02132420 0.01488007 Indianapolis 0.02917432 0.01488007 Jackson 0.04358573 0.01488007 Kenova (Catlettsburg Docks) 
 0.00761579 0.00761579 Knoxville 0.01441141 0.01394275 Lansing 0.01652040 0.01488007 Lexington 0.01476291 0.01441141 Lima 0.02015254 0.01347408 Louisville (Algonquin) 0.02050404 0.01405991 Louisville (Kramers) 0.01745772 0.01476291 Macon 0.01558307 0.01370841 Marietta 0.02378469 0.01511441 Midland 0.02753400 0.01323975 Montgomery 0.01816072 0.01417708 Mt. Vernon 0.01862938 0.01288825 Muncie 0.01874655 0.01464574 Nashville (51st) 0.01933238 0.01417708 Nashville (Bordeaux) 0.01628607 0.01417708 Nashville (Downtown) 0.02308169 0.01417708 Niles 0.02097270 0.01452858 
 6 

North Muskegon 0.01488007 0.01488007 Oregon 0.01886372 0.01464574 Paducah 0.02987731 0.01464574 Powder Springs 0.01710623 0.01429424 Robinson 0.01534874 0.01429424 Romulus 0.04089091 0.01499724 Selma (Buffalo) 0.01429424 0.01429424 Selma (West Oak) 0.01429424 0.01429424 Speedway 0.01488007 0.01488007 Steubenville 0.03526695 0.01452858 Tampa 0.01605173 0.01488007 Viney Branch 0.01476291 0.01476291 Youngstown 0.02554217 0.01417708 
 
 The table above reflects the fees effective as of January 1, 2024, as adjusted per Section 5.3. 
 
 Marine Docks 
 Kenova Catlettsburg Docks includes Kenova Light Product, and Catlettsburg Crude, Heavy Oil, and Light Oil Docks. 
 
 Kenova Catlettsburg Docks - 2,929,148 per month (reflects monthly fee effective as January 1, 2024, as adjusted per Section 5.3). 
 
 Butane Natural Gasoline Pentane Blending 
 
 A) Facilities with Third Party Licensed Blending Technology 
 
 From and after July 1, 2019, at facilities at which Energy Transfer Partners LP ETP licenses blending technology to MPC, Terminal Owner's fee for performing the butane blending service shall be calculated as follows 
 
 7 

Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Daily Butane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula, the Butane Blending Service Fee is 
 
 Butane Blending Service Fee (DGV-DBV) 95 
 
 NOTE Terminal Owner will reflect an Annual True-Up, as defined in Section 4 of this Schedule 5.1 , as a separate line item on any monthly invoices submitted pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Definitions 
 
 1. Daily Gasoline Value DGV Expressed as a formula 
 
 DGV (GB) (GPV+TF) 
 
 GB number of Gallons of butane blended on a given day at the terminal site. 
 GPV daily gasoline posted value per Gallon. 
 TF the transportation fee for moving spot purchased gasoline to the terminal for the gasoline grade in which the butane is blended. 
 
 a. GPV is calculated by location as follows 
 
 Location 
 Market 
 GPV Price Calculation 
 Bay City 
 Chicago 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Charlotte East 
 Gulf Coast 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Lansing 
 Chicago 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Nashville 51 st 
 Gulf Coast 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Selma Buffalo 
 Gulf Coast 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Selma Oak 
 Gulf Coast 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Speedway 
 Chicago 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 North Muskegon 
 Chicago 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Tampa 
 Gulf Coast 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 
 8 

Indianapolis 
 Chicago 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 Lima 
 Chicago 
 Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 

b. TF is the avoided MPC cost of transporting one Gallon of gasoline (in the most cost effective method possible) to a terminal blending location, as verified and provided by MPC's Clean Product Value Chain organization. 
 
 2 . Daily Butane Value DBV the daily agreed upon butane purchase price BPP from ETP plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 
 DBV (GB) (BPP+DRV) 
 
 Bay City DBV (GB) (BPP+1 2DRV) 
 
 a. DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually or the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, postings for prior year s RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 
 3. Profit Sharing Payment For each calendar month, a Profit Sharing Payment PSP is paid by ETP to MPC for volumes blended at the Bay City terminal. The PSP is calculated as the volume of gallons blended GB at Bay City in such month multiplied by fifty percent multiplied by the following value (A) the volume weighted daily average of the high and low assessments of Argus posted Chicago Cycle 1 gasoline price (85 CBOB) minus (B) the volume weighted daily average of the high and low assessments of the OPIS posted Mt. Belvieu TET normal butane price minus (C) the average supply cost. 
 
 Fee calculations pursuant to this Schedule 5.1 for butane blending services completed prior to July 1, 2019, shall not be affected by changes in the foregoing formulas. 
 
 4. Annual True-Up This cost or revenue is intended to cover changes in the estimated vs actual transportation costs, half of shared maintenance expenses, and estimated vs actual butane purchase costs. The cost or revenue is calculated ETP. MPC will pass ninety-five percent (95 of this to Terminal Owner. 
 
 9 

B) Facilities Without Third Party Blending Technology 
 
 From and after September 1, 2018, at facilities at which no third party licensed blending technology is utilized, Terminal Owner s fee for performing the butane or pentane blending service shall be calculated as follows 
 Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Daily Butane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula, the Butane Blending Service Fee is 
 
 Butane Blending Service Fee (DGV-DBV) 95 
 
 Or 
 
 Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Tank Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Tank Daily Butane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula, the Tank Butane Blending Service Fee is 
 
 Tank Butane Blending Service Fee (TDGV-TDBV) 95 
 
 Or 
 
 Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Tank Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Tank Daily Pentane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula, the Tank Pentane Blending Service Fee is 
 
 Tank Pentane Blending Service Fee (TDGV-TDPV) 95 
 
 Definitions 
 
 1. Daily Gasoline Value DGV Expressed as a formula 
 
 DGV (GB) (GPV+TF) 
 
 GB number of Gallons of butane blended on a given day at the terminal site. 
 GPV daily gasoline posted value per Gallon. 
 TF the gasoline transportation fee. 
 
 a. GPV is calculated by location as follows 

10 

Location Market GPV Price Calculation Lexington Chicago Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices Louisville (Kramers) Chicago Daily posted Argus 85 CBOB and 91 PREM spot prices 
 
 b. TF is the avoided or added MPC cost of transporting one Gallon of gasoline (in the most cost effective method possible) to a terminal blending location, as verified and provided by MPC's Clean Product Value Chain organization. 
 
 2. Daily Butane Value DBV the daily agreed upon butane purchase price BPP from supplier plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 
 DBV (GB) (BPP+DRV+TC) 
 
 a. DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually or the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, postings for prior year s RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 b. TC is the transportation cost of transporting one Gallon of butane (in the most cost effective method possible) to a terminal blending location. 
 
 3. Tank Daily Gasoline Value TDGV Expressed as a formula 
 
 TDGV (GB) (GPV+TF) 
 
 GB number of Gallons of butane blended on a given day at the terminal site. 
 GPV daily gasoline posted value per Gallon. 
 TF the avoided transportation fee for moving spot purchased gasoline to the terminal for the gasoline grade in which the butane is blended. 
 
 a. GPV is calculated by location using the daily posted average Argus 85 CBOB or Argus PREM spot prices for the respective blend and market derived from Schedule 3.1. 
 
 4. Tank Daily Butane Value TDBV the daily agreed upon tank butane purchase price TBPP from supplier, plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane Gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 
 TDBV (GB) (TBPP+DRV+TC) 
 11 

a. TC is the transportation cost of transporting one Gallon of butane (in the most cost effective method possible) to a terminal blending location. 
 
 b. DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually to the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, posting for prior year s RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 
 5. Tank Daily Pentane Value TDPV the daily agreed upon tank pentane purchase price TPPP from supplier, plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane Gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 
 TDPV (GB) (TPPP + DRV + TC) 
 
 a. TC is the transportation costs of transporting one Gallon of pentane (in the most cost-effective manner) to a terminal blending location. 
 b. DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually or the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, postings for the prior year s RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 
 6. In the event MPC requests a butane skid for temporary use at an MPC owned terminal(s), MPC shall pay an MPLX Tank Butane Blending Equipment Service Fee equal to 5 of the blending value. Expressed as a formula 
 
 a. MPLX Tank Butane Blending Equipment Service Fee (TDGV-TDBV) 5 . 
 
 7. Annual Adjustment to Revenue This cost or revenue is intended to cover changes in the estimated vs actual transportation costs. Annually during the month of April, MPC will issue an adjustment of revenue to MPLX. This adjustment will be the result in changes of actual vs previously estimated trucking costs associated with delivery of butane to the terminals for the previous April- March. 
 
 C) Inline and Barge Blending 
 
 12 

From and after October 31 st , 2019, at the Kenova, WV and from and after September 1 st , 2024, at the Mt. Vernon, IN terminal the Terminal Owner s fee for performing in-line or barge loading blending service shall be calculated as follows 
 
 Ninety-five percent (95 of the difference between the Marathon Daily Gasoline Value (defined below) and the Marathon Daily Butane Value (defined below) or the Marathon Daily Pentane Value (defined below). Expressed as a formula the Inline or Barge Blending Service Fee is 
 
 Inline or Barge Blending Service Fee (MDGV MDBV) 0.95 
 Or 
 Inline or Barge Blending Service Fee (MDGV MDPV) 0.95 
 
 Definitions 
 1. Marathon Daily Gasoline Value MDGV Expressed as a formula 
 MDGV (GB) (GPV + KTF) 
 GB Number of Gallons of butane pentane blended on a given day at the terminal site. 
 GPV daily gasoline posted value per Gallon 
 KTF the additional transportation costs for moving the gasoline barrel produced through butane or pentane blending to the terminal of sale 
 
 a. GPV is calculated by the location using the daily posted averages of either Argus 85 CBOB or Argus Prem spot prices for the respective blend and market derived from Schedule 3.1 
 
 2. Marathon Daily Butane Value MDBV the daily agreed upon Marathon butane purchase price MBPP from supplier, plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane Gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 
 MDBV (GB) (MBPP + DRV + TC) 
 
 a. TC is the transportation costs of transporting one Gallon of butane (in the most cost-effective manner) to a terminal blending location. 
 b. DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually or the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, postings for the prior year s RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 
 13 

3. Marathon Daily Pentane Value MDPV the daily agreed upon Marathon pentane purchase price MPPP from supplier, plus the total daily RIN value DRV ), multiplied by the daily total number of butane Gallons blended GB ). Expressed as a formula 
 
 MDPV (GB) (MPPP + DRV + TC) 
 
 a. TC is the transportation costs of transporting one Gallon of pentane (in the most cost-effective manner) to a terminal blending location. 
 b. DRV will be determined by using the percentage of each type of RINs specified by the Renewable Fuel Standard Program updated annually or the most recent requirements and will be adjusted retroactively for any difference between the requirements at the time of the calculation and the requirements contained in a final rule establishing Renewable Volume Obligations for the year. OPIS daily posting for the respective RINs pricing will be used. In order to minimize the daily average RINs Cost, postings for the prior year s RINs will be used up to the maximum allowable percentage. 
 
 D) Butane Blending into Natural Gasoline at Facilities Without Third Party Licensed Blending Technology 
 
 a. Butane Blending into Natural Gasoline Project Service Fee Prior to MPC requesting Terminal Owner to provide natural gasoline blending services at a Terminal that does not have butane blending into natural gasoline service capabilities, MPC will pay a one-time fee to Terminal Owner as reimbursement for the project capital costs to be incurred by a Terminal to enable such Terminal to provide butane blending into natural gasoline services, as well as an additional charge of 15 of such project capital costs. Prior to any Terminal incurring any project capital costs to be able to provide butane blending into natural gasoline services for MPC, the Parties will agree upon the Butane Blending into Natural Gasoline Project Services Fee for each Terminal providing such services. 
 
 b. Butane Blending into Natural Gasoline Services Fee From and after August 20 th , 2019 at any Terminal with no third-party licensed blending technology utilized, Terminal Owner s fee for performing butane blending into natural gasoline services shall be calculated as follows, expressed as a formula 
 
 Natural Gas Blending Services Fee 1.58 the number of barrels of butane blended into natural gasoline 

Ethanol Denaturing 
 
 0.02 per Gallon of undenatured ethanol. 
 
 14 

Unit Train Ethanol Receipts 
 
 Beginning on January 15, 2017 and continuing thereafter for so long as the Master Terminal Services Agreement by and between MPC and ECO Energy Distribution Services, LLC dated October 19, 2015 (the ECO Agreement has not terminated, been cancelled or otherwise expired pursuant to its terms or agreement of the parties thereto, each of the following shall apply 
 
 1. MPC shall pay Terminal Owner 0.0135 per Gallon for Unit Train Ethanol Receipts provided that the invoice for the month ending March 31 of each year (or upon termination of the ECO Agreement, prorated according to the time of such termination) shall include an additional fee of 0.0135 per Gallon of Unit Train Ethanol Receipts that are less than 111,360,000 Gallons for the 12-month period ending on March 31 of the same year (prorated for the time period between January 15, 2017 through March 31, 2017. The 0.0135 per Gallon fee set forth in this Section shall be adjusted at the time of and in an amount equal to any adjustment to the Throughput Fees (as defined in the ECO Agreement) pursuant to Section 6.l(b) of the ECO Agreement, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 At the end of each Calendar Quarter, Terminal Owner shall credit MPC on the monthly invoice (or upon termination of the ECO Agreement, prorated according to the time of such termination) an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Base Throughput Fee for Selma (Buffalo) set forth in Schedule 5.1 (as adjusted) multiplied by the volume (in Gallons) of ethanol redelivered by truck from the Selma (Buffalo) Terminal to the Selma (West Oak) Terminals during such Calendar Quarter and (b) the Base Throughput Fee for Selma (Buffalo) set forth in Schedule 5.1 (as adjusted) multiplied by the volume (in Gallons) of ethanol redelivered per MPC's direction from the Selma (Buffalo) Terminal into trucks for ECO during such Calendar Quarter. 
 
 Ethanol Excess Volume Value Capture 
 
 MPC will pay Terminal Owner fees as calculated herein for EV at Terminals where sales volume is made on a temperature corrected basis. 
 
 The value will be calculated via the following method Multiply the volume by the price per the calculations described in the following two paragraphs. 
 
 The volume will be calculated via the following method The American Petroleum Institute s Manual of Petroleum Measurement Standards Chapter 11.3.4 Miscellaneous Hydrocarbon Properties Denatured Ethanol and Gasoline Blend Densities and Volume Correction Factors Chapter 11.3.4 provides data-based equations for Blends of Gasoline and Ethanol BGE ). Chapter 11.3.4 addresses excess volumes of gasohol EV created when gasoline and ethanol components are blended together. EV for truck rack throughput at Terminals equipped with Terminal Automation Software (TAS) will be calculated using the equation in Chapter 11.3.4 performed by TAS for any BGE. The TAS will be programmed to calculate EV by multiplying these BGE volumes by the correction factors as calculated using the equation from Chapter 11.3.4. This process of crediting Terminal Owner with the EV based on the technology 
 15 

Terminal Owner installed and maintains at its Terminals is known as Ethanol Excess Volume Value Capture . 
 
 The price will be calculated via the following method Each Terminal is assigned to the CHICAGO (Midwest-designated as MW or US GULF COAST (Southeast-designated as SE region based on Schedule 3.1 . EV credited to Terminal Owner will be valued using the non-weighted monthly average ARGUS 85 Assessment MID CBOB price for given market based on the location of the Terminal. The Midwest MW will be using West Shore and Gulf Coast SE will be using Pasadena posted pricing. 

16 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 mplx-2024930xex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 MPLX LP 
 2018 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 MPC NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR PHANTOM UNIT AWARD POLICY 
 (Amended and Restated effective as of October 1, 2024) 
 Pursuant to this MPC Non-Employee Director Phantom Unit Award Policy (the Award Policy and the MPLX LP 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ), MPLX GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the general partner of MPLX LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), hereby grants to each of the non-employee directors of Marathon Petroleum Corporation MPC ), the parent corporation of the Company, serving on the Board of Directors of MPC on the Grant Date (each a Participant ), on the first trading day of each calendar quarter (each a Grant Date ), that number of Phantom Units determined by dividing 4,625 by the closing market price of a Common Unit of the Partnership as reported on the Consolidated Tape System on the Grant Date. The number of Phantom Units awarded is subject to proration in the event an MPC non-employee director commences service on the MPC Board of Directors during the applicable calendar quarter (in which case, pro-ration will be calculated based on the number of days that the Participant is expected to serve on the MPC Board of Directors during the applicable calendar quarter relative to the total days in such calendar quarter, and the Grant Date shall be the date of the Participant s commencement of service on the MPC Board of Directors) and adjustment as provided in the Plan, and the Phantom Units hereby granted are also subject to the following terms and conditions 
 1. Relationship to the Plan. The grants of Phantom Units under this Award Policy are subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan and administrative interpretations, if any, that have been adopted by the Committee, as such term is defined in the Plan. Except as defined in this Award Policy, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings given to them under the Plan. To the extent any provision of this Award Policy conflicts with the express terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control and, if necessary, the applicable provisions of this Award Policy shall be hereby deemed amended so as to carry out the purpose and intent of the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Phantom Units under this Award Policy shall be subject to provisions in the Plan that are required to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and in particular separation from service as used under this Award Policy shall have the same meaning as used under Section 409A of the Code and those provisions regarding distributions to specified employees under Section 409A of the Code shall apply to distributions under this Award Policy. 
 2. Settlement of Phantom Units. The Phantom Units granted under this Award Policy shall be settled in full in the form of a Common Unit of the Partnership for each Phantom Unit subject to this Award Policy upon the earlier of the Participant s separation from service from the Company or the Participant s death. 
 3. Dividends and Cash Distributions. During the period of time between the Grant Date and the date the Phantom Units are settled, for any dividends and or cash distributions paid by the Partnership on outstanding Common Units of the Partnership, the Participant shall be credited with additional Phantom Units, including any fractional Phantom Units, based on the Fair Market Value of a Common Unit of the Partnership on the date such dividend and or cash distribution is made. Any additional Phantom Units granted pursuant to this Section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the Phantom Units to which these dividend and or cash distributions relate, including, without limitation, the 

restrictions on transfer, forfeiture, settlement and distribution provisions contained in this Award Policy or the Plan. 
 4. Issuance of Common Units. During the period of time between the Grant Date and the date the Phantom Units settle, the Phantom Units will be evidenced by a credit to a bookkeeping account evidencing the unfunded and unsecured right of the Participant to receive shares of Common Units, subject to the terms and conditions applicable to the Phantom Units. Upon the settlement date as described in Paragraph 2 above, the Participant s shall be entitled to receive a number of Common Units of the Partnership equal to the total of the number of Phantom Units granted and any additional Phantom Units credited pursuant to Paragraph 3 above with any fractional Phantom Units remaining settled in cash. Such Common Units shall be issued and registered in the name of the Participant. Subject to the terms of the Plan, all amounts payable to the Participant in respect of the Phantom Units, including the issuance of Common Units of the Partnership pursuant to this Paragraph 4, shall be paid as of the first day of the calendar month following the expiration of 45 days following the settlement date. The Participant shall not have the right or be entitled to exercise any voting rights, receive cash distributions or dividends or have or be entitled to any rights as a partnership unit holder in respect of the Phantom Units until such time as the Phantom Units have been settled and corresponding Common Units of the Partnership have been issued. 
 5. Nonassignability. Upon the Participant s death, the Phantom Units credited to the Participant under this Award shall be transferred to the Participant s beneficiary as designated under the Marathon Petroleum Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, or if no such beneficiary designation has been executed by Participant, to the Participant s estate and upon such transfer settled in Common Units of the Partnership. Otherwise, the Participant may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber any portion of the Phantom Units, and any attempt to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or encumber any portion of the Phantom Units shall have no effect. 
 6. Nature of the Grant. Under this Award Policy, the Participant is not an employee of the Company, the Partnership or MPC, and this Award of Phantom Units is granted in connection with service as a Non-Employee Director on the MPC Board to the benefit of the Company and the Partnership and should not be considered in any way as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Partnership or MPC, or any affiliates or predecessors of any of the foregoing as an employee. 
 7. Modification of Policy. Any modification of this Award Policy shall be binding only if evidenced by resolution of the Board of the Company, provided that no modification may, without the consent of the Participant, adversely affect the rights of the Participant. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 mplx-2024930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Maryann T. Mannen, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of MPLX LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Maryann T. Mannen Maryann T. Mannen President and Chief Executive Officer of MPLX GP LLC (the general partner of MPLX LP) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 mplx-2024930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, C. Kristopher Hagedorn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of MPLX LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s C. Kristopher Hagedorn C. Kristopher Hagedorn Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MPLX GP LLC (the general partner of MPLX LP) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 mplx-2024930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MPLX LP (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Maryann T. Mannen, President and Chief Executive Officer of MPLX GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date November 5, 2024 s Maryann T. Mannen Maryann T. Mannen President and Chief Executive Officer of MPLX GP LLC (the general partner of MPLX LP) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 mplx-2024930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MPLX LP (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, C. Kristopher Hagedorn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MPLX GP LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date November 5, 2024 s C. Kristopher Hagedorn C. Kristopher Hagedorn Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MPLX GP LLC (the general partner of MPLX LP) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mplx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mplx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mplx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mplx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mplx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

