<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-Q_edgar_data_1931055_0001663577-24-000263.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4732146</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87800</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>838872</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1479078</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>839439</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1346997</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-24-000263.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015122651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-24-000263
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medinotec Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001931055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				364990343
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-265368
		FILM NUMBER:		241370888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE 202, GEZERI BUILDING, NAIF
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 488083
		CITY:			DUBAI
		STATE:			C0
		ZIP:			48803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		27 87 330 2301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE 202, GEZERI BUILDING, NAIF
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 488083
		CITY:			DUBAI
		STATE:			C0
		ZIP:			48803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-24-000263.txt : 20241015

10-Q
 1
 mdnc10q_083124.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Medinotec Inc. - Form 10-Q - August 31, 2024 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM

Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

| | 
 | | 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant's telephone number) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which 
registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an
emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
common shares as of October 15, 2024. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1: 
 Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited for period ended August 31, 2024) 
 3 
 
 Item 2: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 Item 3: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 4: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1: 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item 2: 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 16 
 
 Item 3: 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 16 
 
 Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 16 
 
 Item 5: 
 Other Information 
 16 
 
 Item 6: 
 Exhibits 
 17 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 

Our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q
are as follows: 

Page 
 Number 

2 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024; 
 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023; 
 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity / (Deficit) for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023; 
 
 5 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023; and 
 
 6 
 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Medinotec Inc. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 

August 31, 2024 
 February 29, 2024 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Loans and notes receivable 

Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Deferred tax asset 

Operating right-of-use asset 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to stockholders/directors 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Related party loans payable 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Capital stock
 par value; shares authorized ; shares issued and outstanding 

Capital stock additional paid in capital 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated financial statements. 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Medinotec Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income/(Loss) 

Three
 months ended 
 
 Six
 months ended 

August
 31, 
 2024 

August
 31, 
 2023 

August
 31, 
 2024
 ) 

August
 31, 
 2023 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Non operating income and expenses 

Interest income 

Other revenue/(expense) 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for impairment of note receivable 

() 

() 

Total non-operating income and expenses 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Income taxes 

Current income taxes 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Net income (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Earnings Per Share: 

Basic 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated financial statements. 

Please refer to note 4 regarding reclassifications. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Medinotec Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity /
(Deficit) (Unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Accumulated Comprehensive Income 
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance, February 28, 2023 

Net
 income (loss) for the period 

Other comprehensive income 

Net foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

Balance,
 May 31, 2023 

Net
 income (loss) for the period 

Other
 comprehensive income 

Net
 foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance,
 August 31, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Accumulated Comprehensive Income 
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance, February 29, 2024 

Net income (loss) for the period 

Other comprehensive income 

Net foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

Balance, May 31, 2024 

Net income (loss) for the period 

Other comprehensive income 

Net
 foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

Medinotec Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Six months ended 
 (unaudited) 

August 31, 2024 

August 31, 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income/(loss) 

() 
 
 Depreciation 

Interest (received)/paid 

() 

Deferred income taxes and tax credits 

() 
 
 Provision for impairment of notes receivable 

Provision for doubtful receivables 

() 

(Increase) decrease in trade receivables 

() 

() 
 
 Decrease (increase) in other assets, net 

() 

() 
 
 (Increase)/Decrease in inventories 

() 

() 
 
 Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable 

TOTAL CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

() 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments to acquire property, plant, and equipment 

() 

TOTAL CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED BY) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from assuming long-term debt 

Repayment of related party loan 

() 

TOTAL CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED BY) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

() 

OTHER ACTIVITIES: 

Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 

Net cash increase (decreases) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Cash received for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure for non-cash activities 

Right-of-use assets in exchange for lease liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
Consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

Medinotec Inc. 

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Entities Financial Statements 

For the period ended August 31, 2024 

A
company continues to be an emerging growth company for the first five fiscal years after it completes an IPO, unless one of the following
occurs: 

its
 total annual gross revenues are 1.235 billion or more; 

it
 has issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in the past three years; or 

it
 becomes a large accelerated filer, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2. 

The Company has elected to use the
extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b) of the JOBS Act. As a result, its
financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates. The Company intends
to adopt the relevant standards upon losing its EGC status, unless it elects to forgo this election irrevocably. 

In light of these factors, the Company
recognizes that it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and regulatory requirements that are applicable to
other public companies. This status provides the Company with flexibility as it seeks to grow its business and establish a stronger market
presence. 

Laboratory equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Motor vehicles 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Computer software 

Leasehold improvements 

Small assets 

The Company utilizes the straight-line
method of depreciation for its assets, which allows for the systematic allocation of the cost of the asset over its useful life. The primary
categories of assets include plant and machinery and laboratory equipment, which are depreciated based on their estimated useful lives,
typically determined by industry standards and historical experience. 

To establish the depreciation rate
for each asset, the Company considers several factors, including the asset's purchase price, estimated useful life, and residual value
at the end of that life. Useful lives are assessed based on the nature of the asset, technological advancements, and the expected rate
of wear and tear. For other supportive assets, such as computer equipment, furniture and fittings, motor vehicles, office equipment, off-the-shelf
software, leasehold improvements, and smaller assets, the straight-line method is also applied. Each asset's depreciation rate is reviewed
periodically and adjusted if necessary to reflect changes in usage patterns or asset conditions. This method ensures that the expense
recognition of these assets is consistent with their utilization and accurately reflects the Company s financial position. 

for eligible
employees to a pension plan registered under the laws of South Africa. The Company also contributes a portion of the medical aid contribution
for eligible employees to an approved medical insurance scheme. 

compared to for the quarter ended August 31, 2023, and for
the six months ending August 31, 2024 compared to for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

iv. 
 Interest rate Risk 

Market interest rate risk may result
in loss from fluctuations in the future cash flows or fair values of financial instruments. Interest rate risk is managed principally
through monitoring interest rate gaps and basis risk and by having pre-approved limits for repricing bands. 

The interest rate risk relates predominantly
to the related party loan. 

loss compared to a 
loss for the quarter ended August 31, 2023, and a 
loss for the six months ending August 31, 2024 compared to a gain
for the six months ending Aug 31, 2023. 

Revenue from the distribution of
products 

The distribution products are sold
via a network, which consists of a mixture of sub-distributors and, in some instances, a direct sales force. The Company s clients
are billed based on a pricelist that are agreed upon in each customer contract, orders are shipped on a per order basis from the Company s
warehouse with Free-on-Board terms. The Company s sub-distributors order from the Company on the same basis as its customers
and have no preferential return rights on their inventory orders, therefore the client assumes the risk of the sale at point of invoice. 

Revenues are recognized primarily when
we transfer control to the customer, which can be on the date of shipment, the date of receipt by the customer or, for implants, when
we have received a purchase order and appropriate notification the product has been used or implanted. 

Goods delivered to a consignee pursuant
to a consignment arrangement are not considered sales, and do not qualify for revenue recognition. Once it is determined that substantial
risk of loss, rewards of ownership, as well as control of the asset have transferred to the consignee, revenue recognition would then
be appropriate, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition have been satisfied. 

For both revenue streams 

The Company has two operating segments,
inside the United States and outside the United States. These sales are split by these territories and further segregated into the specific
revenue streams sold into these territories. Sales represent the amount of consideration we expect to receive from customers in exchange
for transferring products and services. Net sales exclude sales and value added taxes we collect from customers. Other costs to
obtain and fulfill contracts are generally expensed as incurred due to the short-term nature of most of our sales. We extend terms of
payment to our customers based on commercially reasonable terms for the markets of our customers, while also considering their credit
quality. 

A provision for estimated sales returns,
discounts and rebates is recognized as a reduction of sales in the same period that the sales are recognized. Our estimate of the provision
for sales returns has been established based on contract terms with our customers and historical business practices and current trends.
Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in net sales. 

The Company has no contract assets
or liabilities representing accrued revenues that have not yet been billed to the customers due to certain contractual terms, because
orders are placed, invoiced, and shipped on a per order basis as and when the clients require additional inventory. All revenue is recognized
at a specific point and time. 

Under ASC Topic 606, the Company estimates
the transaction price, including variable consideration, at the commencement of the contract and recognizes revenue at point of sale when
risks and rewards are transferred to the customer. There are no contract revenue agreements that would need to be recognized over time
and the point of risks and rewards being transferred is very clear. 

Payment Terms 

Our payment terms vary per segments;
export sales made from within South Africa are subject to prepayment, where accounts are granted. They generally have payment terms of
30 days from statement and sales made inside the United States are 45 to 60 days. Terms can be extended by the Company when it deems the
business case and creditworthiness of the customer is strong enough. The time between a customer s payment and the receipt of funds
is not significant. The Company s contracts with customers do not result in significant obligations associated with returns, refunds,
or warranties. Payment terms are generally fixed and do not include variable revenues. 

The Company sells a significant amount
to DISA Life Sciences, a non-related medical device distributor in South Africa. For the quarter ending August 31, 2024, of the Company's
total revenue was derived from this single customer in the distribution environment in South Africa compared to for the quarter ending
August 31, 2023, and for the six months ending August 31, 2024 compared to for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

This table indicates the sales per
revenue stream as a breakdown of the total revenue balance: 

Distribution Agreement Sales 

Sales Generated inside the United States of America 

Internally Designed/Manufactured Sales 

The following table sets forth financial
information by reportable segment for the periods ending August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023: 

Income/(loss) from operations 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling expenses 

Depreciation expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Income/(loss) from operations 
 ) 
 ) 

Provision
 for impairment of note receivable 

Medinotec
 Group of Companies Consolidated 6 Months Ended August 31, 

Inside the United States ) 
 Outside the United States ) 
 Total ) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling expenses 

Depreciation expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Income/(loss) from operations 
 ) 

Provision for impairment of note receivable 

The following table sets forth financial
information by reportable segment for the periods ending August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024: 

Total Assets 

The major component of total
assets is "Cash" of as of August 31, 2024
and as of February 29, 2024. A significant portion
of this is maintained Inside the United States in USD of 
 as of August 31, 2024 and 
 as of February 29, 2024. 

In accordance with ASC 730, the
Company expenses all R D costs as incurred. This includes costs directly related to research activities, as well as expenses associated
with the design, development, and testing of new products and processes. 

In instances where R D projects
evolve and the nature of the expenses becomes capital in nature, the Company will evaluate these costs against the following criteria
to determine if they should be capitalized: 

Technological
Feasibility : The project must have reached a stage where technological feasibility has been established. This typically occurs when
all necessary design, testing, and evaluation processes have been completed, and the product can be produced to meet its specifications. 

Intent
to Complete : There must be a clear intention to complete the project for sale or use. This involves assessing whether the Company
plans to bring the product to market and if there is a viable market for it. 

Future
Economic Benefits : The project is expected to generate future economic benefits, such as revenue from product sales or cost savings
from process improvements. 

Directly
Attributable Costs : The costs being evaluated for capitalization must be directly attributable to the development of the product or
process, including materials, labor, and overhead. 

Any costs deemed eligible for
capitalization will be recorded as assets and amortized over their useful lives, while all other R D expenditures will continue to
be expensed in the period incurred. 

. The prevailing lending rate in South Africa was 
at August 31, 2024. The terms of this loan are deemed to be market related. 

Treasury Stock Method 

For options and warrants, the Company employs the
treasury stock method to calculate the dilutive effect. Under this method, it is assumed that the proceeds from the exercise of options
and warrants would be used to repurchase common shares at the average market price during the period. The number of shares repurchased
is then subtracted from the total number of shares that would be issued upon exercise, resulting in the net increase in shares outstanding.
This method effectively illustrates the potential dilution impact of these securities on earnings per share. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU
2023-09, " Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures", which amends the disclosure to address investor
requests for more transparency about income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate
reconciliation and income taxes paid information and includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures.
For entities other than public business entities, the requirements will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025.
The guidance will be applied on a prospective basis with the option to apply the standard retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently assessing potential impacts of ASU 2023-09 and does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures and the Company is in a loss position and not incurring any tax expenses. 

Reclassified
 to: Sales 

Original
 item: General and administrative expenses 

() 

Reclassified
 to: Sales 

Motor vehicles 

Plant and machinery 

Furniture and fittings 

Computer equipment 

Laboratory equipment 

Total cost 

Foreign currency adjustment 

Total accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation of property, plant and
equipment totaled approximately for the quarter ending August 31, 2024 compared to for the quarter ending August 31, 2023,
and for the six months ending August 31, 2024 compared to for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

The Company has not acquired any
property and equipment under capital leases. 

Depreciation Allocation to
Cost of Goods Sold: 

A portion of the depreciation
expense related to Property, Plant, and Equipment has been allocated to the Cost of Goods Sold. This practice is in accordance with the
company's accounting policy, which recognizes a portion of the depreciation expense as part of the cost of producing goods. 

The allocation of depreciation
to Cost of Goods Sold is based on the estimation of the assets' usage in the production process. This method is employed to better match
the cost of assets with the revenue generated during the period. 

Depreciation of was allocated
to Cost of Goods Sold for the quarter ending August 31, 2024, compared to for the quarter ending August 31, 2023, and 
for the six months ending August 31, 2024 compared to for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

Less provisions for obsolescence 

Goods in transit 

Total 

The write-down of inventory reflects management's assessment
of net realizable value based on current market conditions and estimates of future sales. Once inventory has been written down, the new
cost basis cannot be subsequently increased based on changes in underlying facts and circumstances. This ensures that inventory is accurately
reported and reflects the economic realities of the Company s operations. 

The obsolescence reserve is established based on an analysis of
inventory turnover, historical sales data, and future sales forecasts. The reserve is reviewed periodically and adjusted as necessary
to ensure that the inventory value accurately represents the amount expected to be realized upon sale. 

Allowance for impairment 

Total 

In November 2021, the Trachealator
product received FDA approval, allowing the Company to enter the U.S. market. Recognizing the lack of established sales channels and infrastructure,
management made a strategic investment by partnering with Innovative Outcomes, a distributor with a robust network. To facilitate this
investment, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility of up to , which Innovative Outcomes would use to enhance its
distribution capabilities while also supporting our operational efforts in this new territory. 

This arrangement was not part
of the Company s normal course of business but rather a targeted investment activity aimed at market entry. However, during the
quarter ending November 30, 2023, a significant change in strategic focus necessitated a reassessment of this partnership. The Company
identified the need to market its products to niche surgical units, while Innovative Outcomes opted to concentrate solely on the wound
care clinic market. This strategic misalignment prompted the decision to separate the developed network and infrastructure, allowing each
entity to pursue its respective goals. 

In ac cordance
with U.S. GAAP ASC 310, the Company has determined that a full impairment of the note receivable from Innovative Outcomes is warranted.
This decision is based on several critical factors: 

Deterioration
 of Financial Position: The financial position of Innovative Outcomes has deteriorated significantly,
 raising concerns about its ability to meet future obligations, including the repayment of
 the note. 

Strategic
 Misalignment: The divergence in strategic focus between the Company and Innovative Outcomes
 has adversely impacted their relationship. This misalignment has hindered collaborative efforts,
 reducing the likelihood of successful recovery. 

Lack
 of Access to Information: The Company has been unable to obtain sufficient information to
 conduct a comprehensive assessment of the recoverability of the loan. This lack of transparency
 further compounds the uncertainty surrounding the receivable. 

Given these circumstances, the Company
recognized a full impairment reserve against the receivable as of November 30, 2023, along with all accrued interest to date. This decision
reflects a commitment to accurate financial reporting and a conservative approach to asset valuation, ensuring that the financial statements
present a true and fair view of the Company s financial position. In September 2024, the full note became due and Innovative Outcomes
has defaulted on the note based on non-payment. 

As the loan incurs interest and
has fixed repayment terms, the Company views this as an investment activity rather than a regular operational endeavor. Nonetheless, Innovative
Outcomes remains liable for repayment, and interest will continue to accrue until maturity. Should payments be received, the provision
will be reversed in alignment with the corresponding cash flow. 

Interest 

Received/Issued 

Repayments 

Foreign exchange difference 

Closing balance 

Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited 

Opening balance 

Foreign exchange difference 

Closing balance 

Total debt 

Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited: 

Loans payable include an unsecured
loan of from Minoan Medical, the prior parent entity of DISA Medinotec in South Africa. This loan was initially obtained to
support the working capital and capital expenditure expansions of DISA Medinotec during its developmental and startup phases. Following
the acquisition of DISA Medinotec on March 2, 2022, the Company assumed this liability. 

The Company is obligated to repay
the loan within following its initial public offering (IPO), which is defined in the loan agreement as the point at which
the business growth is sufficient to list on a national exchange. National exchanges in the United States include the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE), NASDAQ, and NYSE American. During this three-year period, the loan will accrue interest at the prevailing
prime lending rate. As of August 31, 2024, the prevailing lending rate in South Africa was . The terms of this loan are considered
to be market-related. The Minoan Medical loan decreased by during the quarter ending August 31, 2024. 

and a 1 movement in the interest rates constitutes a value of 2,928 . In light of the absence of current major merger and
acquisition (M A) activity, management has decided to prioritize the repayment of loan accounts using spare cash flows generated by
the business. This strategic decision aims to strengthen the Company s financial position and enhance financial stability. By reducing
outstanding debt, the Company seeks to improve its leverage and overall financial position, positioning itself for future growth opportunities. 

The Company has the option to
make early settlement in cash or any form of equivalent. 

Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited s Minoan ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies, Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis. Minoan used
to hold his medical investments and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited was one of these investments before it was transferred
into the Medinotec Group of Companies. Pieter van Niekerk, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, also serves as a director of Minoan. 

Minoan Capital Proprietary
Limited: 

This is an unsecured, interest-free
loan with no fixed terms of repayment. 

Minoan Medical and Minoan Capital
are related parties of the Group as the CEO Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis has common control. 

Accrued payroll, payroll taxes and leave pay 

Provision for professional fees 

Royalties payable 

Tax Liability 

Other payables 

Total 

One major European Cardiac
supplier constituted 
of the total trade accounts payable as of August 31, 2024. 

compared to for the
period ended August 31, 2023, and 
 and for the six months
ending August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 respectively. 

Lease cost associated with operating
leases is charged to general and administrative expenses in our consolidated financial statements. The exercise of lease renewal options
is at our sole discretion. No extension period has been included in the determination of the right of use asset or the lease liability,
as we concluded that it is not reasonably certain that we would exercise such option. 

Maturities of our operating lease liability
as of August 31, 2024 was as follows: 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted lease payments: 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

b. Litigation 

From time to time, the Company may become
involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business and may be subject to third-party infringement claims. 

In the normal course of business, the
consolidated entities may agree to indemnify third parties with whom it enters into contractual relationships, including customers, lessors,
and parties to other transactions with the Consolidated entities, with respect to certain matters. The Consolidated entities has agreed,
under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations
or covenants, other third-party claims that the Group s products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual
property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. It is not possible to determine the maximum
potential amount of liability under these indemnification obligations due to the Consolidated entities limited history of prior indemnification
claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each claim. 

At the reporting date and to the
Company s knowledge, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries,
threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s
subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

shares of common stock authorized, par value per share, with shares available to issue for purposes of
satisfying conversion of preferred stock, the exercise and future grant of common stock options, and for purposes of any future business
acquisitions and other transactions. 

As of August 31, 2024, the Company had
 shares of preferred stock authorized, par value per share, and available to issue. There are no shares of preferred
stock outstanding or designated by the board of directors. 

This has remained unchanged from the
previous financial year ending February 29, 2024. 

Issued and outstanding shares of common
stock: 

Amount of
shares 
 August 31, 2024 units 
 February 29, 2024 units 

Common shares 

and , respectively, and for the six months ending
August 31, 2024 compared to for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

The effective tax rate for these periods
was and 
for the 3 months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and 
for the six months ending August 31, 2024 compared to 
for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

The effective tax rate is impacted
by several factors, including: 

1. 
 National, Federal and State Tax Rates: The statutory federal income tax rate is for the United
 States and for South Africa, compared to the effective tax rates disclosed above. 

2. 
 Permanent Differences: Certain items that are recognized in financial statements but are not taxable
 or deductible in the current period, such as relevant permanent differences specifically not allowed or which is capital in nature
 relating to the specific segments tax laws, impact our effective tax rate. 

3. 
 Temporary Differences: Timing differences between the recognition of income and expenses for tax
 purposes versus financial reporting purposes also contribute to the effective tax rate. Examples include depreciation methods, deferred
 tax assets/liabilities. 

4. 
 Tax Credits: Tax credits which may reduce our overall tax liability for the period. 

5. 
 Changes in Tax Legislation: Any recent changes in tax laws that may have affected our calculations,
 including will be taken into account. 

6. 
 Valuation Allowances: We evaluated the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets based
 on our assessment of future taxable income. 

This effective tax rate may differ
from the statutory rate due to the aforementioned factors. We will continue to monitor our effective tax rate and make necessary adjustments
as required by changes in our operations or tax legislation. 

The effective tax rate for the three
months ended August 31, 2024, differed from the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate of primarily due to permanent differences,
which include GILTI (Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income) and foreign rate differentials. For the three months ended August 31, 2023, the
effective tax rate also differed from the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to foreign rate differentials. 

As a U.S.-registered company with interests
in South African entities, we are also considering our obligations under the OECD's Pillar II framework, which seeks to ensure that multinational
enterprises pay a minimum level of tax. This framework informs our tax strategy and the management of our global tax liabilities. The
tax rate in the territory of South Africa is at the moment which is more than the threshold in the U.S. 

Pieter van Niekerk 
 Chief financial officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 
 Related directorships disclosed above 
 
 Minority Shareholder in Medinotec Inc 

Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Chief Executive officer of the Minoan Group of Companies 
 
 Brother of Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 Related directorships disclosed above 
 Shareholder in Medinotec Inc and Kingstyle investments. 
 
 Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 
 Non-Executive director of the Medinotec Group of companies 
 
 Brother of Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies 
 n/a 
 
 Joseph Dwyer 
 
 Non-Executive director of the Medinotec Group of companies 
 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 
 No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies 
 
 n/a 
 
 Athanasios Spirakis 
 Independent director of the Medinotec Group of companies 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 
 No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies 
 
 n/a 

a. Rent 

DISA Medinotec Propriety Limited leases
commercial buildings from Minoan Capital. Minoan Capital is owned 100 by the Chief Executive Officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies,
Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis. Pieter van Niekerk, CFO of the Medinotec Group of Companies, also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited. We are currently also renting storage and office space in the US on a 12-month lease agreement. 

Rental expense for operating leases
for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 was compared to for the quarter ended August 31, 2023, and for the six months
ending August 31, 2024 compared to for the six months ending August 31, 2023. 

Set forth below is a table showing the
Consolidated entities' rent paid for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 with Minoan Capital: 

Accounts payable 

Rent is comparable to rent charged
for similar properties in the same relative area. The company does market research of a Minimum and a Maximum rental value within the
area at every renewal of the rental agreement to ensure this is market related, this exercise is undertaken together with a registered
property agent who has the appropriate knowledge of the area. 

b.	 Loan 

As of August 31, 2024 the Company
has an unsecured loan payable of from Minoan Medical, the prior parent entity of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited, which
is incorporated in South Africa. This loan was originally obtained to finance working capital and capital expenditure (capex) expansions
of DISA Medinotec during its developmental and startup phases. 

The consolidated entities, particularly
Medinotec Inc., have the option to settle this loan earlier in cash or in any equivalent form. The terms of the loan stipulate that it
is to be repaid within three years following the initial public offering (IPO) or upon the commencement of trading on a recognized
national exchange for example NASDAQ, whichever occurs first. During this three-year period, the loan will accrue interest at the
prevailing prime lending rate, which was as of August 31, 2024. 

The terms of this loan are considered
to be market-related, reflecting conditions that are customary for similar arrangements. 

F- 25 

 Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans and objectives
for our future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should ,
 expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts ,
 potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are
only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk
Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation: 

the
 uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; 

legislative
 or regulatory changes concerning cardiac devices and therapies; 

risks
 related to our outstanding loans and our ability to service debt; 

risks
 related to our operations and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy; 

changes
 in economic conditions; 

uncertainty
 with respect to intellectual property rights, protecting those rights and claims of infringement
 of other s intellectual property; 

competition;
 and 

cybersecurity
 concerns. 

This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors
that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully, including those contained
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K under Risk Factors for the year ended February 29, 2024, and readers should not place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and
opinions on the date the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates
and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable
law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these
statements to actual results. 

Our financial statements are stated in United States
dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Business Overview 

Medinotec Inc. established Medinotec Capital Proprietary
Limited as a wholly owned subsidiary in South Africa. In March 2022, Medinotec Capital successfully acquired DISA Medinotec Proprietary
Limited after demonstrating the feasibility of a private placement of at least 3 million. This acquisition formed the Medinotec Group
of Companies, a South African-based medical device manufacturing and distribution entity. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

The Company engages in in-house manufacturing for
products that leverage its intellectual know-how, while also utilizing cash flows generated from marketing products as distribution partners
with major players in the industry. This distribution business supports the cash flows of the internally developed products while a market
is being established for these offerings. Our internally developed products include: 

The Trachealator 

In 2018, DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited developed
its most innovative product to date the Trachealator. This award-winning (Medical Design Excellence Awards Gold Winner
2021) balloon catheter was developed to address an unmet supply need in the specialty of advanced airway management, more specifically
tracheal dilation. That makes this innovative product in our opinion a world first in its ability to dilate a patient s airway while
maintaining ventilation to the patient without obstructing his/her airway. 

This life-saving device has quite literally changed
the way that tracheal and, to a degree, bronchial stenosis, is managed in extremely ill patients. This is especially true in a post Covid-19
world where tracheal stenosis due to extended tracheal intubation is becoming an ever more frequent pathology encountered by surgeons,
who, thanks to the Medinotec Group of Companies, now have a safe and effective tool at their disposal. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies is currently in management s
opinion considered a global leader in tracheal non-occlusive airway dilation technology. This belief of management was formed on the fact
that there are a number of airway dilation balloons that are offered for the management of tracheal stenosis, but to our knowledge all
of them are occlusive in nature. The fact that the Trachealator is a non-occlusive airway solution, allowing for continuous ventilation
during dilation, results in management believing that we could be regarded as a global leader in this technology. 

Other products manufactured by The Medinotec Group
of Companies include: 

Aortic Valve Dilation Balloon Catheter
(Developmental) 

The Aortic Perfusion and Dilation Catheter is a non-occlusive
perfusion balloon to allow the expansion of the aortic valve without impeding the cardiac output. 

It is currently in the mid stages of research
and development. This catheter could potentially be used to post dilate the artificial valve in TAVI (Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation)
without the need for pacing. 

A clinical study was conducted in 2022, as
part of the development of the Technical File documentation, which is currently undergoing examination by our Notified Body (DEKRA). 

FDA clearance via the 510(k) substantially equivalence
process is currently under review, with the application being submitted on the 31 st of May 2024. 

The Micro CTO Catheter (Developmental) 

We have developed a highly specific niche CTO
(Chronic Total Occlusion) catheter balloon range with diameters of 0.70 to 1.25 mm, as a size range extension to the current Cape Cross
Rx PTCA Balloon Catheter. 

These micro-balloon catheters address an extremely
specific market need for difficult coronary cases and will further cement our position as one of the premier specialized coronary balloon
catheter manufacturers. The Technical File was submitted to our Notified Body at the end of July 2023 and is currently undergoing examination. 

The process of obtaining FDA clearance for the
full range of Cape Cross PTCA catheters via the 510(k) substantial equivalence process commenced in January 2024 and the expected submission
date is February 2025. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

The Tracheal Stent (Developmental) 

We are currently in the initial stages of development
of a new self-expanding, temporary, silicone tracheal stent to be used in conjunction with the Trachealator balloon in the treatment of
tracheal stenosis. 

The complimentary nature of this product will
further build on our know-how in the field of advanced airway management. 

 The following distinct and finite developmental
phases / stages are applicable to all our product pipeline, namely: 

1) 
 R D 

2) 
 Pre-production prototyping 

3) 
 Testing 

4) 
 Production 

5) 
 Clinical trials 

6) 
 MDR/CE Mark accreditation 

7) 
 Local marketing selling 

8) 
 International sales outside the US 

9) 
 FDA 510 (k) approval 

10) 
 
 Sales to the United States. 

The products described have reached
the following stages: 

Trachealator: 
 
 The Company is pleased to report that, since sales commenced, it has supplied
 501 Update Trachealators, both in private and academic hospitals throughout the United States of America. 
 
 FDA clearance and CE registration was obtained. 

Cape Cross PTCA Catheter: 
 Application for FDA 510(k) clearance in progress with external consultants. Final submission pending. CE certification has been obtained. 

Cape Cross NC Catheter: 
 Application for FDA 510(k) clearance in progress with external consultants. Final submission pending. CE certification has been obtained. 

Lamprey Suction Dissector: 
 The progress of this product's development has been temporarily suspended to prioritize the pursuit of products with greater economic viability. 

Aortic Valve Dilation Balloon Catheter (Outflo) : 
 R D, Testing, Pre-Production Prototyping, Testing, Production, Clinical Trials, Application for MDR CE Mark Accreditation has been submitted. Application for FDA 510(k) clearance was submitted on the 31 st of May 2024. 

Micro CTO Catheter : 
 R D, Testing, Pre-Production Prototyping, Clinical Trials MDR/CE Mark accreditation application was submitted in July 2023. 

Tracheal Stent: 
 R D 

Epistaxis Catheter: 
 R D, Testing, Pre-Production Prototyping, Testing, Production, Clinical Trials FDA 510(k) exempted (Class I product) 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the Three and Six Months
ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 

Revenue 

Quarterly Performance 

For the quarter ended August 31, 2024,
consolidated revenue for the Medinotec Group of Companies reached 1,804,020, an increase from 350,792, a growth of 414 . 

Year-to-Date Performance 

For the six months ending August 31, 2024,
consolidated revenue was 3,055,897, compared to 766,999 in the corresponding period of the previous year, an increase of 298 . 

Operating Segments 

The Group operates through two
primary segments: 

Sales outside the United States: Includes
both in-house products and complementary products, the latter typically yielding thinner margins. 

Domestic Sales: Focused on our
Trachealator product within the United States. 

Sales Concentration 

Sales between the Medinotec Group and DISA
Life Sciences are expected to remain strong due to DISA's extensive distribution network in South Africa. However, the Group aims to diversify
and reduce its reliance on the South African market as we pursue opportunities in more developed international markets. 

Despite this intention, there is no certainty
that our efforts will successfully diminish our dependency on DISA Life Sciences for customer accounts. Expansion efforts face potential
barriers, including regulatory approvals and competition, which may hinder our entry into these new markets. Consequently, the risk of
customer concentration may persist unless we effectively navigate these challenges. 

Product Development 

The Trachealator product received FDA
clearance in November 2021, enabling the Company to market this product in the United States. Among Medinotec's most valuable assets are
its long-term customer relationships and robust distribution and marketing network. Our distribution partnership boasts over 100 sales
representatives who cover approximately 60 of hospital theatre floors in South Africa weekly. The Group plans to replicate this successful
model in the U.S. market. 

The following table sets forth total revenue by operating
segment of the total revenue balance: 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 
 Six months ended (unaudited) 

August 31, 
 
 August 31, 
 
 August 31, 
 
 August 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Outside United States of America 

Cape Cross NC Catheter 

16,058 

60,983 

47,673 

103,211 

Cape Cross PTCA Catheter 

36,905 

54,109 

63,721 

99,392 

Trachealator Catheter 

225,256 

120,200 

306,277 

265,236 

Components 

2,091 

6,126 

5,898 

14,866 

Distribution revenue 

1,360,728 

2,333,572 

1,641,038 

241,418 

2,757,141 

482,705 

Inside United States of America 

Trachealator Catheter 

162,982 

109,374 

298,756 

284,294 

Total Company Sales 

1,804,020 

350,792 

3,055,897 

766,999 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Outside the U.S. Segment 

Revenues from the segment of our products
sold outside the United States for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024, increased by 580 and 471 , respectively,
reaching 1,641,038 and 2,757,141, compared to 241,418 and 482,705 for the same periods in the prior year. The increase
in revenues was primarily driven by the addition of new distribution revenue lines in South Africa and enhanced sales and marketing efforts
for our in-house developed products. 

However, there have been volume drops in sales of
our internally designed and manufactured products in the Outside the U.S. segment. This decline is largely attributable to the significant
time and attention being focused on the U.S. market, as well as market constraints stemming from macroeconomic factors in Europe. 

Our sales and marketing initiatives in this segment
included: 

1. 
 Strategic Partnerships: We established new distribution
agreements with key partners in South Africa, leveraging their established networks to enhance our market penetration. 

2. 
 Sales Training: We implemented comprehensive training
programs for our sales representatives, focusing on product knowledge and effective sales techniques to better engage healthcare professionals. 

3. 
 Targeted Marketing Campaigns: We launched tailored
marketing campaigns highlighting the unique benefits of our products, which included digital marketing, trade shows, and direct outreach
to healthcare facilities. 

4. 
 Customer Relationship Management (CRM): We invested
in CRM tools to better track customer interactions, allowing for tailored approaches that strengthen relationships with healthcare providers. 

5. 
 Market Research: Ongoing research was conducted to
identify emerging trends and customer needs, enabling us to refine our offerings and marketing strategies accordingly. 

Inside the U.S. Segment 

Revenues from the segment of our products
sold inside the United States for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024, increased by 49.0 and 5.1 , respectively, totaling
 162,982 and 298,755, compared to 109,374 and 284,294 for the prior year. This revenue growth was primarily attributable to intensified
sales and marketing efforts focused on our in-house developed products. 

Key initiatives in this segment included: 

1. 
 Expanded Sales Force: We increased the number of
sales representatives dedicated to the U.S. market, enhancing our ability to engage more healthcare providers effectively. 

2. 
 Promotional Activities: We organized promotional
events and product demonstrations in key hospital systems to showcase our products directly to potential customers. 

3. 
 Educational Initiatives: We launched educational
programs aimed at healthcare professionals, providing valuable information about our products and their applications in clinical settings
through webinars and workshops. 

4. 
 Enhanced Online Presence: Our digital marketing strategy
was revamped to improve online visibility, including optimized website content and targeted online advertising to reach healthcare professionals. 

5. 
 Feedback and Adaptation: Regular feedback loops were
established with customers to gain insights into their experiences, allowing us to refine our product offerings and sales strategies continually. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Cost of Goods 

The following tables compare cost
of goods sold as dollar amounts and as a percent of net sales for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: 

For
 the Quarter Ended 
 For
 the Six Months Ended 

August
 31, 2024 
 August
 31, 2023 
 August
 31, 2024 
 August
 31, 2023 
 
 Total
 cost of goods sold 
 970,608 
 60,988 
 1,622,207 
 159,486 

For
 the Quarter Ended 
 For
 the Six Months Ended 

August
 31, 2024 
 August
 31, 2023 
 August
 31, 2024 
 August
 31, 2023 
 
 Total
 cost of goods sold 
 54 
 17 
 53 
 20 

The
composition of the cost of sales figure as a to the segments is as follows 

For
 the Quarter Ended 
 For
 the Six Months Ended 

August
 31, 2024 
 
 August
 31, 2023 
 August
 31, 2024 
 
 August
 31, 2023 
 
 Outside
 United States of America 
 98 
 
 87 
 99 
 
 71 
 
 Inside
 the United states of America 
 2 
 
 13 
 1 
 
 29 

Cost of goods sold (COGS) increased for the three
months ended August 31, 2024, primarily due to the factors previously mentioned related to the revenue increase. Gross margin as a percentage
of sales decreased to 46 , compared to 83 in the same quarter of the prior year. 

For the six months ended August 31, 2024, COGS also
increased, driven by the same factors affecting revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 43 , down from 80 in the prior year
period. 

The decline in gross margin for both
the quarter and year-to-date can be attributed to a shift in the sales mix, with a higher proportion of distribution product volumes
compared to in-house developed product volumes, particularly in South Africa. Additionally, it is important to note that COGS is significantly
impacted by foreign exchange fluctuations. Since revenues generated outside of the U.S. segment are predominantly in South African Rand,
which can be quite volatile, these currency movements materially affect our cost structure. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses were 397,665
for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, up from 234,069 for the quarter ended August 31, 2023. Operating expenses were 728,775
for the six months ended August 31, 2024, up from 510,927 for the six months ended August 31, 2023. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

One of the major components
that affects the operating expenses is the costs of compliance for the business. Certain costs are once off in nature and others will
be recurring. 

Three months ended (Unaudited) 
 
 Six months ended (Unaudited) 

August 31, 2024 
 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Value Change 

August 31, 2024 
 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Value Change 

Change 

Change 
 
 Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

19,522 

12,402 

7,120 

57 

37,438 

24,845 

12,593 

51 

General and administrative expenses 

353,808 

183,329 

170,479 

93 

631,014 

399,444 

231.570 

58 

Research and development expenses 

1,892 

11,857 

(9,965) 

(84) 

16,872 

14,119 

2,753 

19 

Sales and marketing expenses 

22,443 

26,481 

(4,038) 

(15) 

43,451 

72,519 

(29,068) 

(40) 
 
 Total operating expenses 

397,665 

234,069 

163,596 

70 

728,775 

510,927 

217,848 

43 

Depreciation and amortization
expense increased by 7,120 for the quarter and 12,593 for the six months ending August 31, 2024. This rise is primarily attributed to
the acquisition of new assets and the allocation of depreciation to products manufactured. Total depreciation for the quarter, including
amounts allocated to manufactured products, was 25,309, and 48,537 for the six-month period ending August 31, 2024. 

General and administrative expenses as
a total increased by 170,479 for the quarter and 231,570 for the six months ending August 31, 2024. 

The most material causes
of these movements are the following: 

There
 was an increase in payroll costs of 63,085 for the three-month period and 424,550 year-to-date.
 This increase includes the payroll expenses associated with the new distribution line, reflecting
 the costs incurred. 
 The
 remainder of the increase was due to compliance costs that were incurred. 

General and administrative
expenses per segment is allocated as follows 

Quarter Ending August 31 
 Inside the United States ) 
 Outside the United States ) 
 Total ) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 140,727 
 99,708 
 213,082 
 83,621 
 353,809 
 183,329 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Six Months Ending August 31 
 Inside the United States ) 
 Outside the United States ) 
 Total ) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 273,123 
 214,602 
 357,891 
 184,842 
 631,014 
 399,444 

For the quarter and six months ending
August 31, 2024, 48 of the expense increase is attributable to payroll costs in the segment inside the USA, while 34 relates to payroll
costs for operations outside the USA, reflecting an increase from 43 year-to-date and 25 in the prior year. The comparative turnover
generated by each segment, as a percentage of payroll costs, shows that operations outside the USA accounted for 11 , compared to 20 
in the previous six months, while the inside USA segment continues to demonstrate its own strengths. 

This data indicates that the company s
strategy of leveraging less expensive, high-quality talent abroad is yielding positive results. This approach not only enhances our cost
efficiency but also reinforces our commitment to maintaining a skilled workforce that is essential for driving our operations. 

The remaining portion of general and administrative
expenses is primarily compliance obligations, which are critical for a medical device company operating in a highly regulated market.
These costs encompass regulatory filings, quality assurance initiatives, and other compliance measures necessary to meet industry standards.
As a publicly traded entity, we also incur specific expenses related to our listing on the OTCQX markets. These expenses cover regulatory
compliance, investor relations, and reporting requirements that are vital for maintaining transparency and accountability as a public
enterprise. It is important to note that these public-related expenses are specific to our operations within the United States. 

Collectively, these factors
highlight the significance of stringent compliance and operational readiness within our cost structure, ensuring that we meet both regulatory
requirements and the expectations of our stakeholders. 

Research and development
expenses increased by 7,120 for the quarter and increased by 2,753 for the six months ending August 31, 2024. In terms of capital allocation
for research and development (R D), we adopt an R D-light approach. This strategy focuses on commercially viable projects, prioritizing
investments that promise higher returns. Our R D efforts primarily center on process improvement and manufacturing efficiencies rather
than high-risk initiatives. By opting to pay R D royalties and select projects that are closer to commercialization, we ensure a higher
likelihood of success and minimize resource allocation to less promising ventures. 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased
by 4,038 for the quarter and 29,068 for the six months ending August 31, 2024. This reduction is primarily due to our increased use
of distributors in all territories, which allows for a better alignment of costs incurred with item sales, as opposed to maintaining a
full-time staff whose expenses can accumulate over time relative to sales performance. 

We continue to deliver directly to customers
to preserve our relationships with these customers and ensure that we do not lose touch with our clients through our use of distributors
especially in the United States. Additionally, this decrease can be attributed to the timing of conferences and marketing events attended,
which can create discrepancies when comparing year-over-year expenses. 

For all expense categories it is important
to note that we maintain a flat organizational structure that allows for flexibility in staff roles, enabling sales personnel to transition
into operational and manufacturing positions, and vice versa. While this adaptability provides us with a competitive advantage, it may
impact our quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparisons across the various expense categories used for reporting purposes. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Net Income / (Loss) 

Net income for the quarter ending August 31, 2024,
was 284,749, a significant improvement from a net loss of 33,164 for the same quarter ending August 31, 2023. For the six months ended
August 31, 2024, net income was 371,953, up from a net loss of 10,876 in the corresponding six-month period of the previous year. 

This positive change is primarily attributable to
increased sales, as previously discussed. 

Included in net income is the contribution to income
or loss from operations by segment for the quarter ending August 31, 2024. This metric is viewed as the most accurate and operationally
driven indicator to illustrate the impact of each segment on net income. By focusing on the contribution from operations, we can more
clearly assess how each segment performs independently, allowing for a better understanding of their respective efficiencies and profitability.
This approach provides valuable insights into the operational health of the business and supports informed decision-making for future
strategic initiatives. 

Quarter Ending August 31 
 Inside the United States ) 
 Outside the United States ) 
 Total ) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Income/(loss) from operations 
 (5,151) 
 (2,657) 
 440,898 
 58,392 
 435,747 
 55,735 

Six Months Ending August 31 
 Inside the United States ) 
 Outside the United States ) 
 Total ) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Income/(loss) from operations 
 (27,191) 
 34,255 
 732,106 
 62,331 
 704,915 
 96,586 

The loss-making nature of the Inside the United States
segment, in contrast to the profitability of the segment outside the United States, can be attributed to the differing phases of business
maturity. The Inside the USA segment is currently in an active build-up phase, reflecting its less mature status, while the segment outside
the USA has reached a more established stage of development. 

Furthermore, the Inside the USA territory incurs higher
operating and running costs compared to the segment outside the USA. This disparity in expenses provides a competitive advantage for the
outside USA segment, where highly skilled South African professionals can be engaged at a lower cost than would be required for similar
services within the USA. As a result, the outside USA segment benefits from a more favorable cost structure, contributing to its profitability
while the Inside USA segment continues to develop. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of August 31, 2024, the Company reported
current assets of 4,902,075 and total assets of 5,295,834. Current liabilities at the same date were 1,566,122, resulting in working
capital of 3,335,953. Compared to February 29, 2024 when current assets were 4,379,297 and total assets were 4,804,279, with current
liabilities of 827,453 and working capital of 3,551,844. The growth in total assets reflects strong capital resources closely linked
to our recent revenue growth, driven by enhanced sales and marketing efforts in both domestic and international markets. Working capital
reduced due to strategic use of current assets to reduce long term liabilities in the form of the related party loan. This was done due
to operating in a high interest environment. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

We believe that the funds generated from operations,
along with our existing cash reserves, will be sufficient to finance our current operations and meet our obligations over the next twelve
months. Our operational cash flow is expected to support our activities beyond the next twelve months, although we remain open to exploring
additional funding sources as needed for growth initiatives discussed below. 

In terms of capital allocation for research and development
(R D), we adopt an R D-light approach. This strategy focuses on commercially viable projects, prioritizing investments that promise
higher returns. Our R D efforts are primarily centered on process improvement and manufacturing efficiencies rather than high-risk
initiatives. By opting to pay R D royalties and select projects that are closer to commercialization, we ensure a higher likelihood
of success and minimize resource allocation to less promising ventures. 

Looking ahead, we plan to undertake clinical write-ups
in new territories to facilitate market entry and compliance with local regulations. We do not anticipate exceeding 50,000 for these
activities, maintaining a disciplined approach to expenses while capitalizing on growth opportunities. 

To further support potential acquisitions, strategic
partnerships, capital expenditures, and the expansion of our R D initiatives, we may consider seeking additional debt or equity financing
or establishing lines of credit to supplement cash flows from operations. This proactive approach will enable us to leverage our financial
position for sustainable growth and innovation. 

Cash flow movements 

The following
table summarizes our cash flows from continuing operations for the periods indicated: 

Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 
 ) 

Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating Activities 

645,210 

(281,256) 
 
 Investing Activities 

(17,733) 

Financing Activities 

(733,871) 

260,901 

Cash flows from
Operating Activities 

For the six months ended August 31, 2024,
our operating cash flows experienced a significant turnaround, moving from a negative cash generation of 281,256 in the prior period
to a positive cash generation of 621,255. This notable improvement in operating cash flow can be attributed primarily to enhanced profitability
and effective management of working capital. 

Profitability Improvement 

During this period, we reported an increase
in net profit after tax of 371,953, compared to a loss of 10,876 in the same period last year. This shift was largely driven by robust
sales growth in our Outside the USA segment, specifically within our newly acquired cardiology distribution business, which commenced
operations in the third quarter of 2023 in South Arica. The expansion in this segment has been instrumental in driving our revenue upward
and enhancing our overall profitability. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Working Capital Movements 

In addition to the improvement in profitability, the remaining increase in cash generated from operations was influenced by favorable
movements in working capital. We effectively managed our trade receivables, inventory, and accounts payable to support the revenue growth
in the cardiology distribution business. 

Trade Receivables: We implemented more efficient collection processes, which resulted in a quicker
 turnover of accounts receivable, contributing positively to our cash flows. 

Inventory Management: We optimized our inventory levels to align with increased demand, ensuring
 that we maintain sufficient stock without overcommitting resources. 

Accounts Payable: We strategically managed our payables, taking advantage of favorable payment terms
 to maintain liquidity while supporting our growth objectives. 

Furthermore, the company's ability
to maintain strong relationships with suppliers and customers is critical in ensuring a steady flow of cash. Our commitment to direct
customer engagement, even as we utilize distributors, helps preserve these relationships, facilitating smoother transactions and improved
cash flow stability. 

Overall, the combination of increased
profitability, operational efficiencies, effective management of payment timing, and strong supplier relationships has positioned us
well to enhance our cash flows from operating activities. We remain committed to sustaining this positive momentum as we continue to
expand our market presence and drive growth in our key business segments. 

Cash flows from
Investing Activities 

For the period ending August 31, 2024, we reported a decrease in net
cash used in investing activities of 11,787, compared to zero in the prior period. 

Cash flow from
Financing Activities 

For the six months ending August 31, 2024,
we reported a use of cash from financing activities of 704,672, compared with cash generated of 260,901 in the prior period ending August
31, 2023. This change was primarily driven by the repayment of a portion of the related party loan during the current period, compared
with the previous period, which included proceeds from long-term debt that contributed to higher cash inflows from the same loan facility. 

The repayment of the related party
loan is indicative of our improved financial stability and a commitment to reducing leverage, which represents a positive development
for the business. By lowering our debt obligations, we enhance our balance sheet, reduce interest expenses, and position ourselves for
better cash flow in the long term. This proactive management of debt not only strengthens our financial position but also enhances our
financial flexibility, allowing us to allocate resources more effectively toward growth initiatives, operational improvements, and strategic
investments. 

Additionally, the decrease in
reliance on external financing to fund operations suggests that our core business activities are generating sufficient cash flow. This
transition reflects a healthier financial foundation and fosters greater confidence among investors and stakeholders regarding our sustainability
and growth prospects. 

Overall, we believe these developments
underscore our strategic focus on long-term value creation and position us favorably for future growth opportunities. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of August 31, 2024, there were no off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants
list their most critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical
accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires
management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies as described in the footnotes
to our financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2024; however, we consider our
critical accounting policies to be those related to revenue from the revenue of self-manufactured products, revenue from the distribution
of products, allowance for note receivable impairment, and inventories valuation, costing and obsolescence. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company does not expect the adoption of recently
issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s Consolidated results of operation, financial position
or cash flow. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
during the period ended August 31, 2024, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by
us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities Exchange
Commission s rules and forms, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted
by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that during the period ended August 31, 2024, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No change in our system of internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report i.e. the period ended August 31, 2024, that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. We are not
aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5 or more of our voting securities
are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item 1A: Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, carefully consider the risk factors described under the heading Part I Item 1A. Risk
Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024. Such risks described are not
the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that our management currently deems to be immaterial,
also may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. There have been no material changes to those risk
factors since their disclosure in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

None 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 

None 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

EX-101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

EX-101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

EX-101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

EX-101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

EX-101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

EX-101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

XBRL (Extensible Business
Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections
11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Medinotec, Inc. 
 
 Date: October 15, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 

Gregory Vizirgianakis 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Medinotec, Inc. 
 
 Date: October 15, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Pieter van Niekerk 

Pieter van Niekerk 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

18 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Gregory Vizirgianakis, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 of Medinotec, Inc.. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 15, 2024 

/s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 

 By: Gregory Vizirgianakis 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Pieter van Niekerk, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 of Medinotec, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 15, 2024 

/s/ Pieter van Niekerk 

 By: Pieter van Niekerk 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Medinotec, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Gregory Vizirgianakis, Chief Executive Officer, and I, Pieter van Niekerk, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Name: 
 Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Date: 
 October 15, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Pieter van Niekerk 
 
 Name: 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: 
 October 15, 2024 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mdnc-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mdnc-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mdnc-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mdnc-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

