<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1262976_0001262976-24-000115.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8495489</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103199</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1478089</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3078144</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2163893</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1480084</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262976-24-000115.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031171438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262976-24-000115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIMPRESS plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001262976
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMERCIAL PRINTING [2750]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				980417483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39148
		FILM NUMBER:		241416166

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FIRST FLOOR BUILDING 3
		STREET 2:		FINNABAIR BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY PARK
		CITY:			DUNDALK, COUNTY LOUTH
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			A91 H9N9
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-652-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CIMPRESS USA INCORPORATED
		STREET 2:		275 WYMAN STREET
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CIMPRESS N.V.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VISTAPRINT N.V.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090828

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VISTAPRINT LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262976-24-000115.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 cmpr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cmpr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________ 
 Form 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 _________________________________ 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 _________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 ______________________________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, there were Cimpress plc ordinary shares outstanding. 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Deficit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 CIMPRESS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowances of 7,307 and 7,219, respectively 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease assets, net Software and website development costs, net Deferred tax assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, noncontrolling interests and shareholders deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Short-term debt Operating lease liabilities, current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Redeemable noncontrolling interests (Note 10) Shareholders deficit: Preferred shares, nominal value 0.01 per share, 100,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Ordinary shares, nominal value 0.01 per share, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 43,231,566 and 43,051,269 shares issued, respectively; 25,260,319 and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Treasury shares, at cost, 17,971,247 shares for both periods presented 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders deficit attributable to Cimpress plc ) ) Noncontrolling interests (Note 10) Total shareholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and shareholders deficit 
 See accompanying notes. 
 1 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue (1) Technology and development expense (1) Marketing and selling expense (1) General and administrative expense (1) Amortization of acquired intangible assets Restructuring expense ) Income from operations Other (expense) income, net ) Interest expense, net ) ) Gain on early extinguishment of debt (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income ) Add: Net (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to Cimpress plc ) Basic net (loss) income per share attributable to Cimpress plc ) Diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Cimpress plc ) Weighted average shares outstanding basic Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (1) 
 Technology and development expense Marketing and selling expense General and administrative expense 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 2 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (unaudited in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation gains (losses), net of hedges ) Net unrealized (losses) gains on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net (loss) income for derivative instruments ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Add: Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Total comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Cimpress plc ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 3 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 (unaudited in thousands) 
 Ordinary Shares Treasury Shares Number of Shares Issued Amount Number of Shares Issued Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Deficit Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Issuance of ordinary shares due to share option exercises, net of shares withheld for taxes Share-based awards vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net income attributable to Cimpress plc Redeemable noncontrolling interest accretion to redemption value ) ) Net unrealized gain on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges Foreign currency translation, net of hedges ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Issuance of ordinary shares due to share option exercises, net of shares withheld for taxes Purchase and cancellation of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) ) Share-based awards vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Net loss attributable to Cimpress plc ) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest accretion to redemption value ) ) Net unrealized loss on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of hedges Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) See accompanying notes. 
 4 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net (loss) income 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Deferred taxes ) Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
 ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments included in net (loss) income 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currency ) Other non-cash items ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Capitalization of software and website development costs ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets Proceeds from maturity of held-to-maturity investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of 7.375 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Payments for early redemption or purchase of 7.0 Senior Notes due 2026 ) ) Proceeds from borrowings of debt Payments of debt ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Payments of withholding taxes in connection with equity awards ) ) Payments of finance lease obligations ) ) Purchase of ordinary shares ) Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (unaudited in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for interest 
 Cash received for interest 
 Cash (received) paid for income taxes 
 ) Non-cash investing and financing activities Property and equipment acquired under finance leases Amounts accrued related to property, plant and equipment Amounts accrued related to capitalized software development costs 
 See accompanying notes. 
 6 

CIMPRESS PLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited in thousands, except share and per share data) 

1. Description of the Business 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 of our ordinary shares on the open market for . The repurchased shares were immediately retired after repurchase and therefore have been classified as authorized and unissued shares as of September 30, 2024. Currency-related gains (losses), net (2) 
 ) Other gains 
 Total other (expense) income, net 
 ) 
 _____________________ 
 (1) and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 4 for additional details relating to our derivative contracts. 
 (2) on a cross-currency swap designated as a cash flow hedge which hedges the remeasurement of an intercompany loan. We did not hold any cross-currency swap contracts that were designated as cash flow hedges during the current quarter. Refer to Note 4 for additional details regarding our cash flow hedges. 
 7 

Weighted average shares issuable upon exercise/vesting of outstanding share options/PSUs/RSUs/warrants (1)(2) 
 Shares used in computing diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Cimpress plc Weighted average anti-dilutive shares excluded from diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Cimpress plc (1) __________________ 
 (1) 
 of our ordinary shares with a strike price of that have a potentially dilutive impact on our weighted average shares outstanding. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the average market price of our ordinary shares was higher than the strike price of the warrants and the weighted average anti-dilutive effect of the warrants (anti-dilutive due to our net loss position) was . . 

3. Fair Value Measurements 
 8 

Currency forward contracts Total assets recorded at fair value Liabilities Cross-currency swap contracts ) ) Currency forward contracts ) ) Currency option contracts ) ) Total liabilities recorded at fair value ) ) 
 
 June 30, 2024 Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets Interest rate swap contracts Cross-currency swap contracts Currency forward contracts Currency option contracts Total assets recorded at fair value Liabilities Currency forward contracts ) ) Currency option contracts ) ) Total liabilities recorded at fair value ) ) 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended June 30, 2024, there were no significant transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 classifications. 
 The valuations of the derivatives intended to mitigate our interest rate and currency risks are determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each instrument. This analysis utilizes observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves, interest rate volatility, or spot and forward exchange rates, and reflects the contractual terms of these instruments, including the period to maturity. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparties' nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we have considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements. 
 Although we have determined that the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with our derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the 
 9 

) U.S. government securities ) Total held-to-maturity securities ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other current liabilities approximated their estimated fair values. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the carrying value of our debt, excluding debt issuance costs and debt premiums and discounts, was and , respectively, and the fair value was and , respectively. Our debt at September 30, 2024 includes variable-rate debt instruments indexed to Term SOFR and Euribor that reset periodically, as well as fixed-rate debt instruments. The estimated fair value of our debt was determined using available market information based on recent trades or activity of debt instruments with substantially similar risks, terms and maturities, which fall within Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The estimated fair value of assets and liabilities disclosed above may not be representative of actual values that could have been or will be realized in the future. 
 
 4. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 10 

of income will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net during the twelve months ending September 30, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, we had effective outstanding interest rate swap contracts that were indexed to Term or Daily SOFR. 
 Contracts with a future start date Total 
 ________________________ 
 
 Hedges of Currency Risk 
 Cross-Currency Swap Contracts 
 We execute cross-currency swap contracts designated as net investment hedges. Cross-currency swaps involve an initial receipt of the notional amount in the hedged currency in exchange for our reporting currency based on a contracted exchange rate. Subsequently, we receive fixed rate payments in our reporting currency in exchange for fixed rate payments in the hedged currency over the life of the contract. At maturity, the final exchange involves the receipt of our reporting currency in exchange for the notional amount in the hedged currency. 
 Cross-currency swap contracts designated as net investment hedges are executed to mitigate our currency exposure of net investments in subsidiaries that have reporting currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding cross-currency swap contract designated as a net investment hedge with a total notional amount of , maturing during June 2028. We entered into the cross-currency swap contract to hedge the risk of changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of a portion of our net investment in a consolidated subsidiary that has the Euro as its functional currency. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss are recognized as a component of our cumulative translation adjustment. 
 Other Currency Hedges 
 We execute currency forward and option contracts in order to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in various currencies against our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. These contracts or intercompany loans may be designated as hedges to mitigate the risk of changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of a portion of our net investment in consolidated subsidiaries that have the Euro as their functional currency. The impact of net investment hedges is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss as a component of translation adjustments, net of hedges, and would only be reclassified to earnings if the hedged subsidiaries were no longer consolidated entities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have one intercompany loan designated as a net investment hedge with a total notional amount of that matures in May 2028. 
 We have elected to not apply hedge accounting for all other currency forward and option contracts. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we experienced volatility within other (expense) income, net, in our consolidated statements of operations from unrealized gains and losses on the mark-to-market of outstanding currency forward and option contracts. We expect this volatility to continue in future periods for contracts for which we do not apply hedge accounting. Additionally, since our hedging objectives may be targeted at non-GAAP financial metrics that exclude non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization, we may experience volatility in our GAAP results as a result of our currency hedging program. 
 In most cases, we enter into these currency derivative contracts, for which we do not apply hedge accounting, in order to address the risk for certain currencies where we have a net exposure to adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial metric. Adjusted EBITDA exposures are our focus for the majority of our mark-to-market currency forward and option contracts because a similar metric is referenced within the debt covenants of our amended and restated senior secured credit agreement (refer to Note 8 for additional information about this agreement). Our most significant net currency exposures by volume are the Euro and the British Pound (GBP). Our adjusted EBITDA hedging approach results in addressing nearly all of our forecasted Euro and GBP net exposures for the upcoming twelve months, with a declining hedged percentage out to twenty-four months. For certain other 
 11 

December 2022 through September 2024 Various dates through September 2026 
 Financial Instrument Presentation 
 ) Other current liabilities / other liabilities Derivatives in net investment hedging relationships Cross-currency swaps Other assets Other liabilities ) ) Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Currency forward contracts Other current assets / other assets Other current liabilities / other liabilities ) ) Currency option contracts Other current assets / other assets Other current liabilities / other liabilities ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) 
 
 12 

Other liabilities Derivatives in net investment hedging relationships Cross-currency swaps Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Currency forward contracts Other current assets / other assets ) Other current liabilities / other liabilities ) ) Currency option contracts Other current assets / other assets ) Other current liabilities / other liabilities ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) )) Cross-currency swaps Derivatives in net investment hedging relationships Intercompany loan 
 ) Currency forward contracts ) Total ) 
 
 13 

) Interest expense, net Cross-currency swaps ) Other (expense) income, net Total before income tax ) (Loss) income before income taxes Income tax ) Income tax expense Total ) Other (expense) income, net Total ) 
 
 5. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 : 
 Gains on cash flow hedges (1) Gains (losses) on pension benefit obligation Translation adjustments, net of hedges (2) Total Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net (loss) income 
 Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 (2) and have been included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. Intercompany loan hedge gains, net of tax, of and have been included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 14 

6. Goodwill 
 Effect of currency translation adjustments (1) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 

7. Other Balance Sheet Components 
 Income and indirect taxes Advertising costs 
 Third-party manufacturing and digital content costs 
 Shipping costs Variable compensation incentives Sales returns 
 Professional fees Interest payable Other Total accrued expenses 
 
 Current portion of finance lease obligations Other ) Total other current liabilities 
 Long-term compensation incentives Long-term derivative liabilities (1) 
 Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest Other Total other liabilities 
 ________________________ 
 (1) 
 15 

8. Debt 
 7.0 Senior Notes due 2026 (1) 
 Senior secured credit facility Other Debt issuance costs and discounts, net of debt premiums (2) ) ) Total debt outstanding, net Less: short-term debt (3) Long-term debt 
 _____________________ 
 (1) in aggregate principal amount of 7.375 Senior Notes due 2032. We used the net proceeds of this offering plus cash on hand to redeem the of our 7.0 Senior Notes due 2026 and pay the associated interest and financing fees. 
 (2) in debt issuance costs, which related to the private placement of our 7.375 Senior Notes due 2032, as well as the amendment to our senior secured credit facility. We wrote-off of unamortized costs, which was offset by the write-off of of debt premium related to the redemption of our 7.0 Senior Notes due 2026. Refer to the description below for additional details. 
 (3) Balances as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 are inclusive of short-term debt issuance costs, debt premiums and discounts of and , respectively. 
 Our various debt arrangements described below contain customary representations, warranties, and events of default. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants in our debt contracts, including those under our amended and restated senior secured credit agreement dated as of May 17, 2021 (as further amended from time to time, the "Restated Credit Agreement") and the indenture governing our 2032 Notes. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On September 26, 2024, we entered into an amendment to our Restated Credit Agreement to extend the maturity date of our senior secured revolving credit facility to September 26, 2029 (subject to a springing maturity to the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date of the term loan facility if the term loan facility has not been extended, repaid or refinanced on or prior to such date) and reduced the related credit spread and commitment fee on unused balances. 
 Our Restated Credit Agreement consists of the following as of September 30, 2024: 
 a USD Tranche that bears interest at Term SOFR (with a Term SOFR rate floor of plus , 
 a (U.S. dollar equivalent of Euro Tranche that currently bears interest at EURIBOR (with a EURIBOR floor of plus , and 
 a senior secured revolving credit facility with a maturity date of September 26, 2029 (the Revolving Credit Facility ), with no outstanding borrowings for any periods presented. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at Term SOFR (with a Term SOFR rate floor of plus to depending on the Company s First Lien Leverage Ratio, a net leverage calculation, as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement. 
 The Restated Credit Agreement contains covenants that restrict or limit certain activities and transactions by Cimpress and our subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens; certain fundamental organizational changes; asset sales; certain intercompany activities; and certain investments and restricted payments, including purchases of Cimpress plc s ordinary shares and payment of dividends. In addition, . 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Restated Credit Agreement was , inclusive of interest rate swap rates. We are also required to pay a commitment fee for our Revolving Credit Facility on unused balances of to depending on our First 
 16 

in aggregate principal amount of 7.375 senior unsecured notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes"). We issued the 2032 Notes pursuant to a senior notes indenture dated as of September 26, 2024, among Cimpress plc, our subsidiary guarantors, and U.S Bank Trust Company, as trustee (the "Indenture"). We used the net proceeds from the 2032 Notes, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the outstanding 7.0 senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes") at a redemption price equal to par of the principal amount, to pay all accrued unpaid interest thereon, and to pay all fees and expenses related to the redemption and offering. As a result of the redemption, we incurred a gain on the extinguishment of debt of which included the write-off of the associated unamortized debt premium of which was partially offset by the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs of . 
 The 2032 Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.375 per annum and mature on September 15, 2032. Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2025, to the holders of record of the 2032 Notes at the close of business on March 1 or September 1, respectively, preceding such interest payment date. 
 The 2032 Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment to all our existing and future senior unsecured debt and senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future subordinated debt. The 2032 Notes are effectively subordinated to any of our existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. Subject to certain exceptions, each of our existing and future subsidiaries that is a borrower under or guarantees our senior secured credit facilities guarantees the 2032 Notes. 
 
 The Indenture under which the 2032 Notes are issued contains various covenants, including covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, limit our restricted subsidiaries ability to: incur and/or guarantee additional debt; pay dividends, repurchase shares or make certain other restricted payments; enter into agreements limiting dividends and certain other restricted payments; prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; grant liens on assets; merge, consolidate or transfer or dispose of substantially all of our consolidated assets; sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of property and assets; and engage in transactions with affiliates. 
 
 At any time prior to September 15, 2027, we may redeem some or all of the 2032 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount redeemed, plus a make-whole amount as set forth in the Indenture, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts (as defined in the Indenture), if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. In addition, at any time prior to September 15, 2027, Cimpress may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 40 of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes with the net proceeds of certain equity offerings by Cimpress at a redemption price equal to 107.375 of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any (which accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts need not be funded with such proceeds), to, but not including, the redemption date. At any time on or after September 15, 2027, Cimpress may redeem some or all of the Notes at the redemption prices specified in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 Other Debt 
 Other debt consists primarily of term loans acquired through our various acquisitions or used to fund certain capital investments. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, we had and , respectively, outstanding for those obligations that are payable through September 2027. 
 
 9. Income Taxes 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Income tax expense increased versus the prior comparative period due to various immaterial discrete items in both periods and an increased full-year forecasted effective tax rate. Excluding the effect of discrete tax adjustments, our estimated annual effective tax rate is higher for fiscal year 2025 than for fiscal year 2024 primarily due to increased forecasted full-year profits. O ur effective tax rate continues to be negatively impacted by losses in certain jurisdictions where we are unable to recognize a tax benefit in the current period. These losses with no tax benefit were excluded in calculating income tax expense for the three months ended 
 17 

, including accrued interest and penalties of . We recognize interest and, if applicable, penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. If recognized, of unrecognized tax benefits would reduce our tax expense. It is reasonably possible that a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months in the range of to related to the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations or settlement. We believe we have appropriately provided for all tax uncertainties. 
 
 We conduct business in a number of tax jurisdictions and, as such, are required to file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions globally. The years 2014 through 2024 remain open for examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and the years 2015 through 2024 remain open for examination in the various states and non-U.S. tax jurisdictions in which we file tax returns. We believe that our income tax reserves are adequately maintained taking into consideration both the technical merits of our tax return positions and ongoing developments in our income tax audits. However, the final determination of our tax return positions, if audited, is uncertain, and there is a possibility that final resolution of these matters could have a material impact on our results of operations or cash flows. 

10. Noncontrolling Interests 
 Accretion to redemption value recognized in retained earnings (1) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Foreign currency translation Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 _________________ 
 (1) 
 
 11. Segment Information 
 reportable segments: 
 Vista - Consists of the operations of our VistaPrint branded websites in North America, Western Europe, Australia, New Zealand, India, and Singapore. This business also includes our 99designs by Vista business, which provides graphic design services, VistaCreate for do-it-yourself (DIY) design, our Vista x Wix partnership for small business websites, and our Vista Corporate Solutions business, which serves medium-sized businesses and large corporations. 
 PrintBrothers - Includes the results of druck.at, Printdeal, and WIRmachenDRUCK, a group of Upload Print businesses that serve graphic professionals throughout Europe, primarily in Austria, Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland. 
 18 

19 

PrintBrothers 
 The Print Group 
 National Pen 
 All Other Businesses 
 Total segment revenue 
 Inter-segment eliminations (2) 
 ) ) Total consolidated revenue 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to the discussion above for further details. 
 (2) Refer to the "Revenue by Geographic Region" tables below for detail of the inter-segment revenue within each respective segment. 
 
 Europe Other Inter-segment Total segment revenue Less: inter-segment elimination ) ) ) ) ) ) Total external revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Vista PrintBrothers The Print Group National Pen All Other Total Revenue by Geographic Region: North America Europe Other Inter-segment (1) Total segment revenue (1) Less: inter-segment elimination (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total external revenue 
 _____________________ 

20 

PrintBrothers 
 The Print Group 
 National Pen 
 ) ) All Other Businesses 
 Inter-segment elimination 
 ) ) Total segment EBITDA Central and corporate costs ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Restructuring-related charges ) Certain impairments and other adjustments ) Total income from operations 
 Other (expense) income, net ) Interest expense, net ) ) Gain on early extinguishment of debt (Loss) income before income taxes 
 ) _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to the discussion above for further details. 
 PrintBrothers The Print Group National Pen All Other Businesses Central and corporate costs Total depreciation and amortization 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Purchases of property, plant and equipment: Vista PrintBrothers The Print Group National Pen All Other Businesses Central and corporate costs Total purchases of property, plant and equipment 
 21 

PrintBrothers The Print Group National Pen All Other Businesses Central and corporate costs Total capitalization of software and website development costs 
 Switzerland Netherlands Canada Italy Germany France Australia Jamaica 
 Other Total 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Excludes goodwill of and , intangible assets, net of and , deferred tax assets of and , and equity method investments of and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 12. Commitments and Contingencies 
 and , respectively. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 At September 30, 2024, we had unrecorded commitments under contract of , including inventory, third-party fulfillment and digital service purchase commitments of ; third-party cloud services of ; software of ; production-related temporary labor of 10,278; insurance costs of 9,595; production and computer equipment purchases of ; professional and consulting fees of ; advertising of ; and other unrecorded purchase commitments of . 
 22 

23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this Report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including but not limited to our statements about the anticipated growth and development of our businesses and financial results, the impact of interest rate and currency fluctuations, future payment terms with suppliers, legal proceedings, indefinitely reinvested earnings, unrecognized tax benefits, our effective tax rate, and sufficiency of our tax reserves. Without limiting the foregoing, the words may, should, could, expect, plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, designed, potential, continue, target, seek, "will" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are based on information available to us up to, and including the date of this document, and we disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including but not limited to flaws in the assumptions and judgments upon which our forecasts and estimates are based; the development, severity, and duration of supply chain constraints and heightened inflation; our inability to make investments in our business and allocate our capital as planned or the failure of those investments and allocations to achieve the results we expect; costs and disruptions caused by acquisitions and minority investments; the failure of businesses we acquire or invest in to perform as expected; loss of key personnel or our inability to recruit talented personnel; our failure to develop and deploy our mass customization platform or the failure of the mass customization platform to drive the performance, efficiencies and competitive advantage we expect; unanticipated changes in our markets, customers, or businesses; disruptions caused by political instability and war in Ukraine, Israel, the Middle East or elsewhere; changes in the laws and regulations, or in the interpretation of laws and regulations, that affect our businesses; our failure to manage the growth and complexity of our business; our failure to maintain compliance with the covenants in our debt documents or to pay our debts when due; competitive pressures; general economic conditions; and other factors described in Item 1A (Risk Factors) of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2024 fiscal year and subsequent documents we periodically file with the SEC. 
 Executive Overview 
 Cimpress is a strategically focused collection of businesses that specialize in print mass customization, through which we deliver large volumes of individually small-sized customized orders of printed materials and related products. Our products and services include a broad range of marketing materials, business cards, signage, promotional products, logo apparel, packaging, books and magazines, wall decor, photo merchandise, invitations and announcements, design and digital marketing services, and other categories. Mass customization is a core element of the business model of each Cimpress business and is a competitive strategy which seeks to produce goods and services to meet individual customer needs with near mass production efficiency. We discuss mass customization further in the Business section of this Report. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have numerous operating segments under our management reporting structure that are reported in the following five reportable segments: Vista, PrintBrothers, The Print Group, National Pen, and All Other Businesses. 
 For purposes of measuring and reporting our segment financial performance, we implemented changes to the methodology used for inter-segment transactions during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. These transactions are when one Cimpress business chooses to buy from or sell to another Cimpress business. We have recast the prior period presented for segment revenue and segment EBITDA to ensure comparability with the current fiscal year. These changes in methodology have no impact on our consolidated financial results. Refer to Note 11 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Financial Summary 
 The primary financial metric by which we set quarterly and annual budgets both for individual businesses and Cimpress wide is our adjusted free cash flow before net cash interest payments; however, in evaluating the financial condition and operating performance of our business, management considers a number of metrics including revenue growth, organic constant-currency revenue growth, operating income, adjusted EBITDA, cash flow from operations, and adjusted free cash flow. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures are included within the "Consolidated Results of Operations" and "Additional Non-GAAP Financial Measures" sections of 
 24 

Management's Discussion and Analysis. A summary of these key financial metrics for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 follows: 
 Revenue increased by 6 to 805.0 million. 
 Organic constant-currency revenue growth (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 6 . 
 Operating income increased by 5.2 million to 39.3 million. 
 Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) decreased by 1.0 million to 87.8 million. 
 Diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Cimpress plc was a loss of (0.50) compared to income of 0.17 in the prior year period. 
 Cash provided by operating activities decreased by 37.9 million to 4.4 million. 
 Adjusted free cash flow (a non-GAAP financial measure) decreased by 36.5 million to a use of cash of 25.6 million. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in reported revenue was driven by revenue growth across all of our segments. Revenue growth in our Vista business was driven by customer experience improvements and new product introductions that have supported continued increases in average order value and customer count. 
 The increase to operating income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a 23.7 million increase to gross profit that benefited from the revenue growth described above. The increase to gross profit was offset in part by higher advertising spend of 6.3 million which was largely driven by higher mid- and upper-funnel advertising spend in our Vista business. In addition, operating expenses increased as compared to the prior year, due in part to higher cash compensation costs driven by the timing of our annual merit cycle, and increases in share-based compensation expense. These operating expense increases were offset in part by 4.7 million of lower amortization of acquired intangible assets due to the runoff of fully amortized assets across several of our previously acquired businesses. 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased year over year by 1.0 million, which included negative year-over-year currency impacts of 0.9 million. Excluding the effect of currency, adjusted EBITDA decreased slightly versus the prior period. Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization, restructuring charges, share-based compensation expense, earn-out related charges, certain impairments and other charges, gains or losses on the purchase or sale of subsidiaries and the disposal of assets, and includes proceeds from insurance not already included in operating income as well as the realized gains or losses on our currency derivatives intended to hedge adjusted EBITDA. 
 Diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Cimpress plc decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the net negative currency impacts of 15.2 million year over year, primarily due to unrealized currency losses caused by exchange rate volatility and lower realized gains on our derivative contracts. We also recognized 2.2 million of higher interest expense, net, primarily due to the impact of changes in our estimated redemption amount of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests, which has resulted in 2.7 million of higher interest expense, net, year over year. Additionally, we recognized 1.2 million of lower gains on extinguishment of debt driven by the prior year purchase of a portion of our previously outstanding 2026 Notes. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , cash from operations decreased 37.9 million year over year primarily driven by unfavorable changes in working capital due to timing items, as well as higher cash interest of 10.6 million driven by the earlier interest payment associated with the redemption of our previously outstanding 2026 Notes. For additional details regarding the refinancing of our 2026 Notes, refer to Note 8 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Adjusted free cash flow decreased by 36.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to the operating cash flow decrease described above, as well as 4.1 million of lower proceeds from the sale of assets, primarily driven by the sale of our previously owned manufacturing facility in Japan in the prior period. These decreases were partially offset by lower capitalized expenditures year-over-year of 5.6 million, primarily due to the timing of cash payments on asset purchases. 
 25 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Revenue 
 Our businesses generate revenue primarily from the sale and shipment of customized products. We also generate revenue, to a much lesser extent (and primarily in our Vista business), from digital services, graphic design services, website design and hosting, and social media marketing services, as well as a small percentage of revenue from order referral fees and other third-party offerings. For additional discussion relating to segment revenue results, refer to the "Reportable Segment Results" section included below. 
 Total revenue and revenue growth by reportable segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are shown in the following table: 
 In thousands Three Months Ended September 30, Currency Impact: Constant- Currency Impact of Acquisitions/Divestitures: Constant- Currency Revenue Growth 2024 2023 (1) 
 Change (Favorable)/Unfavorable Revenue Growth (2) 
 (Favorable)/Unfavorable Excluding Acquisitions/Divestitures (3) 
 Vista 
 429,494 396,850 8 8 8 PrintBrothers 
 160,415 152,573 5 (1) 4 4 The Print Group 
 84,072 79,437 6 (2) 4 4 National Pen 
 93,404 86,796 8 (1) 7 7 All Other Businesses 
 57,143 51,425 11 2 13 13 Inter-segment eliminations 
 (19,559) (9,787) Total revenue 804,969 757,294 6 6 6 
 _________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 (2) Constant-currency revenue growth, a non-GAAP financial measure, represents the change in total revenue between current and prior year periods at constant-currency exchange rates by translating all non-U.S. dollar denominated revenue generated in the current period using the prior year period s average exchange rate for each currency to the U.S. dollar. Our reportable segments-related growth is inclusive of inter-segment revenues, which are eliminated in our consolidated results. 
 (3) Constant-currency revenue growth excluding acquisitions/divestitures, a non-GAAP financial measure, excludes revenue results for businesses in the period in which there is no comparable year-over-year revenue. Our reportable segments-related growth is inclusive of inter-segment revenues, which are eliminated in our consolidated results. 
 We have provided these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe they provide meaningful information regarding our results on a consistent and comparable basis for the periods presented. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP financial measures, to evaluate our operating results. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplemental to and not a substitute for our reported financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue includes materials used by our businesses to manufacture their products, payroll and related expenses for production and design services personnel, depreciation of assets used in the production process and in support of digital marketing service offerings, shipping, handling and processing costs, third-party production and design costs, costs of free products, and other related costs of products our businesses sell. 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 422,736 398,783 of revenue 52.5 52.7 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, cost of revenue increased by 24.0 million year over year, partially driven by higher production and shipping costs due to volume growth as well as increases in third-party fulfillment costs in some of our businesses, primarily due to product mix shifts toward faster growing product categories, some of which leverage our large fulfillment network. 
 26 

Consolidated Operating Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our comparative operating expenses for the following periods: 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Technology and development expense 81,861 74,330 of revenue 10.2 9.8 Marketing and selling expense 203,847 192,188 of revenue 25.3 25.4 General and administrative expense 51,932 48,341 of revenue 6.5 6.4 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 5,155 9,886 of revenue 0.6 1.3 Restructuring expense 
 99 (334) of revenue 0.0 0.0 
 Technology and development expense 
 Technology and development expense consists primarily of payroll and related expenses for employees engaged in software and manufacturing engineering, information technology operations, and content development, as well as amortization of capitalized software and website development costs, including hosting of our websites, asset depreciation, patent amortization, and other technology infrastructure-related costs. Depreciation expense for information technology equipment that directly supports the delivery of our digital marketing services products is included in cost of revenue. 
 Technology and development expense increased by 7.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year. The year-over-year increase was driven in part by 1.8 million of higher third-party technology costs driven partly by our businesses' further adoption of certain products offered through our mass customization platform, as well as increased business volumes, which has collectively increased consumption of those services. There were also 1.8 million of higher cash compensation costs in the current quarter, resulting in part from our annual merit cycle and market adjustments and higher share-based compensation costs of 0.9 million. Amortization of capitalized software also increased 1.2 million as compared to the prior year, due to an increase in the capitalized asset base driven by continued investment in technology capabilities mainly in our Vista business and central technology teams. 
 Marketing and selling expense 
 Marketing and selling expense consists primarily of advertising and promotional costs; payroll and related expenses for our employees engaged in marketing, sales, customer support, and public relations activities; direct-mail advertising costs; and third-party payment processing fees. Our Vista, National Pen, and BuildASign businesses have higher marketing and selling costs as a percentage of revenue as compared to our PrintBrothers and The Print Group businesses due to differences in the customers that they serve. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, marketing and selling expenses increased by 11.7 million, partly due to higher advertising spend of 6.3 million as compared to the prior year, largely driven by increases in mid- and upper-funnel spend in our Vista business. These increases were driven in part by the non-recurrence of temporarily stopping activity in these channels to test their performance that reduced spend in the prior year. Cash compensation costs increased by 4.4 million driven by our annual merit cycle, as well as hiring in our Vista business. 
 General and administrative expense 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of transaction costs, including third-party professional fees, insurance, and payroll and related expenses of employees involved in executive management, finance, legal, strategy, human resources, and procurement. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 3.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year. The increase in general and administrative expenses were driven by higher compensation costs, which included 2.7 million of higher share-based compensation expense, driven by the 
 27 

accelerated expense profile of our performance share units, as well as 0.6 million of higher cash compensation costs which was impacted by our annual merit cycle. 
 Other Consolidated Results 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net generally consists of gains and losses from currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions or balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries, as well as the realized and unrealized gains and losses on some of our derivative instruments. In evaluating our currency hedging programs and ability to qualify for hedge accounting in light of our legal entity cash flows, we considered the benefits of hedge accounting relative to the additional economic cost of trade execution and administrative burden. Based on this analysis, we execute certain currency derivative contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting. 
 The following table summarizes the components of other (expense) income, net: 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Losses) gains on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 (20,569) 8,312 Currency-related gains (losses), net 
 8,667 (2,699) Other gains 
 410 806 Total other (expense) income, net 
 (11,492) 6,419 
 The decrease in other (expense) income, net was primarily due to the currency exchange rate volatility impacting our derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments, of which our Euro and British Pound contracts are the most significant exposures that we economically hedge. We expect volatility to continue in future periods, as we do not apply hedge accounting for most of our derivative currency contracts. 
 We experience currency-related net gains and losses due to currency exchange rate volatility on our non-functional currency intercompany relationships, which we may alter from time to time. Losses on the revaluation of non-functional currency debt are included in our currency-related gains (losses), net, offsetting the impact of certain non-functional currency intercompany relationships. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net primarily consists of interest paid on outstanding debt balances, amortization of debt issuance costs, debt discounts, interest related to finance lease obligations, accretion adjustments related to our mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests, and realized gains (losses) on effective interest rate swap contracts and certain cross-currency swap contracts. 
 Interest expense, net increased 2.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the impact of changes in our estimated redemption amount of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests, which has resulted in 2.7 million of higher interest expense, net, year over year. This was partially offset by a year-over-year decrease to our weighted average interest rate (net of interest rate swaps) on our senior secured Term Loan B due in part to our repricing in May 2024 as well as less interest expense associated with our 2026 Notes driven by the prior-year purchase of a portion of those notes. 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.2 million of gains on the extinguishment of debt primarily due to the net write-off of unamortized debt premium and financing fees associated with the refinancing of our 2026 Notes. Refer to Note 8 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. The prior period includes gains of 1.4 million arising from the purchase of a portion of our previously outstanding 2026 Notes. 
 28 

Income tax expense 
 In thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Income tax expense 8,995 8,122 Effective tax rate (265.4) 64.0 
 Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased versus the prior comparative period due to various immaterial discrete items in both periods and an increased full-year forecasted effective tax rate, excluding loss entities with no tax benefit. 
 
 We believe that our income tax reserves are adequately maintained by taking into consideration both the technical merits of our tax return positions and ongoing developments in our income tax audits. However, the final determination of our tax return positions, if audited, is uncertain, and therefore there is a possibility that final resolution of these matters could have a material impact on our results of operations or cash flows. Refer to Note 9 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Reportable Segment Results 
 Our segment financial performance is measured based on segment EBITDA, which is defined as operating income plus depreciation and amortization; plus proceeds from insurance not already included in operating income; plus share-based compensation expense related to investment consideration; plus earn-out related charges; plus certain impairments and other adjustments; plus restructuring related charges; less gain or loss on the purchase or sale of subsidiaries as well as the disposal of assets. The effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations impact segment EBITDA and we do not allocate to segment EBITDA any gains or losses that are realized by our currency hedging program. 
 For purposes of measuring and reporting our segment financial performance, we implemented changes to the methodology used for inter-segment transactions during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. These transactions are when one Cimpress business chooses to buy from or sell to another Cimpress business. We have recast the prior period presented for segment revenue and segment EBITDA to ensure comparability with the current fiscal year. These changes in methodology have no impact on our consolidated financial results. Refer to Note 11 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Vista 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 vs. 2023 Reported Revenue 
 429,494 396,850 8 Segment EBITDA 
 76,847 78,578 (2) of revenue 18 20 _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Segment Revenue 
 Vista's reported and constant-currency revenue growth for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8 . The revenue growth was driven by customer experience improvements and new product introductions that have supported continued increases in average order value and customer count. 
 Segment Profitability 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, segment EBITDA decreased by 1.7 million due to 7.2 million of increased advertising expenses driven in part by the non-recurrence of advertising tests in certain markets, which reduced spend in the prior year. Additionally, operating expenses were higher year over year due to our annual merit cycle. These increased expenses were partially offset by the benefit of revenue growth described above, which resulted in year-over-year gross profit growth of 12.4 million. Gross profit margin for this segment declined year over year as the profit impact of revenue growth was muted by product mix shifts. Segment EBITDA also benefited in the prior period from a 1.8 million item that helped gross profit and did not recur in the current 
 29 

period. Changes in currency exchange rates had a positive impact on segment EBITDA of 1.5 million as compared to the prior-year period. 
 PrintBrothers 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 vs. 2023 Reported Revenue 
 160,415 152,573 5 Segment EBITDA 
 20,156 20,210 of revenue 13 13 _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Segment Revenue 
 PrintBrothers' reported revenue growth for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was positively affected by currency impacts of 1 with revenue increasing on an organic constant-currency basis by 4 year over year. Constant-currency growth was driven primarily by continued order volume and customer growth, partially offset by customers purchasing lower quantities in certain product categories. 
 Segment Profitability 
 PrintBrothers' segment EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was flat year over year. The constant-currency revenue growth described above and product mix shifts that supported higher gross margins, both contributed to gross profit growth which benefited segment EBITDA. Additionally, currency exchange fluctuations favorably impacted segment EBITDA by 0.3 million year over year. Gross profit growth and currency favorability were offset by higher advertising spend of 1.4 million driven by one of the segment's businesses testing into new digital marketing channels, as well as higher variable long-term incentive compensation expense of 0.5 million, due to a non-recurring reduction of expense in the prior-year period driven by changes in estimated payouts. 
 The Print Group 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 vs. 2023 Reported Revenue 
 84,072 79,437 6 Segment EBITDA 
 17,902 12,507 43 of revenue 21 16 _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Segment Revenue 
 The Print Group's reported revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was positively affected by currency impacts of 2 , which resulted in organic constant-currency revenue growth of 4 . The Print Group revenue has benefited from order growth from external customers as well as increased fulfillment to other Cimpress businesses. 
 Segment Profitability 
 The increase in The Print Group's segment EBITDA during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year was largely driven by revenue growth described above and gross margin expansion due to reductions in key input costs such as raw materials. There was also a year-over-year reduction in variable long-term incentive compensation expense of 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to changes in estimated payouts, as well as lower advertising spend year over year of 0.4 million. Currency exchange fluctuations positively impacted segment EBITDA year over year by 0.3 million. 
 30 

National Pen 
 In thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 vs. 2023 Reported Revenue 
 93,404 86,796 8 Segment EBITDA 
 (4,758) (8,762) 46 of revenue (5) (10) _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Segment Revenue 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, currency positively impacted National Pen's revenue growth by 1 . The segment's constant-currency revenue growth was 7 as compared to the prior year. National Pen continued to deliver strong growth within its e-commerce channel and fulfillment for other Cimpress businesses. 
 Segment Profitability 
 The increase in National Pen's segment EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by the revenue growth described above, higher gross margins, and 2.4 million of lower advertising spend intended to improve returns and efficiency. Currency exchange fluctuations had a positive year-over-year impact of 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 All Other Businesses 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (1) 
 2024 vs. 2023 Reported Revenue 
 57,143 51,425 11 Segment EBITDA 
 6,735 6,018 12 of revenue 12 12 _____________________ 
 (1) The prior period segment results have been adjusted to ensure comparability with the new methodology used for inter-segment transactions. Refer to Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 This segment includes BuildASign and Printi, a smaller business that is an online printing leader in Brazil. 
 Segment Revenue 
 All Other Businesses' revenue growth was negatively impacted 2 by currency, resulting in constant-currency revenue growth of 13 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. BuildASign, the largest business in this segment, delivered strong growth from fulfillment for other Cimpress businesses, as well as growth in their signage products, which was partially offset by lower revenue for real estate-related and home decor products. Our smaller Printi business delivered constant-currency revenue growth versus last year. 
 Segment Profitability 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, segment EBITDA increased 0.7 million versus last year, largely driven by increased gross profit that was supported by the revenue growth described above. These increases were offset by higher long-term incentive compensation expense of 1.1 million due to a prior period reversal of expense driven by changes in estimated payouts year over year that was a benefit in the prior period and did not recur during the current period. Our Printi business delivered positive segment EBITDA results as it continues to gain scale and deliver efficiencies. 
 Central and Corporate Costs 
 Central and corporate costs consist primarily of the team of software engineers that is building our mass customization platform; shared service organizations such as global procurement; technology services such as security; administrative costs of our Cimpress India offices where numerous Cimpress businesses have dedicated business-specific team members; and corporate functions including our tax, treasury, internal audit, legal, 
 31 

sustainability, corporate communications, remote first enablement, consolidated reporting and compliance, investor relations, and the functions of our CEO and CFO. These costs also include certain unallocated share-based compensation costs. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, central and corporate costs increased by 5.2 million as compared to the prior year, due in part to higher share-based compensation expense of 2.4 million. Cash compensation also increased by 1.5 million year over year, largely due to the timing of our annual merit cycle. In addition, third party technology costs increased, as a result of continued adoption and usage of mass customization platform products that are developed by our central technology teams. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data 
 In thousands 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,384 42,254 Net cash used in investing activities (25,502) (10,826) Net cash used in financing activities (35,416) (35,065) 
 The cash flows during the three months ended September 30, 2024 related primarily to the following items: 
 Cash inflows: 
 Adjustments for non-cash items of 63.2 million primarily related to adjustments for depreciation and amortization of 35.5 million, share-based compensation costs of 15.6 million, partially offset by deferred taxes of 3.0 million and unrealized currency-related gains of 8.0 million 
 Proceeds from the maturity of held-to-maturity securities of 4.5 million 
 Cash tax refunds, net of payments, of 1.8 million were driven by tax refunds received in two jurisdictions. The impact of the cash tax refunds, net of payments, is included as a benefit in the net working capital outflow described below 
 Proceeds from the sale of assets of 1.6 million 
 Proceeds from the exercise of options for 1.0 million 
 Cash outflows: 
 Net loss of 12.4 million 
 Net working capital outflow of 46.4 million, primarily due to unfavorable changes to accounts payable and purchases of inventory in preparation for our peak season, as well as higher cash interest payments made this quarter as a result of the early redemption of our 2026 Notes. Refer to Note 8 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding the refinancing 
 Capital expenditures of 17.0 million, of which the majority related to the purchase of manufacturing and automation equipment for our production facilities 
 Internal and external costs of 14.6 million for software and website development that we have capitalized 
 Payment of withholding taxes in connection with share awards of 12.9 million, primarily driven by the vesting of restricted share unit and performance share unit grants 
 Purchases of our ordinary shares for 10.6 million 
 Net payments of 5.6 million associated with the refinancing of our 2026 Notes and amendment to our revolving credit facility, including financing fees paid. Refer to Note 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 32 

Payments for finance lease arrangements of 2.0 million 
 Repayments of other debt, net of proceeds from borrowings, of 4.5 million 
 Additional Liquidity and Capital Resources Information. At September 30, 2024, we had 153.0 million of cash and cash equivalents and 1,617.5 million of debt, excluding debt issuance costs and debt premiums and discounts. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we financed our operations and strategic investments through internally generated cash flows from operations and cash on hand. We expect to finance our future operations through our cash, operating cash flow, and borrowings under our debt arrangements. 
 We have historically used excess cash and cash equivalents for organic investments, share repurchases, acquisitions and equity investments, and debt reduction. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased and retired 123,325 of our ordinary shares for 10.6 million. We evaluate share repurchases, as any other use of capital, relative to our view of the impact on our intrinsic value per share compared against other opportunities. 
 Supply Chain Financing Program. As part of our ongoing efforts to manage our liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes the extension of payment terms. We facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program through a financial intermediary to allow our suppliers to receive funds earlier than our contractual payment date. We do not believe there is a substantial risk that our payment terms will be shortened in the near future. Refer to Note 12 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Indefinitely Reinvested Earnings. As of September 30, 2024, a portion of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our subsidiaries, and undistributed earnings of our subsidiaries that are considered to be indefinitely reinvested were 81.3 million. We do not intend to repatriate these funds as the cash and cash equivalent balances are generally used and available, without legal restrictions, to fund ordinary business operations and investments of the respective subsidiaries. If there is a change in the future, the repatriation of undistributed earnings from certain subsidiaries, in the form of dividends or otherwise, could have tax consequences that could result in material cash outflows. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Contractual obligations at September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 In thousands Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Operating leases, net of subleases (1) 98,491 23,491 33,869 20,429 20,702 Purchase commitments 231,826 170,378 31,542 22,882 7,024 Senior secured credit facility and interest payments (2) 1,362,007 89,831 172,322 1,099,854 2032 Notes and interest payments 833,568 37,536 77,438 77,438 641,156 Other debt 8,577 4,146 4,431 Finance leases, net of subleases (1) 39,661 9,076 12,086 6,083 12,416 Total (3) 2,574,130 334,458 331,688 1,226,686 681,298 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Operating and finance lease payments above include only amounts which are fixed under lease agreements. Our leases may also incur variable expenses which are not reflected in the contractual obligations above. 
 (2) Interest payments are based on the interest rate as of September 30, 2024 and assume all Term SOFR-based revolving loan amounts outstanding will not be paid until maturity but that the term loan amortization payments will be made according to our defined schedule. Senior secured credit facility and interest payments include the effects of interest rate swaps, whether they are expected to be payments or receipts of cash. 
 (3) We may be required to make cash outlays related to our uncertain tax positions. However, due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with our uncertain tax positions, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. Accordingly, uncertain tax positions of 9.2 million as of September 30, 2024 have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. See Note 9 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on uncertain tax positions. 
 33 

Operating Leases . We rent manufacturing facilities and office space under operating leases expiring on various dates through 2037. The terms of certain lease agreements require security deposits in the form of bank guarantees and letters of credit, with 2.9 million in the aggregate outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Purchase Commitments. At September 30, 2024, we had unrecorded commitments under contract of 231.8 million. Purchase commitments consisted of third-party fulfillment and digital services of 94.6 million; third-party cloud services of 46.1 million; software of 35.8 million; production-related temporary labor of 10.3 million; insurance costs of 9.6 million; production and computer equipment purchases of 9.4 million; professional and consulting fees of 7.0 million; advertising of 2.0 million; and other commitments of 17.1 million. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility and Interest Payments. On September 26, 2024, we entered into an amendment to our Restated Credit Agreement to extend the maturity date of our senior secured revolving credit facility to September 26, 2029 and reduced the minimum credit spread on borrowing and the minimum commitment fee on unused balances, depending on our first lien leverage ratio. Our 250.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility has 238.0 million unused as of September 30, 2024. There are no drawn amounts on the revolving credit facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have borrowings under our Restated Credit Agreement of 1,083.9 million, consisting of the Term Loan B, which amortizes over the loan period, with a final maturity date of May 17, 2028. 
 2032 Senior Notes and Interest Payments. On September 26, 2024, we completed a private placement of 525.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes"). We used the net proceeds from the 2032 Notes, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the outstanding 2026 Notes, and pay associated accrued interest and all related financing fees. Our 525.0 million 2032 Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.375 per annum and mature on September 15, 2032. Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year. Refer to Note 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Debt Covenants. The Restated Credit Agreement and the indenture that governs our 2032 Notes contain covenants that restrict or limit certain activities and transactions by Cimpress and our subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants under our Restated Credit Agreement and the indenture governing our 2032 Notes. Refer to Note 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Other Debt. In addition, we have other debt which consists primarily of term loans acquired through our various acquisitions or used to fund certain capital investments. As of September 30, 2024, we had 8.6 million outstanding for those obligations that have repayments due on various dates through September 2027. 
 Finance Leases. We lease certain facilities, machinery, and plant equipment under finance lease agreements that expire at various dates through 2037. The aggregate carrying value of the leased assets under finance leases included in property, plant and equipment, net in our consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 is 30.1 million, net of accumulated depreciation of 31.7 million. The present value of lease installments not yet due included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 amounts to 35.3 million. 
 Additional Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow presented below, and constant-currency revenue growth and constant-currency revenue growth excluding acquisitions/divestitures presented in the consolidated results of operations section above, are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. We do not, nor do we suggest, that investors should consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as GAAP operating income (loss) plus depreciation and amortization plus share-based compensation expense plus proceeds from insurance not already included in operating income plus earn-out related charges plus certain impairments plus restructuring related charges plus realized gains or losses on currency derivatives less the gain or loss on purchase or sale of subsidiaries as well as the disposal of assets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is the primary profitability metric by which we measure our consolidated financial performance and is provided to enhance investors' understanding of our current operating results from the 
 34 

underlying and ongoing business for the same reasons it is used by management. For example, for acquisitions, we believe excluding the costs related to the purchase of a business (such as amortization of acquired intangible assets, contingent consideration, or impairment of goodwill) provides further insight into the performance of the underlying acquired business in addition to that provided by our GAAP operating income. As another example, as we do not apply hedge accounting for certain derivative contracts, we believe inclusion of realized gains and losses on these contracts that are intended to be matched against operational currency fluctuations provides further insight into our operating performance in addition to that provided by our GAAP operating income. 
 Adjusted free cash flow is the primary financial metric by which we set quarterly and annual budgets both for individual businesses and Cimpress-wide. During the current fiscal year, we revised our adjusted free cash flow definition to include proceeds from the sale of assets, which we believe provides useful information regarding the net cash deployed for the purchase of capital assets by incorporating any cash that is recovered from the subsequent sale of any assets. We have revised all periods presented to incorporate this change. 
 Adjusted free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property, plant and equipment, purchases of intangible assets not related to acquisitions, and capitalization of software and website development costs that are included in net cash used in investing activities, plus the proceeds from sale of assets, payment of contingent consideration in excess of acquisition-date fair value, and gains on proceeds from insurance that are included in net cash provided by operating activities, if any. We use this cash flow metric because we believe that this methodology can provide useful supplemental information to help investors better understand our ability to generate cash flow after considering certain investments required to maintain or grow our business, as well as eliminate the impact of certain cash flow items presented as operating cash flows that we do not believe reflect the cash flow generated by the underlying business. 
 Our adjusted free cash flow measure has limitations as it may omit certain components of the overall cash flow statement and does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, adjusted free cash flow does not incorporate our cash payments to reduce the principal portion of our debt or cash payments for business acquisitions. Additionally, the mix of property, plant and equipment purchases that we choose to finance may change over time. We believe it is important to view our adjusted free cash flow measure only as a complement to our entire consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 The table below sets forth operating income and adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 In thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 GAAP operating income 39,339 34,100 Exclude expense (benefit) impact of: 
 Depreciation and amortization 35,546 39,942 Share-based compensation expense 15,633 12,453 Certain impairments and other adjustments (614) 525 Restructuring-related charges 99 (334) Include (expense) benefit impact of: Realized (losses) gains on currency derivatives not included in operating income (1) 
 (2,232) 2,050 Adjusted EBITDA 87,771 88,736 
 _________________ 
 (1) These realized (losses) gains include only the impacts of certain currency derivative contracts that are intended to hedge our adjusted EBITDA exposure to foreign currencies for which we do not apply hedge accounting. Refer to Note 4 in our accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 35 

The table below sets forth net cash provided by operating activities and adjusted free cash flow for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 In thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,384 42,254 Purchases of property, plant and equipment (17,001) (22,565) Capitalization of software and website development costs (14,571) (14,397) Proceeds from the sale of assets 
 1,570 5,636 Adjusted free cash flow 
 (25,618) 10,928 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk. Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to our cash, cash equivalents, and debt. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents consisted of standard depository accounts, which are held for working capital purposes, money market funds, and marketable securities with an original maturity of less than 90 days. We do not believe we have a material exposure to interest rate fluctuations related to our cash and cash equivalents. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,083.9 million of variable-rate debt. As a result, we have exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates related to these obligations. In order to mitigate our exposure to interest rate changes related to our variable-rate debt, we execute interest rate swap contracts to fix the interest rate on a portion of our outstanding or forecasted long-term debt with varying maturities. As of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in rates, inclusive of the impact of our outstanding interest rate swaps that are accruing interest as of September 30, 2024, would result in a 8.6 million impact to interest expense over the next 12 months. This does not include any yield from cash and marketable securities. 
 Currency Exchange Rate Risk. We conduct business in multiple currencies through our worldwide operations but report our financial results in U.S. dollars. We manage these currency risks through normal operating activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We have policies governing the use of derivative instruments and do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The use of derivatives is intended to reduce, but does not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse currency exchange rate movements. A summary of our currency risk is as follows: 
 Translation of our non-U.S. dollar revenues and expenses: Revenue and related expenses generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar could result in higher or lower net loss when, upon consolidation, those transactions are translated to U.S. dollars. When the value or timing of revenue and expenses in a given currency are materially different, we may be exposed to significant impacts on our net loss and non-GAAP financial metrics, such as adjusted EBITDA. 
 Our currency hedging objectives are targeted at reducing volatility in our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent adjusted EBITDA in order to maintain stability on our incurrence-based debt covenants. Since adjusted EBITDA excludes non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization that are included in net loss, we may experience increased, not decreased, volatility in our GAAP results due to our hedging approach. Our most significant net currency exposures by volume are in the Euro and British Pound. 
 In addition, we elect to execute currency derivatives contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, we may experience volatility in our consolidated statements of operations due to (i) the impact of unrealized gains and losses reported in other (expense) income, net, on the mark-to-market of outstanding contracts and (ii) realized gains and losses recognized in other (expense) income, net, whereas the offsetting economic gains and losses are reported in the line item of the underlying activity, for example, revenue. 
 Translation of our non-U.S. dollar assets and liabilities : Each of our subsidiaries translates its assets and liabilities to U.S. dollars at current rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting gains and losses from translation are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheet. Fluctuations in exchange rates can materially impact the carrying value of our 
 36 

assets and liabilities. We have currency exposure arising from our net investments in foreign operations. We enter into currency derivatives to mitigate the impact of currency rate changes on certain net investments. 
 Remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities: Transaction gains and losses generated from remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary are included in other (expense) income, net, on the consolidated statements of operations. Certain of our subsidiaries hold intercompany loans denominated in a currency other than their functional currency. Due to the significance of these balances, the revaluation of intercompany loans can have a material impact on other (expense) income, net. We expect these impacts may be volatile in the future, although our largest intercompany loans do not have a U.S. dollar cash impact for the consolidated group because they are either: 1) U.S. dollar loans or 2) we elect to hedge certain non-U.S. dollar loans with cross-currency swaps and forward contracts. A hypothetical 10 change in currency exchange rates was applied to total net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies at the balance sheet dates to compute the impact these changes would have had on our (loss) income before income taxes in the near term. A hypothetical decrease in exchange rates of 10 against the functional currency of our subsidiaries would have resulted in a change of 11.2 million on our (loss) income before income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 On May 29, 2024, we announced that our Board had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 200.0 million aggregate purchase price (excluding any fees, commissions, or other expenses of such purchases) of Cimpress' issued and outstanding ordinary shares on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, or in one or more self tender offers. The Board did not set an expiration date for this new repurchase program, and we may suspend or discontinue our share repurchases at any time. 
 
 The following table outlines the repurchase of our ordinary shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024 under the program described above: 
 
 37 

Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 31,403 89.27 31,403 190.2 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 82,011 85.20 82,011 183.2 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 9,911 83.68 9,911 182.4 Total 123,325 86.12 123,325 182.4 

Item 6. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Exhibit No. Description 4.1 S enior Notes Indenture (including form of 7.375 senior notes due 2026), dated as of September 26, 2024, between Cimpress plc , certain subsidiaries of Cimpress plc as guarantors there to, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, is incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2024 
 10.1 Amend ment No. 3 date d as of September 26, 2024 to the Credit Agreement is incorporated by reference to our Cur rent Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2024 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), by Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), by Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 38 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 October 31, 2024 Cimpress plc 
 By: /s/ Sean E. Quinn Sean E. Quinn Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31193024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert S. Keane, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cimpress plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 s Robert S. Keane Robert S. Keane Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31293024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sean E. Quinn, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cimpress plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Sean E. Quinn Sean E. Quinn Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32193024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cimpress plc (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Robert S. Keane, Chief Executive Officer, and Sean E. Quinn, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Robert S. Keane Robert S. Keane Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Sean E. Quinn Sean E. Quinn Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cmpr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cmpr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cmpr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cmpr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cmpr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

