<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241010_10-Q_edgar_data_1718500_0001520138-24-000344.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4690156</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112516</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1061742</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>979783</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1066730</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1369708</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-24-000344.hdr.sgml : 20241010
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241010080034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-24-000344
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241010
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Axil Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001718500
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				474125218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41958
		FILM NUMBER:		241363851

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S. FREMONT AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 158
		CITY:			ALHAMBRA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-638-8883

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S. FREMONT AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 158
		CITY:			ALHAMBRA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reviv3 Procare Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-24-000344.txt : 20241010

10-Q
 1
 axil-20240831_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR PERIOD ENDING AUGUST 31, 2024

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The American LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of October 4, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s
common stock, 0.0001 par value, outstanding. 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 2 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 6 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 6 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 7 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 7 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 7 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 7 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 8 

Signatures 
 9 

- i - 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in particular
Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains certain
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking
statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events, including, but not limited to, any
statements regarding our assumptions about financial performance; the continuation of historical trends; the sufficiency of our cash balances
for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies on our results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations, including expected growth; and the economy in general or the future of the beauty
and hair care industry and the hearing protection and ear bud business, all of which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. 

There are a number of factors that could cause our actual results to
differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, many of which are outside of our control. They include: the impact of unstable
market and general economic conditions on our business, financial condition and stock price, including inflationary cost pressures, interest
rate changes, decreased discretionary consumer spending, supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor shortages, ongoing economic disruption,
the possibility of an economic recession and other macroeconomic factors, geopolitical events and uncertainty, including the effects of
the Ukraine-Russia conflict and the Israel-Hamas conflict, and other downturns in the business cycle or the economy; our financial performance
and liquidity, including our ability to successfully generate sufficient revenue to support our operations; our expectations regarding
our financing arrangements and our ability to obtain additional capital if and as needed, including potential difficulties of obtaining
financing due to market conditions resulting from geopolitical conditions and other economic factors; risks related to our operations
and international markets, such as fluctuations in currency exchange rates, different regulatory environments, trade barriers and sanctions,
exchange controls, and social and political instability; changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate, including environmental,
health and safety regulations, including those related to climate change; our ability to protect and defend our intellectual property;
continuity and security of information technology infrastructure and the potential impact of cybersecurity breaches or disruptions to
our management information systems; widespread outages, interruptions or other failures of operational, communication, and other systems;
competition; our ability to retain our management and employees and the potential impact of ongoing labor shortages; demands on management
resources; availability and cost of the raw materials we use to manufacture our products, including the impacts of inflationary cost pressures
and ongoing supply chain disruptions and constraints, which have been, and may continue to be, exacerbated by the Russia-Ukraine conflict,
the Israel-Hamas conflict and other geopolitical conflicts; additional tax expenses or exposures; product liability claims; the potential
outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings, including ongoing litigation, the disposition of which may have an adverse effect upon
our business, financial condition, or results of operations; our ability to engage in acquisitions, investments, partnerships, strategic
alliances or dispositions when desired; global or regional catastrophic events, including the effects of natural disasters, which may
be worsened by the impact of climate change; effectiveness of our marketing strategy, demand for and market acceptance of our products,
as well as our ability to successfully anticipate consumer trends; labor relations; the potential impact of environmental, social and
governance matters; implementation of environmental remediation matters; our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting; and risks related to our common stock, including our ability to maintain our stock exchange listing. 

When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and other reports, statements, and information we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), in our
press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, in oral statements made by or with the approval of an executive officer,
the words or phrases believes, may, can, will, expect, should, 
 could, would, continue, anticipate, intend, likely, 
 estimate, project, plan, design, potential, focus 
or similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. However, any statements contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Furthermore,
such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We caution that these statements by their
nature involve risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results may differ materially depending on
a variety of important factors. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance and involve risks, uncertainties,
estimates and assumptions that are difficult to predict. 

We do not assume the obligation to update any
forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law. You should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors described
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, AXIL Brands, Inc. AXIL Brands, Inc., AXIL
Brands, the Company, we, us, and our has identified material factors that
could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify
all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete list of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

- ii - 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST 31, 2024 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and May 31, 2024 
 F-1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - For the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - For the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-4 

Condensed Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 

- 1 - 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 2024 
 May 31, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right of use asset 

Deferred tax asset 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Contract liabilities- current 

Notes payable 

Due to related party 

Lease liability, current 

Income tax liability 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES: 

Contract liabilities- long term 

Total Long Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued, issuable and outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 1 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND
2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

2024 
 2023 

Sales, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Sales and marketing 

Compensation and related taxes 

Professional and consulting 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Other income 

Interest income 

Interest expense and other finance charges 
 - 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 2 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND
2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024 

Common Stock 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Issued/Issuable 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, May 31, 2024 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Preferred Stock converted to Common Stock 

- 
 - 

Net loss for the three months ended August 31, 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

For the three months ended August 31, 2023 

Common Stock 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Issued And Issuable 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, May 31, 2023 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income for the three months ended August 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND
2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

August 31, 

2024 
 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debts 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of equipment financing 
 - 

Repayment of note payable 

Advances (payments) from a related party 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH - Beginning of period 

CASH - End of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 
 - 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST 31, 2024 

as approved by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the total number
of shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue and any fractional shares remaining after the Reverse Stock Split were
rounded up to the nearest whole share. The accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements
give retroactive effect to the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented, unless otherwise specified. 

during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and have cash provided by operations of for
the three months ended August 31, 2024. We had an accumulated deficit of as of August 31, 2024 and have incurred operating losses
and cash used in operations in the past. We currently expect to earn net income and positive cash flows from operations during the current
fiscal year ending May 31, 2025. We believe our current cash balances, coupled with anticipated cash flow from operating activities, will
be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements. We intend to continue to control our cash expenses as a percentage of expected revenue on an annual basis and thus
may use our cash balances in the short-term to invest in revenue growth. As a result of the acquisition of A A s assets in June
2022, we have generated and expect we will continue to generate sufficient cash for our operational needs, including any required debt
payments, for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. Management
is focused on growing the Company s existing products, introducing new products, as well as expanding its customer base, to increase
its revenues. The Company cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit its cash consumption and thus, maintain
sufficient cash balances for its planned operations or future acquisitions. Future business demands, may lead to cash utilization at levels
greater than recently experienced. The Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be able to raise additional capital or obtain
necessary financing on acceptable terms, or at all. Subject to the foregoing, management believes that the Company has sufficient capital
and liquidity to fund its operations for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements. 

Accounts receivables comprise of receivables
from customers and receivables from merchant processors. The Company has a policy of providing an allowance for doubtful accounts based
on its best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in its existing accounts receivable. The Company periodically reviews
its accounts receivable to determine whether an allowance is necessary based on an analysis of past due accounts and other factors that
may indicate that the realization of an account may be in doubt. Account balances deemed to be uncollectible are charged to bad debt
expense and included in the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 

The Company sells a variety of electronic hearing
and enhancement products and hair and skin care products. The Company recognizes revenue for the agreed upon sales price when a purchase
order is received from the customer and subsequently the product is shipped to the customer, which satisfies the performance obligation.
Consideration paid to the customer to promote and sell the Company s products is typically recorded as a reduction in revenues. 

The five steps for the revenue recognition
are as follows: 

Identify the contract with a customer. The
Company generally considers completion of a sales order (which requires customer acceptance of the Company s click-through terms
and conditions for website sales and authorization of payment through credit card or another form of payment for sales made over the phone)
or purchase orders from non-consumer customers as a customer contract provided that collection is considered probable. For payments that
are not made upfront by credit card, the Company assesses customer creditworthiness based on credit checks, payment history, and/or other
circumstances. For payments involving third party financier payors, the Company validates customer eligibility and reimbursement amounts
prior to shipping the product. 

Identify the performance obligations in the
contract . Product performance obligations include shipment of products and related accessories, and service performance obligations
include extended warranty coverage. 

However, as the historical redemption rate under
our warranty policy has been low, the option is not accounted for as a separate performance obligation. The Company does not assess whether
promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract with the customer. 

Determine the transaction price and allocation
to performance obligations . The transaction price in the Company s customer contracts consists of both fixed and variable consideration.
Fixed consideration includes amounts to be contractually billed to the customer while variable consideration includes the 30-days and
60-days right of return that applies to hearing enhancement and protection products and hair and skincare products, respectively. To estimate
product returns, the Company analyzes historical return levels, current economic trends, and changes in customer demand. Based on this
information, the Company reserves a percentage of product sale revenue and accounts for the estimated impact as a reduction in the transaction
price. 

Allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract . For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price
to the performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. 

Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies
a performance obligation . Revenue for products is recognized at a point in time, which is generally upon shipment. Revenue for services
(extended warranty) is recognized over time on a ratable basis over the warranty period. 

As of August 31, 2024, and May 31, 2024, contract
liabilities amounted to and , respectively. As of August 31, 2024, and May 31, 2024, 

and for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

t record any impairment loss during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Weighted average basic shares 

Dilutive securities: 

Convertible preferred stock 
 - 

Stock options 
 - 

Weighted average dilutive shares 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Merchant processor receivable 

Less: Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivables, net 

The Company recorded bad debt expense of 
and during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Raw Materials 

Inventory, net 

At August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, inventory
held at third party locations amounted to and , respectively. At August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, inventory in-transit
amounted to and , respectively. At August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, the Company had provided as obsolescence reserve
on some slow-moving inventory. 

years 

Furniture and Fixtures 
 years 

Computer Equipment 
 years 

Plant Equipment 
 - years 

Office equipment 
 - years 

Automobile 
 years 

Less:Accumulated Depreciation 

Total Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense amounted to and 
for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

years 

Customer Relationships 
 
 years 

Trade Names 
 
 years 

Website 
 
 years 

Product Certification Testing 
 
 years 

- 

Less:Accumulated Amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill arising through the business combination in June 2022 was
 at August 31, 2024. 

Amortization expense amounted to and 
 for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Royalty Payment Accrual 

Sales Tax Payable 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Total other current liabilities 

, which is administered under the authority and regulations
of the U.S. Small Business Administration pursuant to the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program (the EIDL of the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The Loan, which is evidenced by a note dated May 18, 2020, bears
interest at an annual rate of and is payable in installments of principal and interest of 731 per month, beginning May 18,
2021 until May 13, 2050. The Company has to maintain a hazard insurance policy including fire, lightning, and extended coverage on all
items used to secure this loan to at least 80 of the insurable value. Proceeds from loans granted under the CARES Act are intended to
be used for payroll, costs to continue employee group health care benefits, rent, utilities, and certain other qualified costs (collectively,
 qualifying expenses ). The Company used the loan proceeds for qualifying expenses. During the year ended May 31, 2022, the
Company received additional of borrowings under the program. The Company received a loan forgiveness for during
the year ended May 31, 2022. The Company recorded, on the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, and paid interest
of and , during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

As of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, the outstanding
balance of the loan amounted to and , respectively. 

The amounts of loan payments due in the next fiscal year ended August 31, are as follows: 

Total 

shares of common stock, par value per share and shares of preferred stock,
par value per share. The total number of shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue remained unchanged and
any fractional shares remaining after the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole share. 

Effective as of January 16, 2024, the Company
effected a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s issued shares of common stock at a ratio
of , as approved by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). The Reverse Stock Split did not change the
par value of the common stock, modify any voting rights or other terms of the common stock. The total number of shares of common stock
that the Company is authorized to issue remained unchanged and any fractional shares remaining after the Reverse Stock Split were rounded
up to the nearest whole share. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes to the financial statements give
retroactive effect to the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented, unless otherwise specified. 

Preferred Stock 

The preferred stock may be issued from time to
time in one or more series. The Board is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any of the shares of the preferred
stock in one or more series, and to fix the number of shares and to determine or alter, for each such series, such voting powers, full
or limited, or no voting powers and such designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications,
limitations, or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution adopted by the Board providing the issuance
of such shares. The Board is also expressly authorized to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue
of shares of that series. In case the number of shares of any such series shall be so decreased, the decrease shall resume the status
that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the Company
issued 250,000,000 shares of non-voting Series A Preferred Stock, which, following the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s common
stock, are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock on a twenty-to-one ratio. These shares of non-voting
Series A Preferred Stock were valued at the fair market value of at issuance. 

The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
have no rights to dividends with respect to such shares. No dividends or other distributions shall be declared or paid on the common stock
unless and until dividends at the same rate shall have been paid or declared and set apart upon the Series A Preferred Stock, based upon
the number of shares of common stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock may then be converted. Upon the dissolution, liquidation,
or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out
of the assets of the Company the sum of 0.0001 per share before any payment or distribution shall be made on our shares of common stock.
The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be subject to redemption at the option, election or request of the Company or any holder or holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the holder thereof, at any time
after the second anniversary of the date of the first issuance of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock into one fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock for each 20 shares of Series A Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the holder may not convert that number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock which would cause the holder to become the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s
common stock as determined in accordance with Sections 13(d) and (g) of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 

The conversion provisions of the Company s Series
A Preferred Stock were proportionately adjusted in connection with the Reverse Stock Split but did not adjust the number of shares issued
and outstanding. 

On March 5, 2024, the Company entered into repurchase
agreements with certain stockholders of the Company to purchase in the aggregate shares of Series A Preferred Stock
of the Company (equivalent, in aggregate, to 10,387,413 shares of the Company s common stock on an as converted basis) for the aggregate
cash consideration of . Such repurchase was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Following the repurchase, shares
of Series A Preferred Stock remained outstanding. The Company recorded a credit of 1,329,588 to the retained earnings, in the accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2024, for the difference between the carrying value of the preferred stock repurchased
and the cash paid to the stockholders. 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024, certain
stockholders of preferred shares converted their preferred stock into shares of common stock. 

As of August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, 
and shares of Series A Preferred Stock, respectively, were issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

As of August 31 2024, shares of common
stock were issued and outstanding. 

The Reverse Stock Split as more fully discussed
in Note 2, did not change the par value of the common stock, modify any voting rights or other terms of the common stock, or change the
number of authorized shares of the Company. Any fractional shares remaining after the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest
whole share. 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024, certain
stockholders of preferred shares converted their preferred stock into shares of common stock. 

No shares of common stock were issued during the three
months ended August 31, 2023. 

Stock Options 

Effective February 14, 2024, the Board amended the
Company s original 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended the Plan ), which was originally approved on March 21, 2022.
The effective date of the amended Plan is October 31, 2023. Under the Plan, equity-based awards may be made to employees, officers, directors,
non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined in the Plan) in the form of (i) Incentive Stock
Options (to eligible employees only); (ii) Nonqualified Stock Options; (iii) Restricted Stock; (iv) Stock Awards; (v) Performance
Shares; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. The Plan will terminate upon the close of business on the day next preceding March
21, 2032, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Board serves as the Plan administrator and may amend
or terminate the Plan without stockholder approval, subject to certain exceptions. 

The total number of shares initially authorized for
issuance under the Plan was 500,000 shares. The Plan was amended to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan
to 1,250,000 shares of common stock. The Plan provides for an annual increase on April 1 of each calendar year, beginning in 2022 and
ending in 2031, subject to Board approval prior to such date. Such potential increase may be equal to the lesser of (i) 4 of the total
number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on May 31 of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such smaller
number of shares as determined by the Board. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan will not change unless the Board
affirmatively approves an increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance prior to April 1 of the applicable year. Shares surrendered
or withheld to pay the exercise price of a stock option or to satisfy tax withholding requirements will not be added back to the number
of shares available under the Plan. To the extent that any shares of common stock awarded or subject to issuance or purchase pursuant
to awards under the Plan are not delivered or purchased, or are reacquired by the Company, for any reason, including a forfeiture of restricted
stock or failure to earn performance shares, or the termination, expiration or cancellation of a stock option, or any other termination
of an award without payment being made in the form of shares of common stock will be added to the number of shares available for awards
under the Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the Plan will be adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number
of outstanding shares of common stock resulting from payment of a stock dividend on common stock, a stock split or subdivision or combination
of shares of common stock, or a reorganization or reclassification of common stock, or any other change in the structure of shares of
common stock, as determined by the Board. Shares available for awards under the Plan will consist of authorized and unissued shares. 

Two types of options may be granted under the
Plan: (1) Incentive Stock Options, which may only be issued to eligible employees of the Company and are required to have exercise price
of the option not less than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date, or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option
granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, 110 of the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date; and (2) Non-qualified
Stock Options, which may be issued to participants under the Plan and which may have an exercise price less than the fair market value
of the common stock on the grant date, but not less than par value of the stock. 

The Board may grant or sell restricted stock to
participants (i.e., shares that are subject to a subject to restrictions or limitations as to the participant s ability to sell,
transfer, pledge or assign such shares) under the Plan. Except for these restrictions and any others imposed by the Board, upon the grant
of restricted stock, the recipient generally will have rights of a stockholder with respect to the restricted stock. During the applicable
restriction period, the recipient may not sell, exchange, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the restricted stock. The Board may
also grant awards of common stock to participants under the Plan, as well as awards of performance shares, which are awards for which
the payout is subject to achievement of such performance objectives established by the Board. Performance shares may be settled in cash. 

Each equity-based award granted under the Plan will be evidenced by
an award agreement that specifies the terms of the award and such additional limitations, terms and conditions as the Board may determine,
consistent with the provisions of the Plan. 

Subject to the Plan s terms, the Board has
full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any outstanding award will be terminated, canceled,
forfeited or suspended. Awards to that are subject to any restriction or have not been earned or exercised in full by the recipient will
be terminated and canceled if such recipient is terminated for cause, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 

The Company estimates the fair value of share-based
compensation utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is dependent upon several variables such as the expected option term,
expected volatility of the Company s stock price over the expected term, expected risk-free interest rate over the expected option
term and expected dividend yield rate over the expected option term. The Company believes this valuation methodology is appropriate for
estimating the fair value of stock options granted to employees and directors which are subject to ASC 718 requirements. These amounts
are estimates and thus may not be reflective of actual future results, nor amounts ultimately realized by recipients of these grants.
The Company recognizes compensation on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award. 

The Company utilizes the simplified method to
estimate the expected life for stock options granted to employees. The simplified method was used as the Company does not have sufficient
historical data regarding stock option exercises. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury yields with terms equivalent to the expected life of the related option at the time of the grant. Dividend
yield is based on historical trends. While the Company believes these estimates are reasonable, the compensation expense recorded would
increase if the expected life was increased, a higher expected volatility was used, or if the expected dividend yield increased. 

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 10, 2022, the
Company issued to two Company officers non-statutory stock options to purchase, in the aggregate, up to shares of its
common stock, at an exercise price of per share valued at and expiring on April 20, 2032. The options vest over time with
25 of the options vesting on September 1, 2022 and thereafter vesting 1/24th on the 1st of every month. As of August 31, 2024, all of
the options were vested. 

The Company computed the aggregate grant date
fair value of 477,000 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is being recorded as stock-based compensation expense over
the vesting period. During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of 
and , respectively, for these options, in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

Pursuant to the Plan, on November 1, 2022,
the Company issued non-statutory stock options, to a former executive officer of the Company, to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 
shares of its common stock, at an exercise price of per share valued at approximately and expiring on October 31, 2032.
3,750 shares vested as of January 29, 2023, and the remaining were forfeited in April 2023 when the executive officer left the
Company. The fair value of the vested options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was . 

Pursuant to the Plan, during the three months ended
August 31, 2024, the Company issued non-statutory stock options, to two consultants, to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 24,000 shares
of its common stock, at an exercise price equal to the Company s closing price on the NYSE American on the date of grant. The options
are valued at approximately 195,960 and expiring in ten years from the date of grant. During the three months ended August 31, 2024,
the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of , for these options, in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements. 

The Black-Scholes options pricing model used the
following assumptions: 

- 
 
 Expected life 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend 
 - 

Restricted Stock Awards 

The Company s non-employee directors participate
in the Company s non-employee director compensation arrangements. Under the terms of those arrangements and pursuant to the Plan,
on February 14, 2024, the Company granted each of its three non-employee directors Board members restricted stock awards for an
aggregate of 15,000 shares of the Company s common stock that will vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant, subject to the
respective director s continued service as a member of the Board, with a total grant date fair value of . 

Effective
May 28, 2024, a former officer entered into a Separation Agreement and Release (the Release ), which includes a standard
release of claims and confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions. As consideration for signing the Release, the Company entered
into a Consulting Agreement, dated May 28, 2024, with the former officer (the Consulting Agreement ), pursuant to which the
former officer agreed to provide transition services to the Company through October 31, 2024, unless the Consulting Agreement is terminated
earlier. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, as compensation for services as a consultant, the former officer was granted 30,000 shares
of restricted common stock valued at 298,800, which vested upon grant. 

The fair value of the stock grants is being recorded
over the term of the service related to each grant. During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a stock-based
compensation expense related to the restricted stock awards of and , respectively. 

per month for the first
year and then increased to per month. 

The Company treats a contract as a lease when
the contract conveys the right to use a physically distinct asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration, or if the Company
directs the use of the asset and obtains substantially all the economic benefits of the asset. These leases are recorded as right-of-use ROU assets and lease obligation liabilities for leases with terms greater than 12 months. ROU assets represent the Company s
right to use an underlying asset for the entirety of the lease term. Lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make
payments over the life of the lease. A ROU asset and a lease liability are recognized at commencement of the lease based on the present
value of the lease payments over the life of the lease. Initial direct costs are included as part of the ROU asset upon commencement of
the lease. Since the interest rate implicit in a lease is generally not readily determinable for the operating leases, the Company uses
an incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate
of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar lease term to obtain an asset of similar
value. 

The Company reviews the impairment of ROU assets
consistent with the approach applied for the Company s other long-lived assets. The Company reviews the recoverability of long-lived
assets when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment
of possible impairment is based on the Company s ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from the expected undiscounted
future pre-tax cash flows of the related operations. 

Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term, while variable lease payments are expensed as incurred. Variable payments change due to facts or circumstances
occurring after the commencement date, other than the passage of time, and do not result in a remeasurement of lease liabilities. The
Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 

The Company computed an initial lease liability
of for the California office lease agreement and an initial ROU asset in the same amount which was recorded on the books at the
commencement of the lease on December 1, 2022. During the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a lease expense
in the amount of and , respectively. As of August 31, 2024, the lease liability balance was and the right of use
asset balance was . A lease term of three years and a discount rate of was used. 

The Company signed a lease agreement in September 2024 for a warehouse
and office lease in Utah commencing from October 1, 2024. 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Accumulated reduction 

Operating lease assets, net 

Liabilities 

Lease liability 

Accumulated reduction 

Total lease liability, net 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 
 - 
 - 

Maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows as of August
31, 2024: 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Contingencies 

From time to time, we become involved in various lawsuits
and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Where it is probable that we will incur a loss and the amount of
the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability in our financial statements. In evaluating matters for accrual and disclosure
purposes, we take into consideration factors such as our historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific facts and
circumstances asserted, the likelihood of our prevailing, the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss. We reevaluate
and update accruals as matters progress over time. These legal accruals may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant developments
on a quarterly basis. Where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss is not estimable, we do not record an accrual, consistent
with applicable accounting guidance. In the opinion of management, while the outcome of such claims and disputes cannot be predicted with
certainty, our ultimate liability in connection with these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial position or cash flows, and the amounts accrued for any individual matter are not material. However, legal proceedings
are inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability, or damages that may ultimately result from the resolution
of these matters will be covered by our insurance or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided by insurance coverage. As
a result, the outcome of a particular matter or a combination of matters may be material to our results of operations for a particular
period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular period. 

in consulting fees for the three months ended August 31, 2024. At August 31, 2024, the Company had net
amounts payable to Intrepid of . These receivables and advances were short-term in nature and non-interest bearing. The Company's
Board Member, Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") has a controlling interest in BZ
Capital Strategies. BZ Capital Strategies was paid in consulting fees for the three months ended August 31, 2024. 

. At August 31, 2024 and May 31, 2024, the Company held cash
of approximately and , respectively, in excess of federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses
in such accounts through August 31, 2024. 

Concentration of Revenue, Accounts Receivable,
Product Line, and Supplier 

The Company predominantly sells the products direct-to-consumer.
Therefore, and of sales was direct to customers during the three months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There was
no single customer that accounted for greater than 10 of total sales in those periods. 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024, sales
to customers outside the United States represented approximately of total sales. During the three months ended August 31, 2023,
sales of AXIL product to customers outside the United States represented of total sales. 

Manufacturing is outsourced primarily overseas
via a number of third-party vendors, the two largest vendors accounted for and of all purchases for the three months ended August
31, 2024. For the three months ended August 31, 2023, the four largest vendors accounted for , , and of all purchases. 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024,
gross sales of which each represented over 10 of gross sales consisted approximately from Ghost Stryke and of gross sales of
other Bluetooth and ear buds. During the three months ended August 31, 2023, gross sales which represented over 10 of gross sales
was from Ghost Stryke model GS-X, from Trackr earmuffs and from Bluetooth earmuffs. 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024
and 2023 gross sales products comprised of the following: 

Outside- ear protection devices 

Accessories and others 

Hair and Skin Care products 

Total 

The Company s segment information is as follows: 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Total net sales 

Operating earnings (loss) 

Segment gross profit: 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Total segment gross profit 

Selling and Marketing 

General and Administrative 

Consolidated operating income (loss) 

Total Assets: 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Consolidated total assets 

Payments for property and equipment 

Hair care and skin care 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hearing enhancement and protection 

Consolidated total payments for property and equipment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Consolidated total depreciation and amortization 

Geographic Area Information 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024,
approximately of our consolidated net sales were to customers located in the U.S. (based on the customer s shipping address).
During the three months ended August 31, 2023, approximately of our consolidated net sales were to customers located in the U.S. (based
on the customer s shipping address). All Company assets are located in the U.S. 

income tax expense for the three
months ended August 31, 2024 and an income tax expense of for the three months ended August 31, 2023. 

The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions
or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject
to IRS examination. 

for the first three months and 
per month for the next nine months. 

F- 26 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by,
the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and
with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May
31, 2024 filed with the SEC on August 15, 2024. Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. 

Although the forward-looking statements in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors
currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties,
the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are
urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in herein and in our other reports as we attempt to advise interested
parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. Please see
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

Overview 

The Company is engaged in the manufacturing, marketing,
sale and distribution of high-tech, innovative hearing and audio enhancement and protection products that provide cutting-edge solutions
for people with varied applications across many industries and professional quality hair and skin care products under various trademarks
and brands. 

The Company has two reportable
segments: hair care and skin care, and hearing enhancement and protection. 

Through our hearing enhancement and protection segment,
we design, innovate, engineer, manufacture, market and service specialized systems in hearing enhancement, hearing protection, wireless
audio, and communication. Through our hair care and skin care segment, we manufacture, market, sell, and distribute professional quality
hair and skin care products. 

The Company s overall business strategy is to
establish market awareness of our products through our direct-to-consumer campaigns. The Company's strategy centers on driving growth
by expanding market share within existing channels and developing new ones through both online and traditional platforms. The Company s
primary focus is optimizing its e-commerce strategies, building sales teams to meet the needs of distribution channels, and enhancing
value through strategic partnerships. We believe the increase in awareness will allow the Company to increase distribution and gain customers
through our distribution partners retail establishments, with the goal of helping us achieve growth in market share and diversify
our sales channels. 

- 2 - 

Results of Operations 

Our results of operations are summarized below. 

Three Months Ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Sales, net 
 5,851,272 
 6,106,269 
 
 Cost of sales 
 1,697,624 
 1,458,703 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,153,648 
 4,647,566 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,294,350 
 4,473,809 
 
 Income (Loss) from operations 
 (140,702 
 173,757 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (109,805 
 154,452 

For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Compared to
the Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 

Net sales for the three months ended August 31,
2024 and 2023 were 5,851,272 and 6,106,269 respectively. Net sales for the three months ended August 31, 2024 decreased by
 254,997 or 4 , as compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023, due to the decrease in marketing campaign spend and strength
in our distribution channels for AXIL products. 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024, the overall
cost of sales increased by 238,921 or 16 , as compared to the three months ended August 31, 2023, which was primarily due to the
relative increase in sales of the Company s hair and skin care products. Cost of sales as a percentage of net revenues for the three
months ended August 31, 2024 was 29.0 as compared to 23.9 for the comparable period in 2023. The marginal increase in cost of sales,
as a percentage of sales, was primarily attributable to an increase in transportation costs. The Company will continue to work to increase
efficiencies in procurement and logistics. 

Gross profit for the three months ended August 31,
2024 and 2023 was 4,153,648 and 4,647,566, respectively. Gross profit as a percentage of sales for the three months ended August 31,
2024, was 71 as compared to 76.1 for the comparable period in 2023. The decrease in the gross profit margin for the three months ended
August 31, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in sales of lower margin products in our segments, partially offset by a decrease
in discounts in our sales of AXIL products. 

Operating expenses consisted of marketing and
selling expenses, compensation and related taxes, professional and consulting fees, and general and administrative costs. Operating
expenses decreased by 179,459 or 4 from 4,473,809 in the three months ended August 31, 2023 to 4,294,350 in the three months
ended August 31, 2024. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenues for the three months ended August 31, 2024, were 73.4 
compared to 73.3 for the three months ended August 31, 2023. The decrease in operating expenses related primarily to a net decrease
in advertising and marketing expenses of 537,370 relating to prior expansion of current marketing campaigns and costs attributable
to new product awareness, and partially offset by a net increase of 521,074 for professional and consulting expenses which included
costs to enhance existing business processes. General and administrative costs decreased by 73,822 primarily due to a decrease in
costs associated with our listing on NYSE American in February 2024. This decrease was augmented by the optimization of our
workforce resulting in an overall reduction of 89,341 for compensation and related taxes for the three months ended August 31, 2024
as compared to three months ended August 31, 2023. 

Loss from operations for the three months ended August 31, 2024 was
 140,702 compared to income of 173,757 for the three months ended August 31, 2023. The decrease in income from operations of 314,459
or (181 was primarily related to the increase in professional and consulting fee related to our non-cash stock based compensation and
expanded marketing campaign as well as the decrease in sales. 

For the three months ended August 31, 2024 no provision
for income taxes was recorded since the Company incurred a net loss. For the three months ended August 31, 2023, provision for income
tax expense was 65,989. 

As a result of the above, we reported a net loss of
 109,805 and a net income of 154,452 for the three months ended August 31, 2024 and three months ended August 31, 2023, respectively. 

- 3 - 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We are currently engaged in product sales and development.
Although we incurred a net loss in the three months ended August 31, 2024, we recognized operating income in the past fiscal year. We
currently expect to earn net income during the current fiscal year ending May 31, 2025. We believe our current cash balances, coupled
with anticipated cash flow from operating activities, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least one year
from the date of issuance of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. We intend to continue to control our cash expenses
as a percentage of expected revenue on an annual basis and thus may use our cash balances in the short-term to invest in revenue growth.
As a result of the acquisition of AXIL Associated Brands assets in June 2022, we have generated and expect we will continue
to generate sufficient cash for our operational needs, including any required debt payments, for at least one year from the date of issuance
of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. Management is focused on growing the Company s existing product
lines and introducing new products, as well as expanding its customer base, to increase its revenues. The Company cannot give assurance
that it can increase its cash balances or limit its cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its planned operations
or future acquisitions. Future business demands may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced. The Company
cannot provide any assurance that it will be able to raise additional capital or obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, or at
all. Subject to the foregoing, management believes that the Company has sufficient capital and liquidity to fund its operations for at
least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

Cash Flows 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities for the
three months ended August 31, 2024 was 897,318, attributable to a net loss of 109,805 offset by adjustments for depreciation and amortization,
bad debts and stock-based compensation that totaled 329,544. There were favorable changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses of
 405,511 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 486,958 and a change in inventory of 120,603. The increase was partially
offset by an increase in accounts receivables of 108,100 and a decrease in contract liabilities and other current liabilities of 227,393. 

Net cash provided by operating activities for
the three months ended August 31, 2023 was 397,172, attributable to a net income of 154,452, items of adjustments to depreciation
and amortization, bad debts and stock-based compensation that totaled 132,210. There were favorable changes in accounts payable and
accrued expenses of 168,399, contract and current liabilities of 476,200, and prepaid expense and other current assets of
 315,751. The favorable changes were partially offset by a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 849,840 primarily
due to increases in accounts receivable and inventory. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash flows used in investing activities for
the three months ended August 31, 2024 was 41,840 due to the purchase of intangibles for the Company s business. For the three
months ended August 31, 2023, net cash flows used were 50,960, attributable to the cash used in the purchase of property and equipment. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities for
the three months ended August 31, 2024 was 39,370, and were from advances made from a related party of 41,707 partially offset by a
repayment of the note payable of 2,337. Net cash flows used in financing activities for the three months ended August 31, 2023 were 117,171,
and were for repayment of equipment financing and note payable of 18,079, and a decrease in the amount due from a related party of 99,092. 

- 4 - 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024,
the Company has various financed items and has debt outstanding in order to run the Company s business operations. 

As of August 31, 2024, we had a secured Economic Injury
Disaster Loan outstanding, administered pursuant to the CARES Act in the principal amount of 144,257, with a maturity date of May 18,
2050. The Company continues to pay interest and principal on the loan. 

We are dependent on our product sales to fund our
operations and may require additional capital in the future, such as pursuant to the sale of additional common stock or of debt securities
or entering into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements with institutions or private individuals, to maintain operations, which
may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and could require us to sell certain assets or discontinue or curtail our operations.
If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and
more dilutive. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the form
of cash advances, loans, and/or financial guarantees. We do not have any plans to seek additional financing at this time and anticipate
that our existing cash equivalents and cash provided by operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements. However,
if the need arises for additional cash, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital we need for our operations
on favorable terms, or at all. We may not be able to obtain additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to fund our operations.
Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth
strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon our business plans. If we are unsuccessful at
raising sufficient funds, for whatever reason, to fund our operations, we may be forced to cease operations. If we fail to raise funds,
we expect that we will be required to seek protection from creditors under applicable bankruptcy laws. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of August 31, 2024, we do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of condensed consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make a number of
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements. Such estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances.
We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable in the circumstances; however, actual results may differ from these estimates
under different future conditions. 

We believe that the estimates and assumptions
that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, in that they require the most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments, form the basis for the accounting policies deemed to be most critical to us. These critical accounting
policies relate to revenue recognition, impairment of intangible assets and long-lived assets, inventory, stock compensation, and evaluation
of contingencies. We believe estimates and assumptions related to these critical accounting policies are appropriate under the circumstances;
however, should future events or occurrences result in unanticipated consequences, there could be a material impact on our future financial
condition or results of operations. 

See the footnotes to our unaudited consolidated
financial statements for the three months ended August 31, 2024, included with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion
of our critical accounting policies and use of estimates. 

- 5 - 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the
information required by this Item 3. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, 
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Principal Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer CFO and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2024.
Based on this evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2024, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company has hired additional accounting personnel and has sufficient
controls over segregation of duties. Other than the forgoing, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the
fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over
financial reporting. 

- 6 - 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. 

Where it is probable that we will incur a loss and
the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability in our financial statements. In evaluating matters for accrual
and disclosure purposes, we take into consideration factors such as our historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific
facts and circumstances asserted, the likelihood of our prevailing, the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss.
We reevaluate and update accruals as matters progress over time. These legal accruals may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant
developments on a quarterly basis. Where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss is not estimable, we do not record an accrual,
consistent with applicable accounting guidance. In the opinion of management, while the outcome of such claims and disputes cannot be
predicted with certainty, our ultimate liability in connection with these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, and the amounts accrued for any individual matter are not material. However,
legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability, or damages that may ultimately
result from the resolution of these matters will be covered by our insurance or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided
by insurance coverage. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter or a combination of matters may be material to our results of operations
for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular period. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item 1A. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the three months ended August 31, 2024, the
Company issued (i) 555,913 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 11,118,250 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) non-statutory
stock options to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 24,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price equal to the
Company s closing price on the NYSE American on the date of grant. The issuance of the securities were deemed to
be exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including Regulation D and Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder, as transactions by the Company not involving a public offering. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

(a) On October 8, 2024, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the grant of 350,000 options to purchase the Company s
common stock to Jeff Toghraie, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and 250,000 options to purchase the Company s
common stock to Jeff Brown, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and director. The options will be
granted as of the third trading day following the filing of this Form 10-Q and will have an exercise price equal to the closing price
of the Company s common stock as reported on the NYSE American on the grant date, a term of 10 years from the grant date, and will
vest and become exercisable in forty-eight (48) equal monthly installments beginning on the grant date, subject to the recipient s
continued service with the Company. 

(b) . 

(c) During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, no director or officer
of the Company adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, 
as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

- 7 - 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Filed 
 
 Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 herewith 
 
 herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 6, 2017). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2022). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective as of January 16, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 16, 2024). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective as of February 14, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024). 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 6, 2017). 

3.6 
 
 Amendment to the Bylaws, effective as of February 14, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024). 

10.1 
 
 Form
of Stock Option Agreement (2024) (2022 Equity Incentive Plan). 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 101 
 
 The following unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Operations, (iii) Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 X 

Management compensatory plan or arrangement. 

- 8 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jeff Toghraie 

Jeff Toghraie 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jeff Brown 

Jeff Brown 

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

- 9 - 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 axil-20240831_10qex10z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

AXIL BRANDS, INC. 

2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Unless otherwise defined herein,
capitalized terms in this Stock Option Agreement (the Option Agreement have the same meanings as defined
in the AXIL BRANDS, INC. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time)(the Plan ). 

I. 
 NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

Participant s Name: Option_Holder (the
 Participant 

Address: ___________________________________ 

You have been granted an Option
(the Option to purchase Common Stock of AXIL Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Date: Grant
Date 

Vesting Commencement Date: Vesting
Start Date 

Exercise Price per Share: 
 Exercise Price 

Total Number of Shares Granted: Options 

Type of Option: Incentive
Stock Option/Nonqualified Stock Option 

Expiration Date: Expiration
Date 

Vesting Schedule: [_______] of such Options shall vest and become exercisable on [________________________], [subject to the Participant's Continuous Service Status through each such vesting date and further subject to the terms hereof and the Plan.] 

To the extent vested, this Option
will be exercisable for three (3) months following the Termination of Service of the Participant, unless termination is due to the Participant s
death or Disability, in which case this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Termination of Service of the
Participant. In the event of termination due to the Participant s death, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
notify the Participant s estate of the exercisability of the Option following the Participant s death. Notwithstanding the
foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised following the Termination of Service of the Participant as determined by
the Company s Board to be for Cause or after the Expiration Date as provided above and this Option may be subject to earlier termination
as provided in the Plan. 

Cause 
has the meaning ascribed to such term or words of similar import in the Participant s written employment or service contract with
the Company or its parent or any subsidiary and, in the absence of such agreement or definition, means the Participant s (i) conviction
of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a 

- 1 - 

felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude;
(ii) fraud on or misappropriation of any funds or property of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any affiliate, customer or vendor; (iii)
personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct, willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than minor traffic violations
or similar offenses), or breach of fiduciary duty which involves personal profit; (iv) willful misconduct in connection with the Participant s
duties or willful failure to perform the Participant s responsibilities in the best interests of the Company or its subsidiaries;
(v) illegal use or distribution of drugs; (vi) violation of any material rule, regulation, procedure or policy of the Company or its subsidiaries,
the violation of which could have a material detriment to the Company; or (vii) material breach of any provision of any employment, non-disclosure,
non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement executed by the Participant for the benefit of the Company or its subsidiaries,
all as reasonably determined by the Company s Board of Directors, which determination will be conclusive. 

Legends . 

(a) All certificates
representing the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option shall, prior to such date as the Plan and Common Stock hereunder are covered
by a valid Form S-8 or similar U.S. federal registration statement, where applicable, have endorsed thereon the following legend: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF REGISTERED AND QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO THE RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF U.S.
FEDERAL, STATE AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS OR IF THE COMPANY IS PROVIDED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT REGISTRATION
AND QUALIFICATION UNDER U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED. 

(b) If the Option
is an incentive stock option (ISO), then the following legend will be included: 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION, AND THE COMPANY MUST BE NOTIFIED IF THE SHARES SHALL BE TRANSFERRED
BEFORE THE LATER OF THE TWO (2) YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE DATE OF GRANT OF THE OPTION OR THE ONE (1) YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE DATE ON WHICH
THE OPTION WAS EXERCISED. THE REGISTERED HOLDER MAY RECOGNIZE ORDINARY INCOME IF THE SHARES ARE TRANSFERRED BEFORE SUCH DATE. 

II. 
 AGREEMENT 

1. Grant
of Option . The Administrator grants to the Participant named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant in Part I of this
Option Agreement, an Option to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, at the exercise price per
Share set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Exercise Price ), and subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan prevail. 

If designated in the Notice of
Stock Option Grant as an Incentive Stock Option, this Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Code section
422. Nevertheless, to the extent that it exceeds the 100,000 rule of Code section 422(d), this Option will be treated as a Non-Qualified
Stock Option. 

- 2 - 

2. Exercise
of Option . 

(a) Right
to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Stock Option
Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

(b) Method
of Exercise . This Option is exercisable by (i) delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A (the
 Exercise Notice or in a manner and pursuant to procedures as the Administrator may determine, which will
state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, and other representations
and agreements as may be required by the Company and (ii) paying the Company in full the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Shares being
acquired, together with any applicable tax withholding. 

This Option will be deemed to
be exercised upon receipt by the Company of a fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price, together with
any applicable tax withholding. 

No Shares will be issued pursuant
to the exercise of an Option unless the issuance and exercise of Shares complies with Applicable Laws. Assuming compliance, for income
tax purposes the Shares will be considered transferred to the Participant on the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to
the Shares. 

3. Method
of Payment . The aggregate Exercise Price may be paid by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Participant: 

(a) cash; 

(b) check; 

(c) to the
extent permitted by the Administrator, in its discretion, and not prohibited by Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, a promissory
note; 

(d) other shares
of Common Stock, provided Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares
as to which said Option will be exercised; 

(e) by asking
the Company to withhold Shares from the total Shares to be delivered upon exercise equal to the number of Shares having a value equal
to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares being acquired; 

(f) any combination
of the foregoing methods of payment; or 

(g) such other consideration
and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 

4. Restrictions
on Exercise . This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of payment of consideration
for such shares would constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws. The Company will be relieved of any liability with respect to any
delayed issuance of shares or its failure to issue shares if such delay or failure is necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. 

- 3 - 

5. Non-Transferability
of Option . This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may
be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement are binding
upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Participant. 

6. Term
of Option . This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, and may be exercised during
the term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option. 

7. Tax
Obligations . 

(a) Withholding
Taxes . The Participant agrees to arrange for the satisfaction of all Federal, state, local and foreign income and employment tax withholding
requirements applicable to the Option exercise. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise
and refuse to deliver the Shares if withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. 

(b) Notice
of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If the Option granted to the Participant is an Incentive Stock Option ISO ),
and if the Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the
date two (2) years after the Grant Date, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, the Participant must immediately notify
the Company of the disposition in writing. The Participant agrees that the Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the
Company on the compensation income recognized by the Participant. 

(c) Code
Section 409A. Under Code section 409A, an Option that was granted with a per Share exercise price that is determined by the Internal
Revenue Service (the IRS to be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date (a discount
option may be considered deferred compensation. An Option that is a discount option may result in (i) income recognition
by the Participant prior to the exercise of the Option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20 tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest
charges. The Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise
Price of this Option equals or exceeds Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date in a later examination. The Participant agrees that
if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share
on the Grant Date, the Participant will be solely responsible for any and all resulting tax consequences. 

8. No
Guarantee of Continued Service . THE PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE
HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING
THE PARTICIPANT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE
AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND
WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THE PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR
RETAINING OPTIONEE) TO TERMINATE OPTIONEE S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

9. Notices .
All notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and sufficient if (i) personally delivered
or sent by telecopy, (ii) sent by nationally-recognized 

- 4 - 

overnight courier or (iii) sent by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 

(a) if to the
Participant, to the address (or telecopy number) set forth on the Notice of Stock Option Grant; and 

(b) if to the Company,
to its principal executive office as specified in any report filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission or to such
address as the Company may have specified to the Participant in writing, Attention: Corporate Secretary; 

or to any other address as the
party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith. Any communication will be
deemed to have been given (i) when delivered, if personally delivered, or when telecopied, if telecopied, (ii) on the first Business Day
(as hereinafter defined) after dispatch, if sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the fourth Business Day following
the date on which the piece of mail containing the communication is posted, if sent by mail. As used herein, Business Day 
means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the city to which the notice or communication is
to be sent are not required to be open. 

10. Specific
Performance . The Participant expressly agrees that the Company will be irreparably damaged if the provisions of this Option Agreement
and the Plan are not specifically enforced. Upon a breach or threatened breach of the terms, covenants and/or conditions of this Option
Agreement or the Plan by the Participant, the Company will, in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to a temporary or permanent
injunction, without showing any actual damage, and/or decree for specific performance, in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof.
The Administrator has the power to determine what constitutes a breach or threatened breach of this Option Agreement or the Plan. The
Administrator s determinations will be final and conclusive and binding upon the Participant. 

11. No Waiver .
No waiver of any breach or condition of this Option Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or condition,
whether of like or different nature. 

12. Participant
Undertaking . The Participant agrees to take whatever additional actions and execute whatever additional documents the Company may
in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions
imposed on the Participant pursuant to the express provisions of this Option Agreement. 

13. Modification
of Rights . The rights of the Participant are subject to modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Option
Agreement and the Plan. 

14. Governing
Law . This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to
its conflict or choice of law principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive
law of another jurisdiction. 

15. Counterparts;
Facsimile Execution . This Option Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original,
but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile execution and delivery of this Option Agreement is legal,
valid and binding execution and delivery for all purposes. 

16. Entire
Agreement . The Plan, this Option Agreement, and upon execution, the Exercise Notice, constitute the entire agreement of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the
Participant with respect to the subject 

- 5 - 

matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely
to the Participant s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Participant. 

17. Severability .
In the event one or more of the provisions of this Option Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this Option Agreement, and this
Option Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

18. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL . THE OPTIONEE EXPRESSLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING
TO THIS OPTION AGREEMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

19. Data Privacy . In order
to administer the Plan, the Company may process personal data about the Participant. Such data includes, but is not limited to, the information
provided in this Option Agreement and any changes thereto, other appropriate personal and financial data about the Participant such as
home address and business addresses and other contact information, and any other information that might be deemed appropriate by the Company
to facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Participant hereby gives explicit consent to the Company to process any such personal
data. The Participant also gives explicit consent to the Company to transfer any such personal data outside the country in which the Participant
works or is employed, including, if the Participant is not a U.S. resident, to the United States, to transferees that shall include the
Company and other persons who are designated by the Company to administer the Plan. 

20. Electronic Delivery .
The Participant hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any documents that the Company may elect to deliver, including, but
not limited to, the Plan document, grant or award notifications, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other forms
of communications in connection with this and any other Award made or offered under the Plan. The Participant also hereby consents to
any and all procedures the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of
any such information that the Company may elect to deliver and agrees that the Participant s electronic response or signature is
the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, the Participant s manual signature. 

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank.] 

- 6 - 

The Participant acknowledges receipt
of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts this Option subject
to all of the terms and provisions thereof. The Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option in their entirety, has had an opportunity
to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option and fully understands all provisions of the Option. The Participant agrees
to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the
Plan or this Option. The Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the
parties hereto have executed this Option Agreement as of the Grant Date set forth above. 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT: 

Name: 

- 7 - 

EXHIBIT A 

AXIL BRANDS, INC. 

2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

AXIL Brands, Inc. 

 901 Fremont Avenue, Unit 158 

 Alhambra, CA 91803 

Attention: AXIL Brands, Inc., Corporate Secretary 

1. Exercise
of Option . Effective as of today, _____________, _____, the undersigned (the Participant elects to exercise
the Participant s option to purchase ___________ shares of the Common Stock (the Shares of AXIL BRANDS, INC.
(the Company under and pursuant to the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement dated and effective _________ (the Option Agreement ). 

2. Delivery
of Payment . The Participant herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares, as set forth in the Option Agreement,
and any and all withholding taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Option. 

3. Representations
of Participant . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement
and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

4. Rights
as Stockholder . Until the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder exists with respect to the
Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. Subject to the requirements of Section 6 below, the Shares
will be issued to the Participant as soon as practicable after the Option is exercised in accordance with the Option Agreement. No adjustment
will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance except as provided in the Plan. 

5. Tax
Consultation . The Participant understands that the Participant may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of the Participant s
purchase or disposition of the Shares. The Participant represents that the Participant has consulted with any tax consultants the Participant
deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that the Participant is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice. 

6. Refusal
to Transfer . The Company will not (i) transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of
any of the provisions of this Exercise Notice, or (ii) be required to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or
pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares have been so transferred. 

7. Successors
and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Exercise Notice to single or multiple assignees, and this Exercise
Notice inures to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this
Exercise Notice is binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

- 8 - 

8. Interpretation .
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Exercise Notice will be submitted by the Participant or by the Company forthwith to the
Administrator for review at its next regular meeting. The resolution of disputes by the Administrator will be final and binding on all
parties. 

9. Governing
Law; Severability . This Exercise Notice is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, without
giving effect to its conflict or choice of law principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Exercise to
the substantive law of another jurisdiction. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Exercise Notice will continue in full force and effect. 

10. Participant
Representations . 

(a) With respect
to a transaction occurring prior to such date as the Plan and Common Stock thereunder are covered by a valid Form S-8 or similar U.S.
federal registration statement, the Participant agrees that in no event shall the Participant make a disposition of any of the Common
Stock, unless and until: (i) the Participant shall have notified the Company of the proposed disposition and shall have furnished the
Company with a statement of the circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition; and (ii) the Participant shall have furnished the
Company with an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company to the effect that (A) such disposition will not require registration or
qualification of such Common Stock under applicable U.S. federal, state or foreign securities laws or (B) appropriate action necessary
for compliance with the U.S. federal, state or foreign securities laws has been taken; or (iii) the Company shall have waived, expressly
and in writing, its rights under clauses (i) and (ii) of this Subsection. 

(b) The Participant
understands that if a registration statement covering the Common Stock under the Securities Act is not in effect when the Participant
desires to sell the Common Stock, the Participant may be required to hold the Common Stock for an indeterminate period. The Participant
also acknowledges that the Participant understands that any sale of the Common Stock which might be made by the Participant in reliance
upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with the terms and conditions of that Rule. 

11. Notices .
Any notice required or permitted hereunder will be provided in writing and deemed effective if provided in the manner specified in the
Option Agreement. 

12. Further
Instruments . The parties agree to execute any further instruments and to take any further action as may be reasonably necessary to
carry out the purposes and intent of the Option Agreement and this Exercise Notice. 

13. Entire
Agreement . The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan, and the Option Agreement
constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings
and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the
Participant s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Participant. 

[Signature page follows.] 

- 9 - 

Submitted by: 

PARTICIPANT : 

Name: 

Date 

Accepted by: 

 AXIL BRANDS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

- 10 - 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 axil-20240831_10qex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Jeff Toghraie, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q of Axil Brands, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeff Toghraie 

Name: 
 Title: 

Jeff Toghraie 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 axil-20240831_10qex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Jeff Brown, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Axil Brands, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeff Brown 

Name: 
 Title: 

Jeff Brown 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 axil-20240831_10qex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Axil Brands, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 (the
 Report ), I, Jeff Toghraie, Chief Executive Officer, certify as follows: 

A) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and 

B) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

This statement is authorized to be attached
as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time as the Report is filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. Pursuant to Securities and Exchange
Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any registration statement
of the Company filed under Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.
A signed original of this written statement by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeff Toghraie 

Name: 
 Title: 

Jeff Toghraie 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 axil-20240831_10qex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Axil Brands, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended August 31, 2024 (the
 Report ), I, Jeff Brown, Chief Financial Officer, certify as follows: 

A) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and 

B) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

This statement is authorized to be attached
as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time as the Report is filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. Pursuant to Securities and Exchange
Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any registration statement
of the Company filed under Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.
A signed original of this written statement by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: October 10, 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeff Brown 

Name: 
 Title: 

Jeff Brown 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 axil-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 axil-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 axil-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 axil-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

