<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1628908_0001628908-24-000114.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10152758</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160400</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1706945</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3655638</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2274185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2140721</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628908-24-000114.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107181943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628908-24-000114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evolent Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001628908
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8741]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				320454912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37415
		FILM NUMBER:		241437472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 NORTH GLEBE RD, SUITE 500
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		571-389-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 NORTH GLEBE RD, SUITE 500
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628908-24-000114.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 evh-20240930.htm
 Q3 2024 10-Q

evh-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 _________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________ 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 _________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. S No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). S No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 S Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding. 

Evolent Health, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 Item Page PART I 
 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II 
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 51 
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 52 
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 5. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 
 Signatures 
 55 

Explanatory Note 
 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, Evolent, the Company, we, our and us refer to Evolent Health, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Evolent Health LLC, a subsidiary of Evolent Health, Inc. through which we conduct our operations, has owned all of our operating assets and substantially all of our business since inception. Evolent Health, Inc. is a holding company and its principal asset is all of the Class A common units of Evolent Health LLC. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS - CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE 
 
 Certain statements made in this report and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 PSLRA ). A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like: believe, anticipate, expect, estimate, aim, predict, potential, continue, plan, project, will, should, shall, may, might and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to our ability to weather current dynamics, continue to expand our footprint, future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, new partner additions/expansions, our guidance and business outlook and future performance or financial results, and the closing of pending transactions and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. 
 
 These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to vary materially, some of which are described within the forward-looking statements, include, among others: 
 
 risks relating to our ability to efficiently integrate NIA and Machinify into our operations; 
 the significant portion of revenue we derive from our largest partners, and the potential loss, non-renewal, termination or renegotiation of our relationship or contract with any significant partner, or multiple partners in the aggregate; 
 our ability to terminate certain leases and recognize impairment charges in connection with our repositioning plan; 
 evolution of the healthcare regulatory and political framework; 
 uncertainty in the health care regulatory framework, including the potential impact of policy changes; 
 our ability to offer new and innovative products and services and our ability to keep pace with industry standards, technology and our partners needs; 

risks related to completed and future acquisitions, investments, alliances and joint ventures, which could divert management resources, result in unanticipated costs or dilute our stockholders; 
 the growth and success of our partners and certain revenues from our engagements, which are difficult to predict and are subject to factors outside of our control, including governmental funding reductions and other policy changes; 
 our ability to accurately predict our exposure under performance-based contracts; 
 risks relating to our ability to maintain profitability for our total cost of care and performance-based contracts and products, including capitation and risk-bearing contracts; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and maintain an efficient cost structure, and to successfully implement cost cutting measures; 
 changes in general economic conditions nationally and regionally in our markets, including increasing inflationary pressures and economic and business conditions and the impact thereof on the economy resulting from public health emergencies, epidemics, pandemics or contagious diseases; 
 risks related to the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds, which could reduce the amount of cash we have available to meet our cash commitments and make additional investments; 
 our ability to recover the significant upfront costs in our partner relationships and develop our partner relationships over time; 
 our ability to attract new partners and successfully capture new opportunities; 
 the increasing number of risk-sharing arrangements we enter into with our partners could limit or negatively impact our profitability; 
 our ability to estimate the size of our target markets for our services; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition; 
 consolidation in the health care industry; 
 competition which could limit our ability to maintain or expand market share within our industry; 
 risks related to audits by CMS and other governmental payers and actions, including whistleblower claims under the False Claims Act; 
 our ability to partner with providers due to exclusivity provisions in our contracts in some of our partner and founder contracts; 
 risks related to managing our offshore operations and cost reduction goals; 
 our ability to contain health care costs, implement increases in premium rates on a timely basis, maintain adequate reserves for policy benefits or maintain cost effective provider agreements; 
 our dependency on our key personnel, and our ability to attract, hire, integrate and retain key personnel; 
 the impact of additional goodwill and intangible asset impairments on our results of operations; 
 our indebtedness, our ability to service our indebtedness, and our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all; 
 our ability to achieve profitability in the future; 
 the impact of litigation proceedings, government inquiries, reviews, audits or investigations; 
 material weaknesses in the future may impact our ability to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective and we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements; 
 restrictions on the manner in which we access personal data and penalties as a result of privacy and data protection laws; 
 liabilities and reputational risks related to our ability to safeguard the security and privacy of confidential data; 
 data loss or corruption due to failures or errors in our systems and service disruptions at our data centers; 
 adequate protection of our intellectual property, including trademarks; 
 risks related to legal proceedings related to any alleged infringement, misappropriation or violation of third-party intellectual property rights; 
 our use of open source software; 
 our ability to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information; 
 our reliance on third parties and licensed technologies; 
 restrictions on our ability to use, disclose, de-identify or license data and to integrate third-party technologies; 
 our reliance on Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, data center providers, other third parties and our own systems for providing services to our partners and operating our business; 
 our reliance on third-party vendors to host and maintain our technology platform; 
 our obligations to make material payments to certain of our pre-IPO investors for certain tax benefits we may claim in the future; 
 our ability to utilize benefits under the tax receivables agreement described herein; 
 our obligations to make payments under the tax receivables agreement that may be accelerated or may exceed the tax benefits we realize; 
 the terms of agreements between us and certain of our pre-IPO investors may contain different terms than comparable agreement we may enter into with unaffiliated third parties; 

the conditional conversion features of the 2025 Notes and the 2029 Notes (as defined below), which, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; 
 interest rate risk under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) and the terms of our Cumulative Series A Convertible Preferred Shares, par value 0.01 per share Series A Preferred Stock 
 our debt following the NIA acquisition and our ability to meet our obligations; 
 our ability to service our debt and pay dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock; 
 the potential volatility of our Class A common stock price; 
 the potential decline of our Class A common stock price if a substantial number of shares are sold or become available for sale, including those issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock; 
 our Series A Preferred Stock has rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by and are preferential to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and could in the future substantially dilute the ownership interest of holders of our Class A common stock; 
 provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and provisions of Delaware law that discourage or prevent strategic transactions, including a takeover of us; 
 the ability of certain of our investors to compete with us without restrictions; 
 provisions in our certificate of incorporation which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees; and 
 our intention not to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock. 
 
 The risks included here are not exhaustive. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "2023 Form 10-K") and other documents filed with the SEC include additional factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. 
 
 Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report except to the extent expressly required by law. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted investments Accounts receivable, net (1) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash and restricted investments Investments and equity method investees Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets - operating Prepaid expenses and other noncurrent assets Contract cost assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable (1) 
 Accrued liabilities Operating lease liability - current Accrued compensation and employee benefits Deferred revenue Reserve for claims and performance - based arrangements Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Tax receivables agreement liability Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent Deferred tax liabilities, net Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 10) 
 par value; shares authorized; issued, respectively 
 Shareholders' Equity Class A common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares issued, respectively 
 ) ) 
 
 1 

Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and shareholders' equity 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (unaudited, in thousands, except per share data) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue (1) 
 Expenses Cost of revenue (1) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses Loss on disposal of non-strategic assets Right-of-use assets impairment Change in fair value of contingent consideration Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) from equity method investees ) ) Change in tax receivables agreement liability ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Loss before preferred dividends and accretion of Series A Preferred Stock ) ) ) ) Dividends and accretion of Series A Preferred Stock ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. Loss per common share Basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted Comprehensive loss Net loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, related to: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEZZANINE AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited, in thousands) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Mezzanine Equity Shareholders Equity Series A Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Restricted stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Mezzanine Equity Shareholders Equity Series A Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Restricted stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Exchange of 2024 Notes Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEZZANINE AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited, in thousands) 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Mezzanine Equity Shareholders Equity Series A Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Restricted stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Performance stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Mezzanine Equity Shareholders Equity Series A Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Restricted stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Performance stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Leveraged stock units vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) Exchange of 2024 Notes Shares issued for acquisition Class A common stock issued for payment of earn-outs Issuance of series A preferred stock, net of issuance costs Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited, in thousands) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities Net loss before preferred dividends and accretion of Series A preferred stock ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and restricted cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Change in fair value of contingent consideration Loss on disposal of non-strategic assets Loss (gain) from equity method investees ) Depreciation and amortization expenses Stock-based compensation expense Deferred tax benefit ) ) Amortization of contract cost assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Right-of-use asset impairment Change in tax receivables agreement liability Right-of-use operating assets Other current operating cash inflows (outflows), net ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net and contract assets ) Prepaid expenses and other current and non-current assets ) Contract cost assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accrued compensation and employee benefits ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Reserve for claims and performance-based arrangements ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash and restricted cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities Cash paid for asset acquisitions and business combinations ) ) Disposal of non-strategic assets and divestiture of discontinued operations, net Return of equity method investments Purchases of investments and contributions to equity method investees ) Investments in internal-use software and purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash and restricted cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows (Used In) Provided by Financing Activities Changes in working capital balances related to claims processing Payment of contingent consideration ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of offering costs ) Repayment of long-term debt ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of offering costs Payment of preferred dividends ) ) Taxes withheld and paid for vesting of equity awards ) ) Net cash and restricted cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of beginning-of-period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of end-of-period 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 million. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet its working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months as of the date the financial statements were issued. 
 
 We have operating segment and reportable segment as our chief operating decision maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of evaluating financial performance and allocating resources. 
 
 The Company s headquarters is located in Arlington, Virginia. 
 
 Evolent Health LLC Governance 

Note 2. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Certain GAAP policies that significantly affect the determination of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, are summarized below. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2 in our 2023 Form 10-K for a complete summary of our significant accounting policies. 
 
 8 

Restricted Cash and Restricted Investments 
 
 Collateral with financial institutions (2) 
 Claims processing services (3) 
 Total restricted cash and restricted investments Current restricted cash Total current restricted cash and restricted investments Non-current restricted cash Total non-current restricted cash and restricted investments 
 
 (1) Represents restricted cash related to collateral for letters of credit required in conjunction with lease agreements. See Note 11 for further discussion of our lease commitments. 
 (2) Represents collateral held with financial institutions for risk-sharing and other arrangements which are held in a FDIC participating bank account. See Note 17 for discussion of fair value measurement. 
 (3) Represents cash held by the Company related to claims processing services on behalf of partners. These are pass-through amounts and can fluctuate materially from period to period depending on the timing of when the claims are processed. 
 
 Restricted cash and restricted investments Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 9 

See Note 4 for additional discussion regarding business combinations. 

See Note 8 for additional discussion regarding the goodwill impairment test conducted during 2023 and review of qualitative factors for impairment during 2024. 
 
 months 
 Customer relationships - years 
 Technology years Provider network contracts - years 

As part of the organizational changes as a result of growth in our value-based specialty care business, we will sunset several corporate trade names and replace them with Evolent signifying our adoption and launch of a unified brand. As a result, we accelerated amortization such that all corporate trade names will be fully amortized by December 2024. 
 
 Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment if circumstances indicate the Company may not be able to recover the asset s carrying value. The Company evaluates recoverability by determining whether the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of that asset or group exceed the carrying value at the evaluation date. If the undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to cover the carrying value, the Company measures an impairment loss as the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or group over its fair value. See Note 8 for additional discussion regarding our intangible assets. 

10 

See Note 20 for additional discussion regarding our reserves for claims and performance-based arrangements. 
 
 and , respectively, of gross accounts receivable has been netted against claims payable in lieu of cash receipt. Furthermore, as of September 30, 2024, approximately of our accounts receivable, net could ultimately be settled on a net basis, once the criteria for netting have been met. Additionally, the Company offsets its accounts receivable and claims reserve under its total cost of care management solution. 
 
 or more options to renew or may have a termination option. The Company determines whether these options are reasonably certain to be exercised at the inception of the lease. The rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) over the terms of the respective leases. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. Further, the Company treats all lease and non-lease components as a single combined lease component for all classes of underlying assets. 
 
 The Company also enters into sublease agreements for some of its leased office space. Rental income attributable to subleases is immaterial and is offset against rent expense over the terms of the respective leases. 
 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets, which include operating lease right-of-use asset assets, for impairment when facts or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators are present and the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the carrying values are reduced to the estimated fair value. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows and external market data, as applicable. 
 
 Refer to Note 11 for additional lease disclosures. 
 
 11 

Note 3. 

Note 4. 
 
 million which included million of cash, million which was paid upon closing and million which was paid on November 1, 2024, as well as an earn-out consisting of additional consideration of up to million payable in cash or shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the election of the Company. As of August 1, 2024, the contingent consideration was fair valued at million. See Note 17 for additional information regarding the fair value determination of the earn-out consideration. 
 
 12 

Fair value of contingent consideration Total consideration Identifiable intangible assets acquired: Technology Total identifiable intangible assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accrued compensation and employee benefits Total liabilities assumed Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 Identifiable intangible assets associated with technology will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their preliminary estimated useful lives of years. The fair value of the intangible assets was determined using the replacement cost method which involves estimating an asset s value by the cost to replace the asset with a similar asset in a similar condition on the closing date of the transaction. Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the total consideration and the fair value of the net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 National Imaging Associates Inc. 
 On January 20, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of NIA, including all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of NIA as well as certain assets held by Magellan Health, Inc. Magellan and certain of its subsidiaries that were used in the Magellan Specialty Health division. NIA is a specialty benefit management organization that focuses on managing cost and quality in the areas of radiology, musculoskeletal, physical medicine and genetics. The transaction is expected to accelerate our strategy to become a leading provider of value-based specialty care solutions as well as diversify our revenue streams with a larger customer portfolio. 
 Total acquisition consideration, net of cash on hand and certain closing adjustments, was million, based on the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on the NYSE on January 20, 2023. The acquisition consideration consisted of approximately million of cash consideration (inclusive of certain post-closing adjustments), million shares of the Company s Class A common stock, fair valued at million as of January 20, 2023, and an earn-out consisting of additional consideration of up to million payable in cash and, at the Company s election, up to in shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Contingent Consideration ). As of January 20, 2023, the Contingent Consideration was fair valued at million. See Note 17 for additional information regarding the fair value determination of the earn-out consideration. 
 
 13 

Fair value of Class A common stock issued Fair value of contingent consideration Total consideration Tangible assets acquired: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total tangible assets acquired Identifiable intangible assets acquired: Customer relationships Technology Corporate trade name Total identifiable intangible assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accrued liabilities Accrued compensation and employee benefits Deferred tax liabilities, net Deferred revenue Total liabilities assumed Goodwill (1) 
 Net assets acquired 
 million of measurement period adjustments of million in reductions due to goodwill written off upon disposal of non-strategic assets subsequent to March 31, 2023. 
 
 The fair value of the receivables acquired, as shown in the table above, approximates the gross contractual amounts and is expected to be collectible in full. Identifiable intangible assets associated with customer relationships, technology and the corporate trade name will be amortized on a straight-line basis over their preliminary estimated useful lives of years, years, and years, respectively. The customer relationships are primarily attributable to existing contracts with current customers. The technology consists primarily of proprietary software that supports NIA s core business applications and specialty business. The corporate trade name reflects the value that we believe the NIA brand name carries in the market, however due to organization changes we will retire the NIA trade name by December 2024. The fair value of the intangible assets was determined using the income approach and the relief from royalty approach. The income approach estimates fair value for an asset based on the present value of cash flows projected to be generated by the asset. Projected cash flows are discounted at a required rate of return that reflects the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. The relief from royalty approach estimates the fair value of an asset by calculating how much an entity would have to spend to lease a similar asset. Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the total consideration and the fair value of the net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition. The Company received carryover tax basis in the assets and liabilities acquired; accordingly, the Company recognized net deferred tax liabilities associated with the difference between the book basis and the tax basis for the assets and liabilities acquired. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Additionally, a tax benefit of million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2023, to account for the valuation allowance release primarily related to the acquired intangible assets, which resulted in a deferred tax liability that provided a source of income supporting realization of other deferred tax assets. 

14 

Note 5. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 Medicare Commercial and other Total Performance Suite Specialty Technology and Services Suite Administrative Services Cases Total 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 For contracts with a term greater than one year, we have allocated approximately million of transaction price to performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of September 30, 2024. We do not include variable consideration that is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation accounted for under the series guidance in the calculation. As a result, the balance 
 15 

and of these remaining performance obligations by December 31, 2024 and 2025 respectively. However, because our existing contracts may be canceled or renegotiated including for reasons outside our control, the amount of revenue that we actually receive may be more or less than this estimate and the timing of recognition may not be as expected. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 Contract balances consist of accounts receivable, contract assets and deferred revenue. Contract assets are recorded when the right to consideration for services is conditional on something other than the passage of time. Contract assets relating to unbilled receivables are transferred to accounts receivable when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. We classify contract assets as current or non-current based on the timing of our rights to the unconditional payments. Our contract assets are generally classified as current and recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Our current accounts receivables are classified within accounts receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheets and our non-current accounts receivable are classified within prepaid expenses and other non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Deferred revenue includes advance customer payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. We classify deferred revenue as current or non-current based on the timing of when we expect to recognize revenue. Our current deferred revenue is recorded within deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets and non-current deferred revenue is recorded within other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Short-term deferred revenue Long-term deferred revenue 
 
 (1) Excludes pharmacy rebate receivable and pharmacy claims receivable. 
 
 Changes in deferred revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Deferred revenue Balance as of beginning-of-period Reclassification to revenue, as a result of performance obligations satisfied ) Cash received in advance of satisfaction of performance obligations Balance as of end of period 
 
 The amount of revenue, excluding customer discounts of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, recognized from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in a previous period was ) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, due primarily to retroactive contract amendments offset by net gain share as well as changes in other estimates. 
 
 Contract Cost Assets 
 
 Certain bonuses and commissions earned by our sales team are considered incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer that we expect to be recoverable. The capitalized contract acquisition costs are classified as non-current assets and recorded within contract cost assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense is recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of contract acquisition cost assets, net of accumulated amortization recorded in contract cost assets on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company recorded amortization expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In our revenue contracts, we incur certain costs related to the implementation of our platform before we begin to satisfy our performance obligation to the customer. The costs, which we expect to recover, are considered costs to fulfill a contract. Our contract 
 16 

million and million, respectively, of contract fulfillment cost assets, net of accumulated amortization recorded in contract cost assets on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company recorded amortization expense including the acceleration of amortization of contract costs for certain customers of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 These costs are deferred and then amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of benefit that we have determined to be the shorter of the contract term or . The period of benefit is based on our technology, the nature of our partner arrangements and other factors. 

Note 6. 
 
 Past due 1-60 days Past due 61+ days Accounts receivable, net of allowance ) Acquisitions ) Provision for credit losses ) ) Charge-offs (1) 
 Balance as of end of period ) ) 
 
 (1) Charge offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are due primarily to balances written-off that were previously reserved. 
 
 17 

Note 7. 
 
 Furniture and equipment Internal-use software development costs Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation expense ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 The Company capitalized million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, of internal-use software development costs. The net book value of capitalized internal-use software development costs was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, of which amortization expense related to capitalized internal-use software development costs was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Note 8. 
 
 reporting unit due to the economic similarity of the services provided to our partners. Based on our qualitative assessment, we did not 
 18 

Goodwill acquired (1) 
 Measurement period adjustment ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, end of period 

Intangible Assets, Net 
 
 Customer relationships Technology Below market lease, net Provider network contracts Total intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future amortization of intangible assets 
 
 As part of the organizational changes as a result of growth in our value-based specialty care business, we will sunset several corporate trade names and replace them with Evolent signifying our adoption and launch of a unified brand. As a result, we accelerated amortization such that all corporate trade names will be fully amortized by December 2024. 
 19 

20 

Note 9. 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 in August 2020 (the 2024 Notes in privately negotiated exchange and/or subscription agreements, million aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 in October 2018 (the 2025 Notes in private placements to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act and million aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 in December 2023 (the 2029 Notes, and together with the 2024 Notes and 2025 Notes, the Convertible Senior Notes ), in private placements to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. All 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes will mature on the date in the table below, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their respective terms prior to such date. As of October 13, 2023, 2024 Notes remained outstanding. 
 
 The Convertible Senior Notes are recorded on our accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their net carrying values. All of our Convertible Senior Notes also have embedded conversion options and contingent interest provisions, which have not been recorded as separate financial instruments and their fair values are Level 2 inputs. Refer to Note 17 for additional discussion on the fair value classifications of our Convertible Senior Notes. 
 
 The 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Company's Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company's Class A common stock, at the Company's election, based on an initial conversion rate of Class A common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of the Company s Class A common stock. In the aggregate, the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes are initially convertible into million shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The conversion rate may be adjusted under certain circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash or shares of the Company s Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s Class A common stock, at the Company s election. 
 
 Interest rate per annum Debt issuance costs Net proceeds Issuance date October 22, 2018 December 8, 2023 Maturity date October 15, 2025 December 1, 2029 Interest payment dates (1) 
 April 15 and October 15 June 1 and December 1 Conversion rate per 1,000 of principal 29.9135 26.3125 Conversion price Shares issuable upon conversion (2) 
 Carrying value Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs Outstanding principal Remaining amortization period (years) Fair value (3) 

(1) Holders of the Convertible Senior Notes are entitled to cash payments, which are payable semiannually in arrears on the dates indicated above. 
 (2) Measured in shares of the Company s Class A common stock and represents the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock that the Convertible Senior Notes are convertible into as of September 30, 2024. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash or shares of the Company s Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s Class A common stock, at the Company s election. 
 (3) Fair values for notes are derived from available trading prices closest to the respective balance sheet date. 
 
 Holders of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or part of their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a price equal to of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2025 
 21 

of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding April 15, 2025, the 2025 Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. At any time on or after April 15, 2025, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the 2025 Notes may convert, at their option, all or any portion of their 2025 Notes at the conversion rate. 
 
 The Company may not redeem the 2029 Notes prior to December 6, 2026. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2029 Notes, at its option, on or after December 6, 2026, if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 1, 2029, the 2029 Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. At any time on or after September 1, 2029, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the 2029 Notes may convert, at their option, all or any portion of their 2029 Notes at the conversion rate. 
 
 2024 Notes Exchange and Redemption 
 
 On August 2, 2023, the Company issued a notice of redemption to the holders of its outstanding 2024 Notes, pursuant to which it redeemed the outstanding 2024 Notes for cash at a price of of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on October 13, 2023 (the Redemption Date ). Prior to the Redemption Date, holders of the 2024 Notes were entitled to convert to shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a rate of 55.6153 shares per 1,000 principal amount of 2024 Notes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, holders of the 2024 Notes converted million in aggregate principal amount of such notes to million shares of the Company s Class A common stock and the Company repaid the remaining million balance in cash, satisfying all of the Company s remaining payment obligations under the 2024 Notes on the Redemption Date. 
 
 2029 Notes Issuance 
 
 In December 2023, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its 2029 Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act. The 2029 Notes were issued at an issue price of of par for net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting fees and estimated expenses. We incurred million of debt issuance costs in connection with the 2029 Notes. 
 
 2022 Credit Agreement 
 
 On August 1, 2022 (the IPG Closing Date ), the Company entered into a credit agreement, by and among the Company, Evolent Health LLC, as the borrower (the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Ares Capital Corporation Ares ), as administrative agent, collateral agent and revolver agent (the Existing Credit Agreement and as modified by the Amendment (defined below), the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the lenders agreed to extend credit to the Borrower in the form of (i) initial term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Initial Term Loan Facility and (ii) revolving credit commitments in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Initial Revolving Facility ), the availability of which shall be determined by reference to the lesser of million and a borrowing base calculation. The Borrowers borrowed full amount under the Initial Term Loan Facility and the Initial Revolving Facility on the IPG Closing Date. 
 22 

of the aggregate amount of the commitments in respect of the Initial Term Loan Facility and (b) of the aggregate amount of the commitments in respect of the Initial Revolving Facility was paid as of the IPG Closing Date. 
 
 On January 20, 2023, the NIA Closing Date ), the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment ), pursuant to which the lenders agreed to extend credit to the Borrower in the form of (i) additional revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount equal to million (the Incremental Revolving Facility and together with the Initial Revolving Facility, the Revolving Facility ), and (ii) additional term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to million, (the Incremental Term Loan Facility and together with the Initial Term Loan Facility, the Term Loan Facility the Revolving Facility and the Term Loan Facility are collectively referred to herein as the Credit Facilities ). The Borrowers borrowed the full amount under the Incremental Term Loan Facility and the Incremental Revolving Facility on the NIA Closing Date to finance, together with the proceeds from the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, the cash consideration payable in connection with the NIA acquisition on the NIA Closing Date and pay transaction fees and expenses. A closing fee of (a) of the aggregate amount of the commitments in respect of the Incremental Term Loan Facility and (b) of the aggregate amount of the commitments in respect of the Incremental Revolving Facility was paid as of the NIA Closing Date. 
 
 On December 5, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement pursuant to which the lenders agreed to certain mechanical changes necessary to permit issuance by the Company of additional unsecured convertible notes. 
 
 The Credit Facilities are guaranteed by the Company and the Company s domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain customary exceptions. The Credit Facilities are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the capital stock of each borrower and guarantor (other than the Company) and substantially all of the assets of each borrower and guarantor, subject to certain customary exceptions. 
 
 All loans under the Credit Facilities will mature on the date that is the earliest of (a) the sixth anniversary of the NIA Closing Date, (b) the date on which the commitments are voluntarily terminated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, (c) the date on which all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable under the terms of the Credit Agreement and (d) the date that is ninety-one ) days prior to the maturity date of any Junior Debt (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) unless certain liquidity conditions are satisfied. 
 
 The interest rate for the Loans is calculated, at the option of the Borrowers, (a) in the case of the Term Loan Facility, at either the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus , or the base rate plus and (b) in the case of the Revolving Facility, at either the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus , or the base rate plus . 
 
 Amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities may be prepaid at the option of the Company, subject to the following prepayment premium (the Prepayment Premium (subject to certain thresholds and carve outs): (1) of the principal amount so prepaid after the NIA Closing Date but prior to the first anniversary of the NIA Closing Date; (2) of the principal amount so prepaid after the first anniversary of the closing but prior to the second anniversary of the NIA Closing Date; (3) of the principal amount so prepaid after the second anniversary of the NIA Closing Date but prior to the third anniversary of the NIA Closing Date; and (4) of the principal amount so prepaid on or after the third anniversary of the NIA Closing Date. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility are subject to mandatory prepayment upon the occurrence of certain events and conditions, including non-ordinary course asset dispositions, receipt of certain casualty proceeds, issuances of certain debt obligations and a change of control transaction, in each case, subject to application of the Prepayment Premium. The Prepayment Premium is also applicable upon any voluntary prepayment of the Term Loan Facility and any voluntary reduction or termination in the Revolving Facility. 
 
 The Borrowers will pay an unused line fee equal to times the result of (i) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Facility, less (ii) the average Revolving Facility usage during the immediately preceding month (or portion thereof), which fee shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears, on the first day of each calendar quarter from and after the IPG Closing Date and on the date on which (X) the Credit Facilities are paid in full in cash and (y) the Revolving Facility is otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Credit Facilities contain customary borrowing conditions, affirmative, negative and reporting covenants, representations and warranties, and events of default, including cross-defaults to other material indebtedness. If an event of default occurs, the lenders would be entitled to take enforcement action, including foreclosure on collateral and acceleration of amounts owed under the Loans. We incurred million of debt issuance costs in connection with the Loans, which was included in long-term debt, net of discount on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized into interest expense over the life of the Credit Agreement. 
 23 

million under the Revolving Facility and million of the Term Loan Facility that was utilized to acquire IPG and NIA. The total amount paid to Ares under the Credit Agreement in connection with the prepayment was million, which included million of principal, million in accrued interest and million in prepayment premium. As of September 30, 2024, there is million outstanding under the Company s Revolving Facility. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Interest expense for 2029 Notes 2022 Credit Agreement Interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Interest expense for 2022 Credit Agreement 2024 Notes Interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Interest expense for 2024 Notes 2025 Notes Interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Interest expense for 2025 Notes 

Note 10. 
 
 million and million, respectively, for the benefit of regulatory authorities, real estate and risk-sharing agreements. As such, we held million and million, respectively, in restricted cash and restricted investments as collateral as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, inclusive of accrued interest. The letters of credit have current expiration dates between November 2024 and December 2025 and will automatically extend without amendment for an additional period and will continue to automatically extend after each term from the expiry date unless the bank elects not to extend beyond the initial or any extended expiry date. 
 
 Indemnifications 
 
 The Company s customer agreements generally include a provision by which the Company agrees to defend its partners against third-party claims (a) for death, bodily injury, or damage to personal property caused by Company negligence or willful misconduct, (b) by former or current Company employees arising from such managed service agreements, (c) for intellectual property infringement under specified conditions and (d) for Company violation of applicable laws, and to indemnify them against any damages and costs awarded in connection with such claims. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnities and has not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 24 

of the Company s customers. 
 
 Tax Receivables Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Offering Reorganization, the Company entered into the Tax Receivables Agreement (the TRA with certain of its investors, which provides for the payment by the Company to these investors of of the amount of the tax benefits, if any, that the Company is deemed to realize as a result of increases in our tax basis related to exchanges of Class B common units as well as tax benefits attributable to the future utilization of pre-IPO NOLs. 
 
 The Company recognized a TRA liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which represents the Company s estimate of the aggregate amount that it will pay under the TRA. 
 
 We will assess the realizability of the deferred tax assets at each reporting period, and a change in our estimate of our liability associated with the tax receivables agreement may result as additional information becomes available, including results of operations in future periods. The total amount of the TRA liability may vary due to changes in federal and state income tax rates and availability of net operating losses. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Litigation Matters 
 
 We are engaged from time to time in certain legal disputes arising in the ordinary course of business, including employment claims. When the likelihood of a loss contingency becomes probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the loss contingency. We continue to review accruals and adjust them to reflect ongoing negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other relevant information. To the extent new information is obtained, and our views on the probable outcomes of claims, suits, assessments, investigations or legal proceedings change, changes in our accrued liabilities would be recorded in the period in which such determination is made. 
 
 On June 8, 2021, a shareholder of the Company filed a derivative action in the Delaware Chancery Court against some current and former Board members and against the Company as a nominal defendant, alleging that the Company s Board was negligent in its oversight of the Company s relationship with University Healthcare, Inc d/b/a Passport Health Plan. The case is Lincolnshire Police Pension Fund, derivatively on behalf of Evolent Health, Inc., v. Blackley, Williams, Scott, Holder, Farner, D Amato, Duffy, Felt, Samet, Hobart, and Payson, and Evolent Health, Inc. Derivative Action ). The Company and the Director-Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on August 27, 2021, and Plaintiffs responded by filing an amended complaint on October 26, 2021. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on December 17, 2021. Plaintiffs filed a motion to dismiss the case without prejudice, which was granted by the Delaware Chancery Court on January 5, 2023. On April 6, 2023, a shareholder of the Company sent a letter to the Company s Board (the Demand requesting that the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), among other things, investigate alleged wrongdoing and commence litigation for breach of fiduciary duty against the individuals 
 25 

of our million of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted investments were held in either bank deposits with FDIC participating banks or overnight sweep accounts invested in money-market funds and approximately were held in international banks. While the Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions with high credit ratings, it often maintains these deposits in federally insured financial institutions in excess of federally insured limits. The Company is closely monitoring ongoing events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally. The Company has not experienced any realized losses on cash and cash equivalents to date; however, no assurances can be provided. 
 
 The Company is also subject to significant concentration of accounts receivable risk as a substantial portion of our trade accounts receivable is derived from a small number of our partners. 
 
 Center for Medicare Medicaid Services 
 
 Represents less than 10.0 of the respective balance. 
 
 In addition, the Company is subject to significant concentration of revenue risk as a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of contractual relationships with our partners. 
 
 Florida Blue Medicare, Inc. Humana Insurance Company Molina Healthcare, Inc. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina 
 
 Represents less than 10.0 of the respective balance. 

Note 11. 
 
 or more options to renew or may have a termination option. The Company determines whether these options are reasonably certain to be exercised or not at the inception of the lease. In addition, some leases contain escalation clauses. The rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) over the term of the lease. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 26 

million and million in letters of credit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held million and million in restricted cash and restricted investments on the consolidated balance sheet as collateral for the letters of credit, respectively. 
 
 The Company terminated a portion of its previous headquarters lease in Arlington, VA effective December 31, 2023 and recognized the impact of a million termination penalty in its operating lease liability - current on its consolidated balance sheet. The termination payment consisted of payments of million that were paid on October 1, 2023 and April 1, 2024. In addition, the Company terminated the remainder of its previous headquarters lease in Arlington, VA effective March 27, 2024 and paid a million termination penalty on April 1, 2024. 
 
 Edison, NJ Makati City, Philippines Alpharetta, GA Pune, India Brea, CA 
 
 (1) Amounts required under the letter of credit for our previous headquarters lease in Arlington, VA until March 2025. 
 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 27 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term 

Note 12. 
 
 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, par value (the Series A Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per share, resulting in total gross proceeds to the Company of million. The proceeds from the offer and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock were used, together with the proceeds from the Incremental Revolving Facility and Incremental Term Loan Facility, to finance the cash consideration payable at Closing and pay transaction fees and expenses. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior with respect to dividend and liquidation rights to the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share and all future series of the Company s preferred stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has an initial liquidation preference of per share. 
 
 Regular dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will be paid quarterly in cash in arrears at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Certificate of Designation of the of the Series A Preferred Stock filed by the Company with the Delaware Secretary of State on January 19, 2023 (the Certificate of Designation )) plus . The liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock will increase on the last day of each calendar quarter by the amount of any accrued and unpaid regular dividends that have not been paid in cash on the relevant dividend payment date. The regular dividend rate will also increase by per annum upon the occurrence and during the continuance of certain triggering events, including a breach of the protective covenants contained in the Investor Rights Agreement or the Company s failure to pay any regular dividends in cash. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are also entitled to participate in and receive any dividends declared or paid on the Class A Common Stock on an as-converted basis. 
 
 Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock has the right, at its option, to convert its shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock at an initial conversion price per share of of the then-current liquidation preference per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 
 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote on any matters, except as required by law and for certain consent rights set forth in the Certificate of Designation. 
 
 The Company may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at its option prior to January 20, 2025. At any time on or after January 20, 2025, the Company may redeem any or all of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding for cash at a redemption price per share equal to of the then-current liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock being redeemed. 
 28 

of the then-current liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred Stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock being redeemed. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a refinancing or replacement of the entirety of the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement prior to its maturity that is provided solely by lenders who are not affiliates or approved funds of Ares, the Company will be required to redeem all shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding for cash at a redemption price per share equal to of the then-current liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock being redeemed, plus, solely in the event such refinancing or replacement is consummated prior to January 20, 2025, the aggregate amount of dividends per share which would have otherwise been payable on the Series A Preferred Stock from the date of redemption until January 20, 2025. 
 
 If the Company undergoes a Change of Control (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Company will be required to redeem all shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding for cash at a price per share equal to the greater of (x) of the then-current liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred Stock, if such redemption occurs prior to January 20, 2025, and of the then-current liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred Stock, if such redemption occurs on or after January 20, 2025, and (y) the value of the Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, which value shall be determined based on the value attributed to the Class A Common Stock in connection with such Change of Control. 
 
 In connection with the NIA closing, the Company entered into an Investors Rights Agreement with the Purchasers named in Schedule I thereto (the Investors Rights Agreement ). The Investors Rights Agreement contains certain restrictions on the transfer of the Series A Preferred Stock and certain protective covenants in favor of the Purchasers. These covenants include, among other things, covenants limiting the incurrence of Funded Debt (as defined in the Investors Rights Agreement), the ability to make restricted payments and the ability to issue additional indebtedness senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Each of these covenants is subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Investors Rights Agreement. 
 
 In connection with the NIA closing, on January 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Stockholders named in Schedule I thereto, which granted certain registration rights to Ares in respect of the shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 June 30, 2024 6/28/2024 March 31, 2024 3/28/2024 September 30, 2023 9/28/2023 June 30, 2023 6/27/2023 March 31, 2023 3/28/2023 
 
 29 

Note 13. ) ) ) Dividends and accretion of Series A Preferred Stock ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Loss per common share Basic and diluted 
 Basic net loss per common share is calculated using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net earnings per common share, if any, gives effect to diluted stock options (calculated based on the treasury stock method), shares issuable upon debt conversion (calculated using an as-if converted method). 
 
 Stock options Series A Preferred Stock Convertible senior notes Total 

Note 14. 
 
 RSUs LSUs PSUs Total compensation expense by award type Line Item Cost of revenue Selling, general and administrative expenses Total compensation expense by financial statement line item 
 
 30 

stock-based compensation was capitalized as software development costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 PSUs 

Note 15. 
 
 million and million was recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which resulted in effective tax rates of and , respectively. An income tax benefit of million and million was recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which resulted in effective tax rates of and , respectively. The income tax benefit recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily relates to the expected tax effect of net losses, partially offset by state and foreign taxes. The income tax benefit recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily relates to the reduction in the valuation allowance resulting from deferred tax liabilities established as part of the NIA acquisition accounting, partially offset by state and foreign taxes. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of million that, if recognized, would affect the overall effective tax rate. The Company is not currently subject to any material income tax audits in any U.S., state, or foreign jurisdictions for any tax year. 
 
 Tax Receivables Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Offering Reorganization, the Company entered into the TRA with certain of its investors, which provides for the payment by the Company to these investors of of the amount of the tax benefits that the Company is deemed to realize as a result of increases in our tax basis related to exchanges of Class B common units as well as tax benefits attributable to the future utilization of pre-IPO NOLs. See Note 10 above for discussion of our TRA. 

Note 16. 
 
 million. The Company evaluates its interests in these entities to determine whether they meet the definition of a VIE and whether the Company is required to consolidate these entities. A VIE is consolidated by its primary beneficiary, which is the party that has both (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and (ii) a variable interest that could potentially be significant to the VIE. To determine whether or not a variable interest the Company holds could potentially be significant to the VIE, the Company considers both qualitative and quantitative factors regarding the nature, size and form of the Company's involvement with the VIE. The Company has determined that its interests in these entities meet the definition of a variable interest, however, the Company is not the primary beneficiary since it does not have the power to direct activities, therefore, the Company did not consolidate the VIEs. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s economic interests in its equity method investments ranged between and , and voting interests in its equity method investments ranged between and . The Company determined that it has significant influence over these entities but that it does not have control over any of the entities. Accordingly, the investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and the Company is allocated its proportional share of the entities earnings and losses for each reporting period. The Company s proportional share of the gain (loss) from these investments was approximately ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 31 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Investments 
 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to invest million in future equity notes. Investment in future equity notes without readily determinable fair values are accounted for as cost method investments. The Company has elected to apply the measurement alternative to measure the investment at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not record any unrealized gains or losses resulting from observable price changes of future equity notes without readily determinable fair values. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying amount of the investment was million. 

Note 17. 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, certain assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 
 Total fair value of liabilities measured on a recurring basis 
 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities Contingent consideration (2) 
 Total fair value of liabilities measured on a recurring basis 
 
 (1) Represents the earn-out consideration related to the Machinify transaction as described in Note 4. 

The Company recognizes any transfers between levels within the hierarchy as of the beginning of the reporting period. There were no transfers between fair value levels for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 32 

million was paid in cash during the second quarter of 2024. The acquisition of Machinify also includes an earn-out based on the achievement of certain measures including specific contract renewals prior to December 31, 2024, Machinify Auth volume and performance results through March 31, 2025 and revenue results through July 30, 2025. Consideration of up to million is payable in cash or shares at Evolent s discretion. 
 
 Additions Settlements ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration Balance as of end of period 
 
 Real options approach Risk-neutral expected earnout consideration Discount rate 

December 31, 2023 Fair Valuation Significant Assumption or Value Technique Unobservable Inputs Input Ranges Contingent consideration N/A Contractual terms 

See Note 9 for information regarding the fair value of the 2025 and 2029 Notes. 
 
 33 

Note 18. 
 Liabilities Accounts payable 
 
 The following table presents revenues and expenses attributable to our related parties (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Expenses Cost of revenue Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Note 19. 
 
 34 

Dedicated employee costs Professional services Office space consolidation Total 

Note 20. 

35 

Incurred health care costs: Current year to date period (1) 
 Prior year to date period ) ) Total claims incurred Claims paid related to: Current year to date period ) ) Prior year to date period ) ) Total claims paid ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 (1) Incurred health care costs related to the current year include a true-down in claims expense of million for one of our Performance Suite customers related to a narrowed scope of services in select markets retroactive to the beginning of the year. 

Note 21. 
 
 Accrued expenses from acquisition of Machinify Increase/decrease to goodwill from measurement period adjustments/business combinations ) Class A common stock issued in connection with business combinations Class A common stock issued in connection with debt repayment Effects of leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Leased assets disposed of (obtained in) exchange for operating lease liabilities ) 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our interim consolidated financial statements presented in Part I Item 1. Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q; our 2023 Form 10-K, including the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our current reports on Form 8-K filed in 2024. 

INTRODUCTION 

Business Overview 
 
 We are a market leader in connecting care for people with complex conditions like cancer, cardiovascular disease, and musculoskeletal diagnoses. We work on behalf of health plans and other risk-bearing entities and payers (our customers) to support physicians and other healthcare providers (our users) in providing high quality evidence-based care to their patients. We believe adherence to 
 36 

evidence-based clinical pathways supports better outcomes for patients, a better experience for physicians, and lower costs for the healthcare system overall. 
 
 Specialty care represents a significant and fast-growing portion of healthcare costs in the U.S., driven in part by the pace of development of new therapies and treatments. To manage these increasing costs, some health plans and other risk-bearing entities historically deployed cost containment strategies that can limit access to care and operate in narrow silos (for example, prior authorization for radiological studies being considered independently from a comprehensive chemotherapy regimen). We believe Evolent can bring an integrated approach to a patient s condition across multiple specialties, using technology to recommend our evidence-based clinical pathways in a way that provides rapid feedback to the provider, seeks to remove barriers to care, and aligns financial incentives with the best evidence. 
 
 We were an early innovator in value-based care, founded in 2011 by members of our management team, UPMC, an integrated delivery system based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and The Advisory Board Company. 
 
 All of our revenue is recognized in the United States and substantially all of our long-lived assets are located in the United States. 

Recent Events 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 On August 1, 2024, the Company completed its acquisition of certain assets of Machinify, Inc. and the exclusive, perpetual and royalty-free license of Machinify Auth, Machinify ), a software platform that leverages the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The acquisition consideration was 28.5 million which included 19.5 million of cash, 11.0 million which was paid upon closing and 8.5 million which was paid on November 1, 2024, as well as an earn-out consisting of additional consideration of up to 12.5 million payable in cash or shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the election of the Company. See Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 4 in this Form 10-Q for more information related to the acquisition of Machinify. 
 Industry Climate 
 
 Our results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were impacted by higher-than-expected medical costs in our specialty Performance Suite business versus our previous expectations. This included two components: 
 
 Some of our partners submitted new claims data to us that we received and processed from September through early November. These data files included higher expenses for claims paid in quarters than what these partners had previously submitted to us. 
 The third quarter saw an acceleration in specialty pharmacy costs industry-wide, particularly in oncology, as referenced by many of the largest health insurers in the country. 
 
 We believe the high medical cost inflation in the third quarter in our specialty Performance Suite was driven by a confluence of factors, including significant increases in disease prevalence, Medicaid redetermination-based adverse selection, rapid increases in unit costs, post-COVID acuity increases and provider coding intensity. We are unable to predict how these broader dynamics will impact our business and results of operations in the future. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 We experience pricing pressures in the form of competitive prices in addition to rising costs for certain inflation-sensitive operating expenses such as labor, employee benefits and facility leases. We do not believe these impacts were material to our revenues or net income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. However, significant sustained inflation driven by the macroeconomic environment or other factors could negatively impact our margins, profitability and results of operations in future periods. 
 
 37 

Customers 
 
 The following table summarizes those partners who represented at least 10.0 of our consolidated revenue: 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cook County Health and Hospitals System 11.6 15.7 11.3 16.8 Florida Blue Medicare, Inc. 13.2 12.8 10.9 Humana Insurance Company 14.2 13.7 19.3 Molina Healthcare, Inc. 14.9 12.9 13.0 14.2 Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina 10.8 
 
 Represents less than 10.0 of the respective balance. 
 
 Repositioning Costs 
 
 During the second quarter of 2023, the Company implemented a broad set of repositioning initiatives designed to further align the Company s assets and talent towards the value-based specialty care opportunity, with the intent of streamlining its operations and supporting the goal of realizing long-term sustainable earnings growth (the 2023 Repositioning Plan ). These initiatives include making organizational changes across the business that resulted in severance, terminated benefits and related payroll taxes and dedicated employee costs associated with recent acquisitions as well as third-party professional fees. Dedicated employee costs primarily include project management and technology staff costs needed to migrate acquired businesses to Evolent s integrated technology platform and costs related to the consolidation of brands, internal operations, strategies, processes and platforms. Dedicated employee costs are limited to employees that will have no role in ongoing operations and have no planned role at Evolent once the repositioning activities are completed. Professional services costs primarily relate to services provided by a third-party vendor to review our operating model and organizational design in order to improve our profitability, create value through our solutions and invest in strategic opportunities in future periods. Office space consolidation includes early termination penalties and associated expenses. Costs associated with the 2023 Reposition Plan were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The 2023 Repositioning Plan was completed during the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of our total costs associated with our repositioning plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, by major type of cost (in thousands): 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cumulative Amount Incurred Through September 30, 2024 
 Severance and termination benefits 1,835 10,399 Dedicated employee costs 1,185 8,085 Professional services 4,127 17,038 Office space consolidation 3,452 10,314 Total 10,599 45,836 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Certain GAAP policies that significantly affect the determination of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, are summarized below. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2 in our 2023 Form 10-K for a complete summary of our significant accounting policies. 
 Goodwill 
 We recognize the excess of the purchase price plus the fair value of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed at least annually for indications of impairment, with consideration given to financial performance and other relevant factors. We perform impairment tests of goodwill at a reporting 
 38 

unit level. We perform impairment tests between annual tests if an event occurs, or circumstances change, that we believe would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. 
 Our goodwill impairment analysis first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances existed that would lead the Company to conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is below its carrying amount. Qualitative factors include macroeconomic, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, industry, legal and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. Additionally, as part of this assessment, we may perform a quantitative analysis to support the qualitative factors above by applying sensitivities to assumptions and inputs used in measuring our reporting unit s fair value. 
 If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is below the carrying amount, a quantitative goodwill assessment is required. In the quantitative evaluation, the fair value is determined and compared to the carrying value. If the fair value is greater than the carrying value, then the carrying value is deemed to be recoverable and no further action is required. If the fair value estimate is less than the carrying value, goodwill is considered impaired for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value and a charge is reported in goodwill impairment on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). We use both a discounted cash flow analysis and market multiple analysis in order to estimate the fair value of our reporting unit. The discounted cash flow analysis relies on significant judgement and assumptions about expected future cash flows, weighted-average cost of capital, discount rates, expected long-term growth rates and operating margins. These assumptions are based on estimates of future revenue and earnings after considering such factors as general economic and market conditions which drive key assumptions of revenue growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures and working capital requirements. The weighted average cost of capital is based on market-based factors/inputs but also considers the specific risk characteristics of the reporting unit s cash flow forecast. A significant change to these estimates and assumptions could cause the estimated fair values of our reporting unit and intangible assets to decline and increase the risk of an impairment charge to earnings. Intangible assets with finite lives are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 On October 31, 2023, the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment review for fiscal year 2023. In addition, the Company underwent organizational changes which required a reassessment of reporting units. As a result, the Company determined it has one reporting unit due to the economic similarity of the services provided to our partners. Based on our qualitative assessment, we did not identify sufficient indicators of impairment that would suggest the fair value of our reporting unit was below its respective carrying values. As a result, a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis was not required. We did not identify any qualitative factors that would trigger a quantitative goodwill impairment test during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We will perform our annual impairment test of October 31, 2024. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Evolent Health, Inc. is a holding company and its principal asset is all of the Class A common units in Evolent Health LLC, which has owned all of our operating assets and substantially all of our business since inception. The financial results of Evolent Health LLC are consolidated in the financial statements of Evolent Health, Inc. 
 
 Key Components of our Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Our revenue contracts are typically multi-year arrangements with customers to provide solutions designed to lower the medical expenses of our partners and include our total cost of care management and specialty care management services solutions, provide comprehensive health plan operations and claims processing services, and also include transition or run-out services to customers. 
 
 Our performance obligation in these arrangements is to provide an integrated suite of services, including access to our platform that is customized to meet the specialized needs of our partners and providers. Generally, we will apply the series guidance to the performance obligation as we have determined that each time increment is distinct. We primarily utilize a variable fee structure for these services that typically includes a monthly payment that is calculated based on a specified per member per month rate, multiplied by the number of members that our partners are managing under a value-based care arrangement or a percentage of plan premiums. Our arrangements may also include other variable fees related to service level agreements, shared medical savings arrangements and other performance measures. Variable consideration is estimated using the most likely amount based on our historical experience and best judgment at the time. 
 
 We also deploy our services in capitation arrangements under our specialty care management solution and total cost of care solution, which we call the Performance Suite. Capitation arrangements under the Performance Suite may include performance-based arrangements and/or gainshare features. We occasionally use third parties to assist in satisfying our performance obligations. In order 
 39 

to determine whether we are the principal or agent in the arrangement, we review each third-party relationship on a contract-by- contract basis. As we integrate goods and services provided by third parties into our overall service, we control the services provided to the customer prior to its delivery. As such, we are the principal and we will recognize revenue on a gross basis. In certain cases, we act as an agent and do not control the services from third parties before it is delivered to the customer, thereby recognizing revenue on a net basis. 
 
 Due to the nature of our arrangements, certain estimates may be constrained if it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will occur when the uncertainty is resolved. We recognize revenue from services over time using the time elapsed output method. Fixed consideration is recognized ratably over the contract term. In accordance with the series guidance, we allocate variable consideration to the period to which the fees relate. 
 
 Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 
 Our contracts with customers may contain multiple performance obligations, primarily when the partner has requested both administrative services and other services such as our specialty care management or total cost of care management services as these services are distinct from one another. When a contract has multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price using the expected cost margin approach. This approach requires estimates regarding both the level of effort it will take to satisfy the performance obligation as well as fees that will be received under the variable pricing model. We also take into consideration customer demographics, current market conditions, the scope of services and our overall pricing strategy and objectives when determining the standalone selling price. 
 Cost of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 
 Our cost of revenue includes direct expenses and shared resources that perform services in direct support of our partners. Costs consist primarily of claims expense, employee-related expenses (including compensation, benefits and stock-based compensation), expenses recorded as part of a Medicare shared savings program and other services, as well as other professional fees. In certain cases, our cost of revenue also includes claims and capitation payments to providers and payments for pharmaceutical treatments and other health care expenditures through performance-based arrangements. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of employee-related expenses (including compensation, benefits and stock-based compensation) for selling and marketing, corporate development, finance, legal, human resources, corporate information technology, professional fees and other corporate expenses associated with these functional areas. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include transition services agreements TSA fees associated with our acquisitions, costs associated with our centralized infrastructure and research and development activities to support our network development capabilities, technology infrastructure, clinical program development and data analytics. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses consist of the amortization of intangible assets associated with the step up in fair value of Evolent Health LLC s assets and liabilities for the Offering Reorganization, amortization of intangible assets recorded as part of our various business combinations and asset acquisitions and depreciation of property and equipment, including internal-use software development costs. 
 
 Lives on Platform and PMPM Fees 
 
 Performance Suite Lives on Platform are calculated by summing monthly members covered for specialty care services for contracts not under ASO arrangements, plus members managed by Complex Care in capitation arrangements and divided by the number of months in the period. Specialty Technology and Services Suite Lives on Platform are calculated by summing monthly members covered for oncology, cardiology, musculoskeletal, advanced imaging and other diagnostics specialty care services for contracts under ASO arrangements divided by the number of months in the period. Administrative Services Lives on Platform are calculated by summing monthly members covered for administrative services implementation and core performance services divided by the number of months in the period. Cases are calculated by summing the number of individuals receiving services through our surgery management and advanced care planning programs in a given period. Members covered for more than one category are counted in each category. 
 
 Performance Suite Average PMPM fee is defined as revenue pertaining to our Performance Suite during the period reported divided by Performance Suite Lives on Platform for the period divided by the number of months in the period. Specialty Technology and Services Suite Average PMPM fee is defined as revenue pertaining to the Specialty Technology and Services Suite during the period 
 40 

reported divided by Specialty Technology and Services Suite Lives on Platform for the period divided by the number of months in the period. Administrative Services Average PMPM fee is defined as revenue pertaining to the Administrative Services during the period reported divided by the Administrative Services Lives on Platform for the period divided by the number of months in the period. Revenue per Case is calculated by the revenue pertaining to surgery management and advanced care planning programs divided by the number of cases for a given period. 
 
 Average Unique Members are calculated by summing members covered by our Performance Suite, Specialty Technology and Services Suite and Administrative Services. In cases where partners cross between multiple solutions, we only capture members from the solution with the maximum number of members. 
 
 Management uses Lives on Platform, PMPM fees, Cases, Revenue per Case and Average Unique Members because we believe that they provide insight into the unit economics of our services. We believe that these measures are also useful to investors because they allow further insight into the period over period operational performance. 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) For the Three Months Ended September 30, Change Over Prior Period For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Over Prior Period 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 621,401 511,015 110,386 21.6 1,908,199 1,407,841 500,358 35.5 Expenses Cost of revenue 540,708 386,585 154,123 39.9 1,616,557 1,048,998 567,559 54.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 67,060 96,567 (29,507) (30.6) 215,349 276,682 (61,333) (22.2) Depreciation and amortization expenses 29,701 32,404 (2,703) (8.3) 89,074 93,813 (4,739) (5.1) Loss on disposal of non-strategic assets 2,097 (2,097) (100.0) 2,097 (2,097) (100.0) Right-of-use assets impairment 24,065 (24,065) (100.0) Change in fair value of contingent consideration 200 11,300 (11,100) (98.2) 9,108 12,047 (2,939) (24.4) Total operating expenses 637,669 528,953 108,716 20.6 1,930,088 1,457,702 472,386 32.4 Operating loss (16,268) (17,938) 1,670 9.3 (21,889) (49,861) 27,972 56.1 Cost of revenue as a of revenue 87.0 75.7 84.7 74.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a of revenue 10.8 18.9 11.3 19.7 

Comparison of the Results for Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Total revenue increased by 110.4 million, or 21.6 , to 621.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023. This increase is primarily due to growth in our Performance Suite of 60.8 million, net of a 41.8 million true-down of revenue related to a narrowed scope of services in select markets retroactive to the beginning of the year, higher revenue from one of our customers of 22.4 million and higher revenue from transitioning certain Specialty Technology and Services Suite customers to 
 41 

Performance Suite of 28.2 million offset by lower run out services from our contract within our Administrative Services solution of 6.9 million. 
 
 The following table represents Evolent s revenue disaggregated by line of business (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Medicaid 214,627 195,259 Medicare 238,527 208,166 Commercial and other 168,246 107,590 Total 621,400 511,015 
 
 The following table represents the Company s Lives on Platform, Cases, PMPM fees and revenue per case for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Average Lives on Platform/Cases in thousands): 
 
 Average Lives on Platform/ Cases Average PMPM Fees / Revenue per Case For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Performance Suite (1) 
 6,916 3,906 20.97 27.63 Specialty Technology and Services Suite 74,192 72,381 0.38 0.37 Administrative Services 1,258 1,832 15.74 12.50 Cases 13 15 3,113 2,490 Average Unique Members 41,444 41,721 
 
 (1) The decrease in Performance Suite PMPM for the three months ended September 30, 20254 compared to 2023 is driven primarily by 41.8M truedown of revenue related to a narrowed scope of services in select markets retroactive to the beginning of the year. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue increased by 154.1 million, or 39.9 , to 540.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023, due to growth in our revenue and a shift in mix towards our Performance Suite, which has a lower gross margin than our Specialty Technology and Services solutions. The increase in cost of revenue this quarter is driven primarily by 196.1 million of higher claims cost compared to the prior year period, which is attributable to acceleration in medical expenses in certain Performance Suite markets relating to higher disease prevalence and acuity of certain populations, higher specialty pharmaceutical costs and inclusive of 24.6 million related to transitioning certain Specialty and Technology Service Suite customers to Performance Suite. This increase in cost was offset by a 41.7 million true-down in claims expense for one of our Performance Suite customers related to a narrowed scope of services in select markets retroactive to the beginning of the year, a decrease that was offset by a corresponding decrease in revenue. 
 
 Approximately 1.1 million and 51.0 thousand of total cost of revenue was attributable to stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 respectively. Cost of revenue represented 87.0 and 75.7 of total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 respectively. The majority of the increase in cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue was due to the rapid growth of our Performance Suite solution, which has a lower gross margin and longer maturation profile than our other product types and acceleration in specialty oncology pharmacy costs. We expect the claims expense portion of our cost of revenue to grow at the pace of overall growth in specialty spend for cancer and cardiovascular conditions, offset by the impact of our clinical interventions. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased by 29.5 million, or 30.6 , to 67.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023, principally as a result of lower TSA fees related to our acquisition of NIA of 2.6 million, 
 42 

professional fees in the prior period of 9.8 million as a result of the 2023 Repositioning Plan and a 14.5 million decrease in personnel costs as a result of lower headcount and bonus accruals. 
 
 Approximately 13.3 million and 10.2 million of total selling, general and administrative costs were attributable to stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Selling, general and administrative expenses represented 10.8 and 18.9 of total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023, respectively, driven in part by the Company s 2023 Repositioning Plan which concluded in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased 2.7 million, or 8.3 , to 29.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023 due primarily to fully amortizing our NCH technology intangible and provider network contracts in 2023 resulting in lower amortization of 1.4 million and 0.5 million, respectively, offset, in part by 0.3 million of amortization of technology intangible assets acquired through our acquisition of Machinify. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 
 We recorded a loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration of 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to the liabilities acquired as a result of the acquisitions of Machinify in August 2024 and 11.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, related to the liabilities acquired as a result of the acquisitions of Machinify in August 2024, NIA in January 2023 and IPG in August 2022. See Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 17 in this Form 10-Q for more information related to changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. 

Comparison of the Results for The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Total revenue increased by 500.4 million, or 35.5 , to 1,908.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023. The increase in revenue is primarily from 343.3 million from new Performance Suite contracts, 90.6 million from transitioning a customer from Specialty Technology and Services Suite to the Performance Suite, 36.8 million from new Specialty Technology and Services Suite contracts and 44.8 million from new oncology and cardiology contracts. Growth was also offset in part by a 34.8 million reduction in revenue from the run out of an Administrative Services contract. 
 
 The following table represents Evolent s revenue disaggregated by line of business (in thousands): 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Medicaid 646,819 587,611 Medicare 794,160 474,535 Commercial and other 467,220 345,695 Total 1,908,199 1,407,841 
 
 The following table represents the Company s Lives on Platform, Cases, Average PMPM fees, Revenue per Case and Average Unique Members for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Average Lives on Platform/Cases in thousands): 
 
 Average Lives on Platform/ Cases Average PMPM Fees / Revenue per Case For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Performance Suite (1) 
 6,956 3,653 21.48 25.56 Specialty Technology and Services Suite 72,732 68,613 0.39 0.36 Administrative Services 1,260 1,837 15.76 13.88 Cases 44 46 2,929 2,517 Average Unique Members 40,396 41,594 
 43 

(1) The decrease in Performance Suite PMPM for the nine months ended September 30, 20254 compared to 2023 is driven primarily by 41.8M truedown of revenue related to a narrowed scope of services in select markets retroactive to the beginning of the year. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue increased by 567.6 million, or 54.1 , to 1,616.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023, principally as a result of the 35.5 growth in our revenue compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase included approximately 569.0 million of higher claims cost compared to the prior year period, which is attributable to higher medical expenses in certain Performance Suite markets relating to higher disease prevalence and acuity of certain populations inclusive of 77.1 million related to transitioning certain Specialty and Technology Service Suite customers to Performance Suite. This increase in cost was offset by a 41.7 million true-down in claims expense for one of our Performance Suite customers, a decrease that was offset by a corresponding decrease in revenue as well as 9.6 million in professional fees due primarily to consulting services. Overall, the company faced higher medical costs but managed to reduce some expenses through strategic measures. These increases were offset in part by a decrease of 11.3 million from lower personnel costs. 
 
 Approximately 3.3 million and 1.6 million of total cost of revenue was attributable to stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Cost of revenue represented 84.7 and 74.5 of total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 respectively. Our cost of revenue increased as a percentage of our total revenue due to higher medical costs with the rapid growth of our Performance Suite solution, which has a lower gross margin and longer maturation profile than our other product types and acceleration in specialty oncology pharmacy costs. We expect the claims expense portion of our cost of revenue to grow at the pace of overall growth in specialty spend for cancer and cardiovascular conditions, offset by the impact of our clinical interventions. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased by 61.3 million, or 22.2 , to 215.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower TSA fees related to our NIA acquisition of 13.5 million recorded in 2023, 31.6 million of lower professional fees as a result of the 2023 Repositioning Plan, a 17.2 million decrease in personnel costs as a result of lower headcount and bonus accruals and lower bad debt expense of 9.5 million due to collection timing from our customers, offset by higher stock compensation of 14.3 million due to the achievement and change in projected achievement of certain performance measurements. 
 
 Approximately 42.5 million and 28.3 million of total selling, general and administrative expenses were attributable to stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Acquisition and severance costs accounted for approximately 5.1 million and 15.2 million of total selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Selling, general and administrative expenses represented 11.3 and 19.7 of total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023, respectively, driven in part by the Company s 2023 Repositioning Plan which concluded in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased 4.7 million, or 5.1 , to 89.1 million for the for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2023 primarily to fully amortizing our NCH technology intangible and provider network contracts in 2023 resulting in lower amortization of 4.1 million and 1.4 million, respectively, offset, in part by 1.6 million higher amortization on intangibles from our acquisition of NIA and Machinify. 
 
 Right-of-Use Asset Impairment 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company decommissioned its Chicago, IL lease and wrote off the associated right-of-use asset, recognizing an impairment charge of 24.1 million in right-of-use assets impairment on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). There were no such impairments in 2024. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 
 We recorded a loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration of 9.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to the liabilities acquired as a result of the acquisitions of Machinify in August 2024 and NIA in January 2023 and 12.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, related to the liabilities acquired as a result of the acquisitions of NIA and IPG in August 2022. See Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 17 in this Form 10-Q for more information related to changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. 
 
 44 

Discussion of Non-Operating Results 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Our interest expense is attributable to borrowings under convertible senior notes and 2022 Credit Agreement with Ares. Interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs activity were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2029 Notes Interest expense 3,521 10,565 Amortization of debt issuance costs 481 1,441 Interest expense for 2029 Notes 4,002 12,006 2022 Credit Agreement Interest expense 957 12,815 2,846 36,536 Amortization of debt issuance costs 79 630 238 1,810 Interest expense for 2022 Credit Agreement 1,036 13,445 3,084 38,346 2024 Notes Interest expense 153 577 Amortization of debt issuance costs 47 139 Interest expense for 2024 Notes 200 716 2025 Notes Interest expense 647 647 1,941 1,941 Amortization of debt issuance costs 325 322 971 964 Interest expense for 2025 Notes 972 969 2,912 2,905 
 
 The decrease in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 is primarily due to repayment of the Term Loan Facility of the Credit Agreement in 2023, offset by interest expense incurred on our 2029 Notes. See Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 9 in this Form 10-Q for more information related to interest expense by debt issuance. 
 
 Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
 
 Due to the reduction in the Company s valuation allowance primarily resulting from deferred tax liabilities established as part of the NIA acquisition, the Company has recorded the remaining TRA liability of 66.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 
 An income tax benefit of 0.6 million and 0.3 million was recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which resulted in effective tax rates of 2.6 and 0.7 , respectively. An income tax benefit of 5.6 million and 74.7 million was recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which resulted in effective tax rates of 18.0 and 48.4 , respectively. The income tax benefit recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily relates to the expected tax effect of net losses, partially offset by state and foreign taxes. The income tax benefit recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily relates to the reduction in the valuation allowance resulting from deferred tax liabilities established as part of the NIA acquisition accounting, partially offset by state and foreign taxes. 
 
 Dividends and Accretion of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 We pay quarterly regular cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) plus 6.00 . In addition, we accrete deferred financing costs and the redemption value in excess of par value in additional paid-in-capital on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company paid 5.1 million and 15.3 million 
 45 

of dividends and accreted 3.0 million and 8.7 million of deferred issuance costs and redemption value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company reported net loss attributable to common shareholders of Evolent Health, Inc. of 62.8 million and 100.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 96.6 million of cash and cash equivalents and 31.3 million in restricted cash and restricted investments. 
 
 We believe our current cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months as of the date the financial statements were issued. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities and the timing and extent of our spending to support our investment efforts and expansion into other markets. We may also seek to invest in, or acquire complementary businesses, applications or technologies, which may require us to seek sources of financing. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following summary of cash flows (in thousands) has been derived from our financial statements included in Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash and restricted cash provided by operating activities 44,996 53,201 Net cash and restricted cash used in investing activities (43,002) (409,492) Net cash and restricted cash (used in) provided by financing activities (97,507) 365,692 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities primarily represent inflows and outflows associated with our operations. Primary activities include net loss from operations adjusted for non-cash transactions, working capital changes and changes in other assets and liabilities. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities of 45.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were affected by decreases in accounts receivable of 38.8 million from timing of our partner and vendor payments including higher cash receipts from certain performance-based customers, offset by higher payment for claims and performance-based arrangements of 91.4 million, a reduction in accrued compensation and benefits of 24.8 million due to year end bonus payments and severance of 2.9 million and payments for office lease consolidation of 6.7 million. Of the total 88.8 million in NIA contingent consideration paid in the period, 22.2 million represented a change in fair value of NIA contingent consideration in excess of the initial fair value at the acquisition date through payment date, and is therefore presented in cash flows provided by operating activities under changes in accrued expenses. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities of 53.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily due to our net loss of 79.6 million, non-cash items including depreciation and amortization expenses of 93.8 million, stock-based compensation expense of 29.9 million, deferred tax benefit of (78.2) million, impairment of the right-of-use asset connected to our Chicago, IL office lease of 24.1 million and change in our tax receivables liability of 66.2 million. Our operating cash inflows were affected by the timing of our customer and vendor payments primarily driven by lower cash receipts from certain customers of approximately 98.4 million and additional increases in accounts receivable from our acquisition of NIA of 38.5 million combined with a reduction of our accrued compensation and employee benefits due to end of year bonus payments and severance of (8.8) million, offset in part by higher reserve for claims and performance-based arrangements of 100.0 million and restricted cash held for claims processing services of 7.9 million. 
 
 46 

Investing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities of 43.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily attributable to cash paid for asset acquisitions and business combinations of 16.9 million which is inclusive of 11.0 million for the purchase of Machinify and 3.0 million for investment in future equity notes, and 18.7 million of investments in internal-use software and purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities of 409.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to 388.2 million paid for the acquisition of NIA and 22.7 million of investments in internal-use software and purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities of 97.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to 15.3 million of preferred dividends paid on our Series A Preferred Stock and 15.4 million from withholding taxes paid on of vested restricted stock units that were net settled. Additional cash used in financing activities include the portion of the NIA contingent consideration representing the fair value at the acquisition date of 66.6 million. 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities of 365.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, were primarily related to 256.1 million received from our Acquisition Facilities in connection with our Credit Agreement and 168.0 million from the issuance of preferred equity, offset in part, by 47.5 million of cash outflows related to repayment on our Acquisition Facilities, 13.6 million of preferred dividends paid on our Series A Preferred Stock and 14.3 million from withholding taxes paid in respect of vested restricted stock units that were net settled. 
 
 Contractual and Other Obligations 
 
 We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations, plus borrowings under our credit facilities and if necessary, additional funding through other forms of financing, will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures working capital and debt service for the next twelve months. Our estimated known contractual and other obligations (in thousands) as of September 30, 2024, were as follows (including as discussed in the narrative below): 
 
 2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 2029+ Total Operating leases for facilities 2,106 15,908 12,767 12,428 43,209 Purchase obligations related to vendor contracts 3,893 23,429 1,481 28,803 Convertible notes interest payments (1) 
 8,338 30,763 28,175 14,088 81,364 Convertible notes principal repayment 172,500 402,500 575,000 Contingent consideration (2) 
 9,200 9,200 Total known contractual obligations 14,337 251,800 42,423 429,016 737,576 
 
 (1) Refer to the discussion in Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 9 for additional information on payment dates for our convertible notes interest. 
 (2) Represents the fair value of earn-out consideration related to the Machinify transaction. See Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 17 for further details of the Company s contingent consideration obligation. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 37.5 million of aggregate principal amount in a secured revolving credit facility which will mature in 2029. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we drew the remaining 37.5 million of aggregate principal amount under our secured revolving credit facility as a result of a slow-down in collections from certain health plan partners in September 2024 and October 2024. The interest rate for the secured revolving credit facility will be calculated, at the option of the borrowers at either the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 4.00 , or the base rate plus 3.00 . 
 
 In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we had 175,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. Regular dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are paid quarterly in cash in arrears at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) plus 6.00 . The regular dividend rate will also increase by 2.0 per annum upon the occurrence and during the continuance of certain triggering events. 
 
 The Company holds ownership interests in joint ventures and other entities which are accounted for under the equity method. Our joint ventures and other investments from time to time may, and some do, include put or call features under which we could be contractually required to purchase interests from our joint venture partner at an exercise price determined in reference to a multiple of the dollar amount of our joint venture partner s total capital contributions, the performance of the joint venture, and other factors. One 
 47 

of our investments includes a put option that can be exercised by our joint venture partner in the first half of 2025 which, if exercised, would require us to acquire the interests in the joint venture that we do not own for a price that may be up to 50.0 million. 
 
 Financing Commitments 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, Evolent entered into a debt financing commitment letter with Ares and Ares Capital Management, LLC pursuant to which Ares Capital LLC has committed to provide, subject to certain conditions, with secured debt financing to be available to the Company to fund acquisitions, ongoing working capital needs and other growth capital expenditure investments. See Part II - Item 5. Other Information for further details of the Company s financing commitments. 
 
 Accounts Receivable, net 
 
 Accounts receivable are recorded and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, accounts receivable, net, decreased primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from certain customers. 
 
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Investments 
 
 Restricted cash and restricted investments of 31.3 million is carried at cost and includes cash held on behalf of other entities for pharmacy and claims management services of 12.8 million, collateral for letters of credit required as security deposits for facility leases of 1.9 million, amounts held with financial institutions for risk-sharing arrangements of 16.5 million as of September 30, 2024. See Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 2 for further details of the Company s restricted cash balances. 
 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets are carried at cost and includes prepaid expenses and non-trade accounts receivable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, prepaid and other current assets decreased due to lower non-trade accounts receivable of 1.9 million, offset by trade receivables related to certain customers that have the legal right to net payment for amounts due from customers and claims payable of 5.4 million 
 
 Uses of Capital 
 
 Our principal uses of cash are in the operation and expansion of our business, payment of interest and other amounts payable on our convertible debt and secured borrowings and payment of preferred dividends. The Company does not anticipate paying a cash dividend on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 48 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted investments of 127.9 million, which consisted of bank deposits with FDIC participating banks of 124.0 million and bank deposits in international banks of 3.9 million. 
 
 Changes in interest rates affect the interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash). We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 575.0 million of aggregate principal amount of convertible notes outstanding, which are fixed rate instruments and not subject to fluctuations in interest rates. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we have 37.5 million of aggregate principal amount in a secured revolving credit facility and 175.0 million of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, all of which are floating rate instruments based on the SOFR and subject to fluctuations in interest rates. In the case of (a) the revolving loan, interest is calculated at either the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) plus 4.00 , or the base rate plus 3.00 and (b) the Series A Preferred Stock, dividends are to be paid quarterly in cash in arrears at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) plus 6.00 . For every 1 increase in SOFR, the Company would record additional interest expense of 0.4 million per annum and preferred dividends of 1.8 million per annum. 
 
 Refer to the discussion in Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 9 for additional information on our long-term debt. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 We have de minimis foreign currency risks related to our operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Indian Rupee and the Philippine Peso. In general, we are a net payer of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, may, in the future, negatively affect our operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. At this time, we have not entered into, but in the future, we may enter into, derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. It is difficult to predict the effect hedging activities would have on our results of operations. 

49 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO ), with assistance from other members of management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management has designed its internal controls over financial reporting under the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 50 

PART II 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The discussion of legal proceedings included within Part I Item 1. Financial Statements - Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation Matters is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our significant business risks are described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors to our 2023 Form 10-K. These risk factors are supplemented for the item described below. The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or operations. Any adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results could result in a decline in the value of our securities and the loss of all or part of your investment. 
 
 We rely on Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, data center providers, other third parties and our own systems for providing services to our partners and operating our business, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties or our own systems could expose us to litigation, negatively impact our relationships with partners, adversely affect our brand and our business. 
 
 Our ability to deliver our solutions, particularly our cloud-based solutions, is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet and other telecommunications services by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network connection with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable Internet access and services and reliable telephone and facsimile services. As a result, our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards and changing preferences of our partners. 
 
 Our services are designed to operate without interruption in accordance with our service level commitments. However, we have experienced limited interruptions in these systems in the past, including server failures that temporarily slow down the performance of our services, and we may experience more significant interruptions in the future. We rely on internal systems as well as third-parties, including bandwidth and telecommunications equipment providers, to provide our services and operate our business. We do not maintain redundant systems or facilities for some of these services. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or other catastrophic events, could affect the security or availability of our services and prevent or inhibit the ability of our partners to access our services. These systems may be at greater risk of interruption as a result of increased use of mobile and cloud technologies, including as a result of the shift to work from home arrangements as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of these systems or facilities, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could result in substantial costs to remedy those problems or negatively impact our relationship with our partners, our business, results of operations and financial condition. To operate without interruption, both we and our service providers must guard against: 
 
 damage from fire, power loss and other natural disasters; 
 telecommunications failures; 
 software and hardware errors, failures and crashes; 
 security breaches, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems; and 
 other potential interruptions. 
 
 Any disruption in the network access, telecommunications or co-location services provided by third-party vendors or any failure of or by third-party vendors systems or our own systems to handle current or higher volume of use could significantly harm our business. Similarly, disruptions of service to other third parties or to our customers can negatively impact our ability to serve our clients and run our business. For example, in February 2024, Change Healthcare, a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group and the largest clearinghouse for medical claims in the U.S., was the subject of a cyberattack that required it to take offline its computer systems that handled electronic payments and insurance claims. As a result of the outage, we had reduced visibility into setting our claims reserve for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Similar events could occur in the future, and the impact to our business could be material. 
 
 We exercise limited control over third-parties, which increases our vulnerability to problems with services they provide. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these third-party technologies and information services or our own 
 51 

systems could negatively impact our relationships with partners and adversely affect our business and could expose us to third-party liabilities. Although we maintain insurance for our business, the coverage under our policies may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost. 
 
 The reliability and performance of our Internet connection may be harmed by increased usage or by denial-of-service attacks. The Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, and it could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of Internet usage as well as the availability of the Internet to us for delivery of our Internet-based services. 
 
 Failure to accurately predict our exposure under performance-based contracts could result in a reduction in profitability for our specialty care management services solution. 
 
 We deploy our specialty care management services solution in capitation arrangements, which we call the Performance Suite, where we are paid a fixed fee per member per month and assume responsibility for the cost of medical claims under our scope. If the Company is unable to accurately predict our exposure under the health care cost risk and control associated costs, for example due to changes in the delivery system; changes in utilization patterns, including post-pandemic as we may experience increased utilization due to higher demand for elective procedures that were not performed during the pandemic and for example, as we experienced in the third quarter of 2024 with the rapid increase in oncology costs; changes in the number of members seeking treatment; unforeseen fluctuations in claims backlogs; unforeseen increases in the costs of the services; the occurrence of catastrophes; regulatory changes; and changes in benefit plan design, the Company s profitability, margins and prospects have and could decline. In addition, when we enter new or less mature specialty markets, and as our products evolve, it may be difficult for us to predict our exposure under performance-based contracts and our contracts may be less profitable than we expect. We are also dependent on our customers to provide us with accurate and timely information which we cannot control; for example, in the third quarter of 2024, we received revised claims paid data related to previously submitted quarters from customers which had a material adverse impact on our financial results and prospects. Similar occurrences in the future could negatively impact our profitability, operating margins and prospects. Moreover, costs of providing oncology, cardiology, radiology (including advanced imaging), musculoskeletal, physical medicine, genetics and other specialties are very hard to predict, in part as a result of rapidly changing utilization of new and existing drugs and changing diagnostic and therapeutic protocols. While we have provisions in certain of our contracts that provide for automatic rate increases, some of our contracts require consent of our partners to certain revised rate increases. If we are unable to reach agreement on revised rates when appropriate, our profitability, margins and prospects will be negatively impacted. When generic drugs are not available or there are shortages, this has increased and in the future may increase our costs, and has impacted and in the future may impact our profitability. Further, the competitive environment for our performance-based products, and customer demands or expectations as to margin levels could result in pricing pressures which could cause us to reduce our rates. A reduction in performance-based contract rates which are not accompanied by a reduction in covered services or expected underlying care trends could result in a decrease of our profitability and operating margins. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Debt Commitment Letter 
 
 On November 6, 2024, Evolent Health LLC entered into a debt financing commitment letter (the Debt Commitment Letter with Ares and Ares Capital Management, LLC Ares Capital ), pursuant to which Ares Capital has committed to (a) provide the Borrower with secured debt financing in the form of (i) additional commitments under the Borrower s existing Revolving Facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to 50.0 million (the Priority ABL Incremental Facility ), (ii) a new delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to 125.0 million (the 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and (iii) a new delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to 75.0 million (the 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and together with the Priority ABL Incremental Facility and the 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility, the Committed Facilities and (b) effect certain amendments to the Credit Agreement (as amended through the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), to be effected through pursuant to an amendment thereto Amendment No. 3 the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by 
 52 

Amendment No. 3, the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Debt Commitment Letter provides that the proceeds of borrowings under the Committed Facilities will be used to fund acquisitions, ongoing working capital needs and other growth capital expenditure investments. 
 
 The Debt Commitment Letter provides that loans under the Committed Facilities will mature on the date that is the earliest of (a) the fifth anniversary of the effective date of Amendment No. 3 (the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date ), (b) the date on which the commitments are voluntarily terminated pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, (c) the date on which all amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable under the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, (d) the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the maturity date of the 2029 Notes and (e) the date that is ninety-one (91) days prior to the maturity date of any other Junior Debt (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) unless certain liquidity conditions are satisfied. 
 
 The 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and related commitments expire on the date that is the earliest of (a) January 31, 2025, (b) the date upon with the aggregate 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, and (c) the date upon which the aggregate 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment is terminated in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement as a remedy to an Event of Default. The 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and related commitments expire on the date that is the earliest of (a) the date that is 18 months from the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (b) the date upon with the aggregate 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, (c) the date upon which the aggregate 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment is terminated in accordance with the Amended Credit Agreement as a remedy to an Event of Default, and (d) the date upon which the 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment is voluntarily reduced to 0 or terminates without being fully funded. 
 
 The Debt Commitment Letter provides that the interest rate for each loan will be calculated, at the option of the Borrower, (a) in the case of the Priority ABL Incremental Facility, at either the adjusted term SOFR rate plus 4.00 , or the base rate plus 3.00 and (b) in the case of both the 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and the 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility, at either the adjusted term SOFR rate plus 5.50 or the base rate plus 4.50 , subject to step downs based on a total secured leverage ratio. 
 
 The Debt Commitment Letter provides that in order to borrow under the 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility or the 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility the total secured leverage ratio must be less than or equal to 2.00:1.00 immediately after giving effect to a borrowing under either the 2024-A Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility and the 2024-B Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility on a pro forma basis as of the last day of the most recently ended test period. 
 
 The Amended Credit Agreement will be subject to the same security and guarantee arrangements and contain the same affirmative and negative covenants, mandatory prepayment provisions and events of default as the Existing Credit Agreement, in each case, subject to certain modifications to be agreed by the parties thereto. The Debt Commitment Letter provides that the prepayment premium applicable to all outstanding facilities will been reset and tied to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date at a rate of 2.0 on or prior to the first anniversary and 1.0 on or prior to the second anniversary. 
 
 The commitment to provide the Committed Facilities and effect the changes to the Existing Credit Agreement contemplated by Amendment No. 3 under the Debt Commitment Letter is subject to customary closing conditions as agreed by the parties. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 EVOLENT HEALTH, INC 
 Exhibit Index 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 53 

104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted as Inline XBRL 

54 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EVOLENT HEALTH, INC. Registrant By: /s/ John Johnson Name: John Johnson Title: Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ Aammaad Shams Name: Aammaad Shams Title: Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 

Dated: November 7, 2024 
 
 55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a093024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Seth Blackley, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Evolent Health, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 s Seth Blackley Name Seth Blackley Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a093024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, John Johnson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Evolent Health, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 s John Johnson Name John Johnson Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a093024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 
 Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Seth Blackley, Chief Executive Officer of Evolent Health, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 s Seth Blackley Name Seth Blackley Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a093024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 
 Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, John Johnson, Chief Financial Officer of Evolent Health, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 s John Johnson Name John Johnson Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 evh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 evh-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 evh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 evh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 evh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

