<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-K-A_edgar_data_1849380_0001493152-24-043625.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17244574</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>357600</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3108747</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6670216</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2486715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3975809</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-043625.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105090530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-043625
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OneMedNet Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				862076743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40386
		FILM NUMBER:		241425933

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRIDENT COURT, 1 OAKCROFT ROAD
		STREET 2:		CHESSINGTON
		CITY:			SURREY
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			KT9 1BD
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-44-208-090-2009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRIDENT COURT, 1 OAKCROFT ROAD
		STREET 2:		CHESSINGTON
		CITY:			SURREY
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			KT9 1BD

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Data Knights Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-043625.txt : 20241105

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Amendment
No. 1) 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___ to ___ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 28, 2024, the aggregate market value of the common equity of the registrant held by non-affiliates was million (based on
the closing sales price of the shares of common stock on June 28, 2024, of 0.98). 

As
of October 31, 2024, there were there were shares of common stock, par value per share, issued and outstanding, and
0 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K/A FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 32 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 33 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 47 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 59 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 61 

Signatures 
 
 62 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements that we make from time to time, including statements contained in this Amended Form 10-K constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Amended Form 10-K are forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements in this Amended Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely
on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, depends, estimate, expects, 
 intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, 
 should, will, would or the negative of those terms or other similar expressions, although not
all forward-looking statements contain those words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, strategy, short- and long-term
business operations and objectives, and financial needs. 

Our
operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could
materially affect our results of operations and whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. We have based
these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may
affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives,
and financial needs. Forward-looking statements in this Amended Form 10-K include, without limitation, statements reflecting management s
expectations for future financial performance and operating expenditures (including our ability to continue as a going concern, to raise
additional capital and to succeed in our future operations), expected growth, profitability and business outlook, and operating expenses. 

Forward-looking
statements are only current predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our
actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those anticipated by such statements.
These factors include, among other things, the unknown risks and uncertainties that we believe could cause actual results to differ from
these forward looking statements as set forth under the heading, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Amended Form 10-K.
New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks and uncertainties that
could have an impact on the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, risks and uncertainties relating to: 

our
 projected financial position and estimated cash burn rate; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

our
 ability to raise substantial additional capital in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms to fund our operations and our business
 plan; 

our
 ability to reverse the recent decline in our revenue and resume growing our revenue; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our current products and services; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights and the potential for us to incur substantial costs from lawsuits to enforce
 or protect our intellectual property rights; 

the
 possibility that a third party may claim we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise
 violated their intellectual property rights and that we may incur substantial costs and be
 required to devote substantial time defending against 
 these
 claims; 

our
 reliance on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

the
 success of competing products or services that are or become available; 

our
 ability to expand our organization to accommodate potential growth and our ability to retain and attract key personnel; and 

the
 potential for us to incur substantial costs resulting from lawsuits against us and the potential for these lawsuits to cause us to
 limit our commercialization of our products and services. 

These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk
Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is
not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which
any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements
we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Amended
Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking
statements. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events
and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, except as required by law, neither
we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Amended Form 10-K to conform these statements
to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 

You
should read this Amended Form 10-K and the documents that we incorporate by reference in this Amended Form 10-K with the understanding
that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we
expect. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including those described in the Risk Factors section
of this Amended Form 10-K beginning on page 18 and elsewhere in this Amended Form 10-K. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

OneMedNet
is a global provider of clinical imaging innovation and curator of regulatory-grade Imaging Real World Data iRWD TM OneMedNet s innovative solutions connect healthcare providers and patients satisfying a crucial need within the life sciences field
offering direct access to clinical images and the associated contextual patient record. OneMedNet s innovative technology proved
the commercial and regulatory viability of imaging Real World Data (as defined below), an emerging market, and provides regulatory-grade
image-centric iRWD TM that exactly matches OneMedNet s life science partners case selection protocols and paves the way
for Real World Evidence (as defined below). 

OneMedNet
was founded to solve a deficiency in how clinical images were shared between healthcare providers. This resulted in OMN s initial
product BEAM TM image exchange that enabled the successful sharing of images for more than a decade with OMN s largest
customer being the Republic of Ireland. 

OneMedNet
continued to innovate by responding to the demand for and utilization of Real World Data (as defined below) RWD and Real
World Evidence (RWE), specifically data that focused on clinical images with its associated contextual clinical record. We were able
to leverage internal technological competencies along with OneMedNet s formidable healthcare provider installed base from its first
product with BEAM TM to become the first RWD solution for life science companies with its launch of iRWD TM in 2019. 

OneMedNet
provides innovative solutions that unlock the significant value contained within clinical image archives. With a growing federated network
of 95+ healthcare facilities, OneMedNet has the immediate ability to quickly search and extensively curate multi-layer data from a federated
group of healthcare facilities. The term healthcare facilities refers specifically to the hospitals, integrated delivery
networks IDNs and imaging centers that provide imaging to OneMedNet, which represent the core source of our data. At
present, OneMedNet works with more than 95 facilities who provide regulatory grade imaging to us. OneMedNet has access to these more
than 95 facilities because these contracted facilities have more than 200 locations among them including offices and clinics, which in
total generates regulatory grade imaging from more than 200 customers. Among these customers, all are data providers, and some are data
purchasers. 

Initially,
it was all about solving the diverse access needs of patient care providers. This focus systematically evolved to addressing the rapidly
growing needs of image analysis and researchers, clinicians, regulators, scientists and more. The federated network allows OneMedNet
to access the following data to provide to research as RWD. 

Real
World Data is any data that is collected in the context of the routine delivery of care, in contrast to data collected within a clinical
trial where study design controls variability in ways that are not representative of Real World care and outcomes. 

A
key component driving its mission is that OneMedNet believes we have a unique opportunity to affect a material positive impact on the
lives of tens of millions of people while improving our customers business productivity. First and foremost, OneMedNet s
iRWD TM offering plays a significant role in enabling life science companies to bring safer and more effective patient care
to market sooner. Using our highly curated de-identified clinical data in our iRWD TM offering in life science product development,
validation, and regulatory approval processes, life science companies contribute to patient care advancements in more meaningful ways.
Moreover, life sciences improve life science companies product development and validation processes, which benefits all parties. 

1 

Significant
documentation exists that shows that Real World Data can provide expanded insights across broader and more representative patient populations.
For this reason, the Food and Drug Administration FDA has instituted Real World Data guidelines for regulatory approvals.
Utilization of highly reliable and quality Real World Data that strictly adheres to all of the very specific data stratification requirements
can supplement or supplant clinical trials. 

OneMedNet
covers the complete value chain in imaging Real World Data; it begins with our 10+ year federated network of providers and is supported
by a multi-faceted data curation process managed by an expert in-house clinical team. Additionally, we work hand-in-hand with our life
science partners regarding the case selection protocol and, when required, producing case report forms for regulatory clearance. We are
focused on delivering value by supporting life science advancements with OneMedNet s iRWD TM which holds the key to unlocking
boundless patient care advances. We believe we unleash the power of research-grade image-centric iRWD TM that is curated to
meet every cohort requirement and stand up to the rigors of prospective clinical trials. 

Today,
life science companies, including pharmaceutical companies, artificial intelligence AI developers, medical device businesses,
and clinical research organizations, share the same widespread challenge in obtaining insight-rich, high-quality patient data that explicitly
matches their precise cohort specifications. A substantial portion of patient diagnosis involves clinical imaging, and approximately
90 of healthcare data, by size, is associated with imaging. Historically, much of imaging value has been derived from its initial review,
and further gains from the image archives have been very limited. 

We
help providers to Unlock the Value in Imaging Archives. TM By utilizing OneMedNet s iRWD TM offering,
providers can greatly improve their research efforts with streamlined data access. Health care providers such as hospitals, clinics,
and imaging centers can also accelerate life science patient care innovations by sharing de-identified data in a well-defined and de-identified
and secure manner. In return for doing so, income is generated and applied to critical and possibly unfunded provider projects. 

The
OneMedNet Difference 

We
believe OneMedNet has been a leader in the business of extracting, securing, and transferring medical data for 10+ years. Doing so requires
specialized expertise in: 

Compliance
 (HIPAA (as defined below), GDPR, 21 CFR Part11) 

Advanced
 privacy security measures 

Clinical
 patient condition(s) and hospital processes 

Radiology
 interpretation 

AI/ML
 (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) technology 

Attaining
in-house expertise in all essential elements is a challenge and we believe deters many organizations from attempting such a venture.
We take pride in this ambitious achievement - while continually working to maintain state-of-the-art expertise. OneMedNet strictly adheres
to the highest level of professional and ethical standards and applicable regulations throughout all interactions and activities. 

We
believe OneMedNet is a leader in the field of regulatory-grade imaging RWD curators. Doing so requires specialized expertise in AI/ML
technology, data privacy/security, as well as expertise in clinical patient condition(s) and healthcare record keeping. Having, or achieving,
expertise in all essential disciplines is a challenging achievement. OneMedNet had a significant head start with our clinical image exchange
solution which served to launch the Company over a decade ago. All data remains native within the federated OneMedNet iRWD TM
 provider network - meaning all the data remains locally onsite until specific de-identified data is licensed for a particular life
science research opportunity. 

OneMedNet s
Competitive Advantages 

We
believe that OneMedNet iRWD TM offers the best of advanced technology, clinical expert curation, and service. Medical imaging
and associated clinical data are indexed at each network site using state-of-the-art AI/ML technology. This typically includes electronic
health records EHR ), radiology, cardiology, lab, pathology and more. Our in-house clinical team performs intensive curation
of the data so that results meet the specifications and requirements of life science Data Collection Protocol DCP - regardless
of the complexity. 

We
believe that OneMedNet unlocks the value in imaging and EHR data in the following three principal ways: 

Regulatory
 Grade - Our imaging results serve as proof of effectiveness for regulatory agencies, meeting requirements for quality diversity. 

2 

On
 Demand - Our powerful indexing platform accesses and harmonizes complete patient profiles across fragmented data silos, delivering
 images and records on-demand. 

Expertly
 Curated - We curate to the most stringent multi-level stratified requirements, providing unmatched data accuracy and completeness. 

OneMedNet s
data is fully de-identified using a multi-step quality control process and goes beyond protected health information PHI to include personally identifiable information PII ), site identifiable information, and more. Importantly, life science
users receive the data in the exact format that they require. No data sifting or manipulation is needed. The data is simply ready for
use. Moreover, OneMedNet has the unique combination of knowledge, tools, and experience to: 

Access
 and harmonize complete patient profiles across fragmented data silos; 

Provide
 unmatched data accuracy and completeness; 

Ensure
 the security and privacy of patients PHI; 

Imaging
 RWD is our singular passion and focus and no one does it better. 

Finally,
OneMedNet has a team of highly experienced and clinically trained data curators. This team appreciates the complexity and criticality
of clinical data and can effectively communicate with both providers and life science specialists. 

3 

Industry
Background 

A
2016 analysis published in the Journal of Health Economics and authored by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development placed
the cost of bringing a drug to market, including post-approval research and development, at a staggering 2.87 billion. Meanwhile, a
2018 study from the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development noted that the timeline for new drug development ranged from 12.8
years for the average drug to 17.2 years for ultra-orphan drugs that only affect several hundred patients. This places the onus on life
science organizations to find ways to deliver treatments to patients faster - especially those who cannot wait 17 years
for a potentially life-saving treatment. Knowing how a medicinal product is actually used by patients can help stakeholders across the
healthcare ecosystem make important and potentially life-saving real-time decisions. 

Real
World Data is observational data typically gathered when an approved medical product is on the market and used by real 
patients in real life, as opposed to clinical trials or real world images for real patients. The FDA cites several potential sources
of Real World Data, including EHR, claims, and disease and product registries. There are multiple types of data including structured
and unstructured data, clinical and billing data, transactional and claims data, patient-generated data, and data gathered from additional
sources that can shed light on a patient s health status and more. As reliance on healthcare data grows exponentially, OneMedNet
has observed that the reliance on information has increased coming from multiple additional sources including EHR, claims, registries,
clinical trials, patient and provider surveys, wearable devices and more. These additional sources include the internet of things IoT ),
social media forums and blogs. Real World Data has the potential to break down inefficiencies and fill gaps in information silos among
stakeholders throughout the healthcare ecosystem of providers, payers, manufacturers, government entities and patients. This information
sharing, in turn, enables all parties to derive new insights, support value-based care and deliver better health outcomes. 

Commercializing
a drug requires its developer to harness various sources of Real World Data to identify patient populations and refine sales and marketing
strategies for those populations among many other undertakings. Historically, this practice involved purchasing large amounts of data
from data aggregators or data platforms, if not directly from the source itself, sometimes without much knowledge about the quality of
the data. Preparing this data for analysis is both expensive and time-consuming; thus, many organizations would outsource the process
to consultants or third-party vendors. Moreover, the process of preparing this data for analysis by untrained consultants can yield a
static analysis that is difficult to modify or rerun in response to follow-up questions or potential discrepancies. 

Definitions
of Real World Data and Real World Evidence 

Real
World Data has become a powerful tool in the life sciences industry. After decades of relying on clinical data as the gold standard for
decision making, industry leaders now recognize how data collected in the real world adds valuable context and insight to their efforts.
From identifying unmet medical needs and defining the patient journey, to supporting regulatory submissions, proving value to payers,
and shaping market strategies, Real World Data adds value at every stage of the drug development lifecycle. Real World Data also sets
the foundation for Real World Evidence, and while the terms are often used interchangeably, they are distinct, and they are changing
health care. Here s how it happens: 

1. 
 First,
 Real World Data are data relating to patient health status and/or the delivery of health care routinely collected from a variety
 of sources. Real World Data is aggregated and transformed such as through OneMedNet s robust analytics. Real World Data are
 the data relating to patient health status and/or the delivery of health care routinely collected from a variety of sources. There
 are many different types, sources and uses of Real World Data, for example: 

Clinical
 Data - For example, clinical data from EHR and case report forms eCRF including biopsies and other pathology
 tests, diagnostic imaging, social determinants of health, cancer organoids, which provide patient demographics, family history, comorbidities,
 procedure and treatment history, and outcomes. 

Patient
 Generated Data - For example, patient-generated data from patient-reported outcome surveys, which data provide insights directly
 from the patient and help researchers understand what happens outside of clinic visits, procedures, and hospital stays. 

Cost
 and Utilization Data (Qualitative Studies) - For example, cost and utilization data from claims and public datasets,
 which data provides information regarding healthcare services utilization, population coverage, and prescribing patterns. 

Public
 Health Data - For example, public health data from various government data sources, which add critical information to enable
 stakeholders to best serve the needs of the populations they serve. 

4 

The
availability of medical imaging in Real World Data such as that provided by OneMedNet is facilitated by the development of digital image
analysis to increase the accuracy of diagnostics and conduct passive screening on large databases of medical images using AI algorithms
such as those applied by OneMedNet. Algorithms can also help identify additional diagnostic tests of value from medical images with pathology. 

Real
World Evidence is the clinical evidence regarding the usage and potential benefits or risks of a medical product derived from analysis
of Real World Data, as defined by the FDA. Real World Evidence can be generated by different study designs or analyses, including but
not limited to randomized trials, including large simple trials, pragmatic trials, and observational studies (prospective and/or retrospective).
The difference in Real World Evidence and Real World Data focuses on the end use case. Real World Data can take the form of claims, EHR,
labs, data etc. Often this insight is used to better understand a patient s journey or a natural history of a disorder (how does
a disease progress if left untreated.) 

Real
World Evidence in contrast builds upon many of these data sets and prepares them for submission, as part of regulatory review such as
to the FDA or the European Medicines Agency EMA ), for example, in support of a customer s clinical trial application.
When data and, in particular, imaging data is submitted to the FDA, the agency requires the following: 

Guard
 against bias - evidence must align with the patient population being studied - expectations focus on
 the similar patient demographics, comorbidities, disease severity, etc.; 

Traceability - confirm
 the chain of custody, the source of the data is known and can be validated if required; and 

Go-forward
 basis - regulatory agencies seek evidence that aligns with the trial s timeframe and, when possible, collect
 evidence that mirrors the clinical trial s timeline. 

One
area where Real World Evidence has been relied on heavily relates to oncology approvals. The FDA s Oncology Center of Excellence
presented an analysis of this at the American Society of Clinical Oncology in 2021, looking at oncology applications containing Real
World Data and Real World Evidence. That analysis looked at 94 applications that were submitted from 2011 2020 and showed that
inclusion of Real World Data to support regulatory decision-making has increased dramatically over that period. In 2020 alone, there
were 28 submissions for oncology products that contained Real World Data. Outside of the oncology context, probably the most notable
recent example of an approval relying on Real World Evidence is the FDA s July 2021 approval of a new indication for Astella Pharma
Inc. s drug program (or tacrolimus) for the prevention of organ rejection in lung transplant patients. The approval there
was based on a non-interventional study providing Real World Evidence of effectiveness. FDA s press release announcing the approval
noted that the approval was significant because it reflects how a well-designed, non-interventional study relying on fit-for-purpose
Real World data, when compared to a suitable control, can be considered adequate and well-controlled under FDA regulations. 

An
additional recent approval of note was the FDA s December 2021 approval of the supplemental BLA (Biological License Application)
for Orencia to prevent graft versus host disease. The application included data from a randomized clinical trial, with additional
evidence of effectiveness provided by a registry-based clinical study that was conducted using Real World data from the Center for International
Blood and Marrow Transplant Research. That registry study analyzed outcomes of 54 patients treated with Orencia for the prevention
of graft versus host disease, in combination with standard immunosuppressive drugs, versus 162 patients treated with the standard immunosuppressive
drugs alone, and showed efficacy in that indication. 

5 

AI
is employed in Real World Data to enhance data anomaly detection, standardization, and quality checking at the pre-processing stage.
AI is expected to offer pharma and biotech companies the ability to increase meaningful Real World Evidence output, decrease time to
insights, and make the most of the available vast data sources. A Real World Evidence technology platform that delivers smart data processing,
analysis, and outcomes offers an unparalleled opportunity to capitalize on these computing advancements. 

When
used as part of an overall comprehensive Real World Evidence strategy, AI innovations can enhance drug development, improve patient treatment
and access, and drive valuable new business opportunities. 

In
post-marketing studies, adverse events reporting is an area where AI is used, creating greater automation and efficiency in historical
data sets. Techniques like natural language processing NLP enable AI to scan tens of thousands of records and quickly
find adverse event details. AI-integrated analytics and automation provide access to crucial insights from historical clinical trial
Real World Data and Real World Evidence, expanding end-to-end clinical trial capabilities: 

Data
 ingestion - publicly/historically available Real World Data 

Text
 extraction - NLP used to extract key entities from clinical trial documents 

Data
 transformation standardization - data standardization using pre-built models 

AI
 model deployment - predicting trial design impacts on costs, feasibility, cycle times, and quality risk 

AI
is driving ground-breaking leaps in protein structure identification, and advances in regulations are providing healthcare research organizations
with access to Real World data to accelerate clinical trial processes. We believe that AI-enabled technologies have unparalleled potential
to offer innovative trial design and collection, organizing, and analyzing the increasing amount of data generated by clinical trials.
AI has many applications in clinical trials, both short and long-term. AI technologies make possible innovations crucial for transforming
clinical trials, such as seamlessly combining Phases I and II, developing novel patient-centered endpoints, and collecting and analyzing
Real World Data. 

OneMedNet
believes that AI tools also have wider benefits for hospitals and health systems. Professor Alexander Wong, University of Waterloo Canada
Research Chair in AI and Medical Imaging, points out that AI benefits include the potential to ease the burden on radiology departments
in terms of assessing scans and predicting upcoming demand for general hospital and intensive care beds, and demand for equipment such
as respirators and ventilators, medicines, masks, and ventilator mouthpieces, as well as aiding workforce planning. 

6 

Across
a diverse set of imaging modalities, digital images typically include metadata and/or annotations that may include protected health information e.g., patient name, date of birth). Although diagnostic images generally do not warrant the same level of privacy concerns as
genomic data, researchers must also remove facial characteristics or other features that could identify a patient. 

Digital
image analysis can be used to support research and development by analyzing large volumes of tissue specimens or other medical images
to run molecular screens that model biomarkers and treatment responses by transplanting a portion of a patient s tumor into humanized
mice or 3D tissue cultures derived from stem cells that resemble miniature organs. These models allow researchers to conduct controlled
laboratory experiments that can inform treatment approaches and link predicted treatment response to actual clinical outcomes by linking
this data to EHR, claims, and other sources of Real World Data. Similarly, preclinical studies can be informed by safety assessments
conducted in animal models or studies of animal molecular biomarkers or anatomic abnormalities to minimize the burden on human study
participants. Findings can also inform clinical trial optimization by stratifying participants according to predicted response and determining
appropriate eligibility criteria. 

2. 
 Second,
 Real World Evidence is the clinical evidence about the usage and potential benefits or risks of a medical product derived from analysis
 of Real World Data. Real World Evidence provides clinically-rich insights into what actually happens in everyday practice and why.
 The U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938 FD C Act defines Real World Evidence as data
 regarding the usage, or the potential benefits or risks, of a drug derived from sources other than traditional clinical trials. 
 In developing its Real World Evidence program, the FDA believes it is helpful to distinguish between the sources of Real World Data
 and the evidence derived from that data. 

Evaluating
Real World Evidence in the context of regulatory decision-making depends not only on the evaluation of the methodologies used to generate
the evidence but also on the reliability and relevance of the underlying Real World Data; these constructs may raise different types
of considerations. Real World Evidence refers to evidence about the risks and benefits of a product derived from analysis of the Real
World Data. For example, the FDA has used Real World Data and Real World Evidence, derived from its Sentinel System, the largest multisite
distributed database in the world dedicated to medical product safety, for monitoring the safety of regulated products, in place of post-marketing
studies. It has carried this out for nine potential safety issues involving five products. 

Real
World Evidence is the clinical evidence regarding the usage and potential benefits or risks of a medical product derived from analysis
of Real World Data. Real World Evidence can be generated by different study designs or analysis, including but not limited to, randomized
trials, including large simple trials, pragmatic trials, and observational studies (prospective and/or retrospective). 

Unlike
traditional clinical trials, where necessary data elements can be curated and collection mandated, the creation of Real World Evidence
requires assessing, validating and aggregating various, often disparate, sources of data available through routine clinical practice.
Real World Evidence is used by different stakeholders in many different ways. 

It
 gives life sciences companies insight into how their drugs are being used. 

It
 helps providers improve the delivery of care. 

It
 enables regulatory authorities to monitor post-market safety and adverse events. 

It
 helps payers assess outcomes from treatments. 

From
Real World Data to Real World Evidence 

The
creation of Real World Evidence requires a combination of high-powered analytics, a validated approach and a robust knowledge of available
Real World Data sources e.g., what data is captured within existing quality registries, what data can be captured through EHR
and case report forms or claims, and which patient organizations capture data on relevant patient cohorts). This process includes several
steps, which are summarized here: 

1. 
 Defining
 a study protocol answering relevant clinical questions. 

2. 
 Defining
 which data elements can be collected from which Real World Data sources. 

3. 
 Establishing
 data capture arrangements and protocols with existing Real World Data sources. 

4. 
 Blending
 disparate data sources through probabilistic record matching algorithms. 

5. 
 Validating
 and supplementing blended data through editable eCRFs. 

6. 
 Defining
 and calculating clinically relevant outcomes and measures. 

7. 
 Appropriately
 assessing and controlling for variability in data quality, availability and confounding patient factors affecting measured outcomes. 

8. 
 Real
 World Evidence can provide a holistic view of patients that in many cases cannot be studied through traditional clinical trials. 

7 

Real
World Evidence has been proven to fill a gap between research (what we learn) and everyday practice (what we do) in healthcare, and it
creates a difference between what is expected to happen and what really happens. Driving measurable improvements in healthcare requires
us all to be rooted in the reality of what actually happens before, during, and after clinical procedures, interventions, and office
visits. Real World Evidence fills those gaps and documents the truth by establishing definitively what really happens when doctors treat
a wide range of patients that do not look like the homogeneous patient groups in a clinical trial. Because of this, Real World Evidence
serves many uses and provides many benefits across the healthcare ecosystem. 

As
more countries battle to contain healthcare costs, and as the population ages and the number of patients with chronic diseases increases,
the need to remove inefficiencies and upgrade the delivery of coordinated care that improves outcomes is more pressing. At the same time,
life sciences companies are facing tumultuous times. Industry globalization, the end of the blockbuster era, and an increasingly complex
regulatory environment all add to the difficulty of bringing products to market. And across the board, companies are moving toward a
patient-centric and outcome-focused model. In this environment, Real World Evidence can be transformative for the industry when Real
World Data is combined with the right technology framework and the regulatory intelligence to make sense of it. As data is consumed across
life sciences in different ways and by different stakeholders, it can provide valuable insights and evidence across the
product life cycle. In addition, stakeholders across the healthcare ecosystem use this new knowledge to support decision-making and improve
safety and effectiveness, and ultimately, patient outcomes. 

Uses
of Real World Evidence in Life Sciences, Among Regulators, Clinicians, Researchers and Healthcare Systems 

According
to repeated studies by Deloitte, the importance of Real World Evidence continues to rise as it promises to accelerate regulatory decision-making
and support the approval of new indications for drugs already on the market. Life sciences, pharmaceutical and medical device companies
are significant consumers of Real World Evidence because it can provide value across the entire product lifecycle from pre-trial design
to clinical studies and trials to post-market surveillance. Medical product developers are using Real World Evidence to support clinical
trial designs e.g., large simple trials, pragmatic clinical trials) and observational studies to generate innovative, new treatment
approaches. 

Real
World Evidence can be used to make clinical trials more effective and efficient, for example in patient recruitment or label extension,
Real World Evidence gathered from other studies or from currently marketed products in a similar category, for example, can have a positive
effect on the product portfolio by exposing positive side effects as new potential indications. The most famous example is Viagra, which
was initially studied as a drug to lower blood pressure, but an unexpected side effect led to the drug ultimately being approved for
erectile dysfunction. 

The
benefits of Real World Evidence derived from Real World Data are increasingly being recognized by regulatory authorities. The FDA released
a framework for using Real World Evidence to support the process of drug regulation and submission. This is a major step toward recognizing
that clinical trials, while still relevant, are not the only way to assess the efficacy and safety of a product. Indeed, the FDA is soon
expected to conduct its first full post-market safety approval using only Real World Evidence. 

Real
World Evidence is now accepted as a reliable source of information for regulatory decision making in certain circumstances. A primary
rationale for the FDA to use Real World Evidence is to help support the approval of a new or extended use for a drug approved under the
FD C Act and to help support or satisfy post-approval study requirements always with the condition that the data quality is up to
the standard required. In a recent statement, the FDA even noted how new tools for capturing data in the post-market period, including
more sophisticated use of Real World Data and Real World Evidence are providing new approaches to address important questions about the
safety and benefits of new drugs in real world settings and that these approaches have the potential to do to so more rapidly and with
greater efficiency than traditional methods. 

Why
Do We Need Real World Evidence? 

There
is a gap between research (what we learn) and everyday practice (what we do) in healthcare, and it creates a difference between what
is expected to happen and what really happens. But it is what really happens that matters. Driving measurable improvements in healthcare
requires us all to be rooted in the reality of what actually happens before, during, and after clinical procedures, interventions, and
office visits. Real World Evidence is here to fill those gaps and root us in truth. It tells us what really happens when doctors treat
a wide range of patients that don t look like the homogeneous patient groups in a clinical trial. Because of this, Real World Evidence
serves many uses and provides many benefits across the healthcare ecosystem. 

8 

Uses
of Real World Evidence in Pharmaceutical and Device Companies 

Pharmaceutical
and medical device companies are major consumers of Real World Evidence, as it can provide value across the entire product lifecycle.
Real World Evidence plays an important role for research across the product lifecycle for both pharmaceutical and device companies. It
can inform pre-trial study design by helping researchers identify potential patients and create proper inclusion criteria for clinical
trials. Much of medical innovation is driven by traditional clinical trials, where new pharmaceuticals and devices are rigorously studied
and tracked before they can be sold and widely distributed. 

Although
clinical trials are incredibly important to determine the safety and efficacy of new technologies, when compared to Real World Evidence,
they do have some limitations. For example, a traditional clinical trial can have strict inclusion criteria that makes it challenging
for providers to accurately extrapolate the results of a clinical trial to a broader population. Clinical trial participation is often
limited by who the study administrators are able to recruit, and various demographics are often not able to participate. This again challenges
the generalizability of clinical trial results across patient populations. Real World Evidence can help overcome the limitations of clinical
trials by providing information about a broader cross-section of society. This can help clinicians, researchers, and industry partners
better understand their products and how they work. 

Once
a product is approved and marketed, Real World Evidence assists pharmaceutical or medical device companies understand their products 
relative safety, effectiveness, value, off-label use and more. This post-market surveillance, or post-marketing surveillance, is valuable
to stakeholders across the healthcare industry. 

The
AI-enabled patient enrichment and recruitment process can improve suitable cohorts and increase clinical trial effectiveness, data management,
analysis, and interpretation of multiple Real World Data sources, including EHR and medical imaging data. This presents a unique opportunity
for NLP to perform the sophisticated analysis necessary to combine genomic data with electronic medical records EMR and
other patient data, present in various locations, owners, and formats - from handwritten paper copies to digital medical
images - to surface biomarkers that lead to endpoints that can be more efficiently measured, and thereby identify and characterize
appropriate patient subpopulations. AI-enabled systems can help to improve patient cohort composition and aid with patient recruitment. 

AI
technologies can help biopharma companies identify target locations, qualified investigators, and priority candidates and collect and
collate evidence to satisfy regulators that the trial process complies with good clinical practice requirements. One of the most important
elements of a clinical trial is a selection of high-functioning investigator sites. Site qualities such as resource availability, administrative
procedures, and experienced clinicians with in-depth knowledge and understanding of the disease can shape study timelines and data quality,
accuracy, completeness, and consistency. 

AI
integrated clinical trial programs can help monitor and manage patients by automating Real World Data capture, sharing data across systems,
and digitalizing standard clinical assessments. AI technologies and wearable technologies can help enable continuous patient monitoring
and generate real-time insights into the safety and effectiveness of treatment while predicting the possible risk of dropouts, thereby
enhancing patient engagement and retention. To comply with trial adherence criteria, patients must keep detailed records of their medication
intake and other data points related to their bodily functions, response to medication, and daily protocols. This can be an overwhelming
and tedious task, leading to 40 of patients becoming non-adherent after 150 days into a clinical trial. Wearable devices/sensors and
video monitoring are used to collect patient data automatically and continuously, thereby relieving the patient of this task. In combination
with wearable technology, AI techniques offer new approaches to developing real-time, power-efficient, mobile, and personalized patient
monitoring systems. 

9 

Among
regulators, clinicians, academic researchers and healthcare systems, the reliance on curated Real World Evidence has grown significantly
because of the value it can provide, which is unique relative to each parties objectives and mandates. It also helps that the
FDA has also sharpened its focus on Real World Data and Real World Evidence. For example, in late 2022, the FDA published proposed guidance
related to data standards for product submissions with Real World Data and also weighed in on the use of Real World Data and Real World
Evidence to support regulatory decision-making for drugs and biological products with specific advice for data from EHR and medical claims.
In addition, the FDA uses Real World Data and Real World Evidence to monitor post-market safety and adverse events and to make regulatory
decisions. The health care community is using these data to support coverage decisions and to develop guidelines and decision support
tools for use in clinical practice. 

AI
with deep-learning capability is also helpful in organizing and translating a vast amount of structured and unstructured data to Real
World Evidence. The human mind can possibly manage 4-5 variables; therefore, AI-enabled data mapping and integration and their normalization
into a common data model according to disease pathway and workflow will likely be useful for both quality management in clinical trials
and generating meaningful insight for human disease by providing a broader perspective based on Real World data. 

Market
Size 

The
global Real World Evidence solutions market size was estimated at USD 2.6 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow at a compound annual
growth rate (CAGR) of 8.4 from 2024 to 2030. The market growth is driven by rising demand for enhanced Real World Evidence capabilities
within the life science industry, reflecting an increasing market shift from volume to value-based care. Advancements in data analytics
and Real World Evidence contribute to supporting regulatory compliance, research, and solution development efforts in medical device
and life sciences organizations. For instance, the increased demand for Real World Evidence solutions is prompting players to introduce
new products, fostering market growth. In October 2023, Maxis Clinical Sciences launched Real World Evidence Solutions, providing diverse
Real World Data capture and analysis to improve clinical research and care. 

Government
initiatives supporting Real World Evidence programs, evolving regulations, and actionable Real World Data enable organizations to conduct
outcomes-based analyses, contributing to the overall market expansion. For instance, in December 2022, the FDA launched the Real World
Evidence Program. This program aims to raise awareness that Real World Evidence can support regulatory decisions, identify approaches
for generating Real World Evidence to meet post-approval study requirements or effectiveness labeling and develop agency processes that
foster consistent decision-making and shared learning regarding Real World Evidence. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic further accelerated the adoption of Real World Evidence solutions, with governments collaborating with market players
to implement these solutions. For instance, in June 2021, ConcertAI and the FDA initiated a five-year collaborative research program,
 Evaluation of Real World Outcomes and Safety in the Treatment of Cancer . The partnership leverages ConcertAI s oncology
Real World Data and advanced AI technology solutions to generate Real World Evidence for various clinical and regulatory use cases. 

10 

.
Real World Evidence solutions services allow pharmaceutical companies and healthcare providers as well as payers by providing efficient
management of operations and accelerating the process of drug development and its approval, which fuels market growth. Support from regulatory
bodies for using Real World Evidence solutions and an increase in research and development spending are anticipated to boost the market
growth. 

The
Real World Evidence solution providers are increasingly forming strategic partnerships with AI solution providers to offer integrated
solutions. For instance, in April 2023, ConcertAI, a player in AI SaaS technology and Real World Evidence solutions for healthcare and
life sciences, partnered with PathAI, an AI-powered pathology provider, to introduce a first-in-class quantitative histopathology and
curated clinical Real World Data solution. This collaboration integrates ConcertAI s Patient360 and RWD360 products with PathAI s
PathExplore tumor microenvironment panel. Based on end user, the global Real World Evidence solutions market is segmented into pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, and medical device companies; healthcare payers; healthcare providers; and other end-users (academic research institutions,
patient advocacy groups, regulators, and health technology assessment agencies). The large share of this segment is primarily attributed
to the increasing importance of Real World Evidence studies in drug development and approvals and the growing need to avoid costly drug
recalls and assess drug performance in Real World settings. 

With
the growing need for evidence generated from Real World Data, the increasing importance of epidemiological data in decision making, and
a shift from volume to value-based care, there has been an increased focus on patient registries, a rise in the adoption of EMR in hospitals,
and exponential growth in mobile health data and social media, which have resulted in the generation of huge amounts of medical data.
In 2021, the Real World datasets segment is estimated to account for the larger share of 51.2 of the global Real World evidence solutions
market. According to Coherent Market Insights, the global Real World Data market is estimated to be valued at 1.59 billion in 2023 and
is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 14.4 during the forecast period (2023-2030). 

Our
Long-Term Growth Strategies 

Our
long-term growth strategy is anchored on the following key pillars: 

Increase
 Global Reach to Meet Demand: Our strategy is to continue growing our global footprint into areas where we expect high demand
 growth in t he global Real World Evidence solutions
 market, which is projected to grow from 2.62 billion in 2024 to 4.55 billion by 2030, at a CAGR of 8.2 . There
 is a rise in emphasis on evidence-based medicine that relies on Real World Evidence, which comes from Real World Data. Market players
 in healthcare industries, including regulators, healthcare providers, and payers are becoming more aware of the importance of using
 Real World Data for making informed decisions regarding comparative effectiveness, treatment effectiveness, cost-effectiveness, and
 safety. As a result, the demand for Real World Data solutions is increasing rapidly, which is further driving the growth of the market.
 Regulatory agencies such as EMA and the FDA are making use of Real World Evidence in regulatory decision making processes. These
 regulatory authorities have frameworks and guidelines for using Real World Evidence and Real World Data in regulatory submissions,
 post-market surveillance, and drug approvals. As a result, the demand for Real World Data is rising, which in turn is expected to
 support growth of the market in the coming future. 17 The use of Real World Evidence derived from Real World Data demonstrates
 value and cost-effectiveness of medical devices and drugs for healthcare technology assessment agencies and payers. With this Real
 World Evidence, market access becomes easier, and it also enables reimbursement negotiations. This further facilitates the inclusion
 of new therapies in the coverage of healthcare, which in turn creates major opportunities in the global market. 

Innovate
 Our Commercial Approach to Drive Incremental Market Share: We intend to expand our sales network across the globe, while
 simultaneously building out our sales infrastructure. We intend to focus on our target markets, which include (i) Imaging AI; (ii)
 medical device companies; and (iii) pharmaceutical companies, as summarized here: 

11 

Enhance
 and Refine Our Service Offering: Building on our customer-centric mindset throughout our development, curation and commercial
 processes, we plan to continue expanding and improving our service offering. As we continue to expand into additional geographies
 globally, we plan to build upon these three pillars: 

Expand
 Our Product Offering: We plan to continually evaluate the benefits of expanding our portfolio into other high-growth, high-demand
 Real World Data and Real World Evidence solutions in the future. 

12 

Corporate
Information 

Data
Knights was originally incorporated in Delaware on February 8, 2021 under the name Data Knights Acquisition Corp as a special
purpose acquisition company, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On November 7, 2023, we held the closing of the Business
Combination (the Closing whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy ONMD, with Legacy ONMD continuing as the surviving
entity, which resulted in all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Legacy ONMD being exchanged for shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), upon the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

The
Business Combination that closed on November 7, 2023, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, led to Data Knights changing its name to OneMedNet
Corporation and the business of Data Knights became the business of Legacy ONMD. We are located at 6385 Old Shady Oak Road, Suite
250, Eden Prairie, MN 55344 and reachable by telephone on 800-918-7189. 

Legacy
ONMD was incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 20, 2015. Its wholly-owned subsidiary, OneMedNet Technologies (Canada) Inc. ONMD Canada ), was incorporated on October 16, 2015 under the provisions of the Business Corporations Act of British Columbia.
ONMD Canada s functional currency is the Canadian dollar. 

Recent
Developments 

Closing
of Business Combination 

On
November 7, 2023, following the approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby at the special meeting of
the shareholders of Data Knights held on October 17, 2023 (the Special Meeting ), Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy
ONMD pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the Merger ), with Legacy ONMD surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Data Knights. Following Closing, Data Knights changed its name to OneMedNet Corporation. 

The
Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, Data Knights was treated as the acquired company and Legacy ONMD was treated as
the acquirer for financial statement reporting purposes. 

Lock-up
Agreements 

Effective
April 25, 2022, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of OneMedNet and certain of OneMedNet s
officers and directors (such stockholders, the Company Holders entered into a lock-up agreement (the Lock-up Agreement pursuant to which the Company Holders are contractually restricted, during the Lock-up Period (as defined below), from (i) lending, offering,
pledging, hypothecating, encumbering, donating, assigning, selling, contracting to sell, selling any option or contract to purchase,
purchasing any option or contract to sell, granting any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transferring or disposing
of, directly or indirectly, any Lock-Up Shares (as defined below), (ii) entering into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to
another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Shares, or (iii) publicly disclosing the intention
to do any of the foregoing, whether any such transaction described in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) above is to be settled by delivery
of Lock-Up Shares or other securities, in cash or otherwise (any of the foregoing described in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii), a Prohibited
Transfer )any of (A) their shares of Common Stock received in connection with the Merger and (B) any of their shares of Common
Stock paid as dividends or distributions with respect to such securities or into which such securities are exchanged or converted (collectively,
the Lock-up Shares ). Effective November 7, 2023, the newly appointed officers and directors of OneMedNet Corporation entered
into a Lock-Up Agreement. 

13 

The
 Lock-up Period means the period commencing at Closing and ending on the earliest of: (a) six months from the Closing, and
(b) the date after the Closing on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, or other
similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities, or other property. 

In
addition, the Sponsor is subject to a lock-up pursuant to a letter agreement (the Sponsor Lock-up Agreement ), entered into
on May 6, 2021, at the time of the IPO (as defined below), among Data Knights, the Sponsor and each of the individuals who was a member
of Data Knights board of directors and/or management team (each, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders ),
who agreed that it, he or she shall not transfer any founder shares which means the 2,875,000 shares of Data Knights Class B common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, initially held by the Sponsor, or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier
of (A) six months after the Closing of the Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination, (x) if
the last reported sale price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, right
issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after the Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. Further, the Sponsor and each of the Insiders agreed further in the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement
that he, she or it shall not transfer any private placement units, the private placement shares, the private placement warrants or shares
of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants, until 30 days after the completion of the Business
Combination. 

PIPE
Registration Rights Agreements 

At
the Closing of the Business Combination and funding of the private investment in public equity PIPE pursuant to the PIPE
SPA (as defined below), the PIPE Investors (as defined below) each executed a PIPE Note (as defined below) and a PIPE Warrant (as defined
below) in the amount corresponding to each PIPE Investor s investment amount and in accordance with the terms set forth in the
PIPE SPA as well as a registration rights agreement (the PIPE Registration Rights Agreement ). We are required to register
the offer and sale of these securities to satisfy the registration rights we have granted in the PIPE Registration Rights Agreement.
At the Closing of the Business Combination, OneMedNet, Data Knights and the Sponsor entered into a registration rights agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company is obligated to file a registration
statement to register the resale of certain securities of the Company held by the Holders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement)
and the Sponsor. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides the Holders and the Sponsor with piggy-back registration
rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. 

Voting
Agreement and Sponsor Support Agreement 

In
connection with entry into the Merger Agreement, Data Knights entered into voting agreements (the Voting Agreements with
certain stockholders of Legacy ONMD representing approximately 55 of the outstanding voting power of Legacy ONMD s equity securities
(the Legacy ONMD Stockholders pursuant to which the Legacy ONMD Stockholders agreed to (i) vote their Legacy ONMD equity
securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, (ii) be bound by certain covenants and agreements
related to the Business Combination and (iii) take other customary actions to cause the Business Combination to occur. 

In
connection with entry into the Merger Agreement, Data Knights, the Sponsor and Legacy ONMD entered into a sponsor support agreement (the
 Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to vote its Data Knights securities in favor of the approval
of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination and to take other customary actions to cause the Business Combination to occur. 

14 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

In
connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company entered into employment agreements (the Employment Agreements with executive officers: Aaron Green (President), Lisa Embree (former Chief Financial Officer), and Paul Casey (former Chief Executive
Officer). The Employment Agreements provide for at-will employment that may be terminated by the Company with or without cause, by the
executive with or without good reason, or mutually by the parties. See Item 11, Executive Compensation Executive Employment Arrangements for additional information on current employment
agreements of our executive officers. 

PIPE
Stock Purchase Agreement 

On
June 28, 2023, Data Knights entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the PIPE SPA with certain investors (collectively
referred to herein as the PIPE Investors for a PIPE financing in the aggregate original principal amount of 1,595,744.70
and the purchase price of 1.5 million. Pursuant to the PIPE SPA, Data Knights issued and sold to each of the PIPE Investors a new series
of senior secured convertible notes (the PIPE Notes ), which are convertible into shares of Common Stock at the PIPE Investor s
election at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) 10.00 per share, and (ii) 92.5 of the lowest volume weighted average trading
price VWAP for the ten (10) Trading Days (defined as a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a trading market) immediately
preceding the Conversion Date (defined as any date) , subject to the floor price of 1.14 (representing 20 of the closing price of the
Common Stock on the last trading day before the closing of the Business Combination), or the alternative conversion ratio of the greater
of the floor price and the lesser of 80 of the VWAP of the Common Stock as of the trading day and 80 of the price computed as the quotient
of the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the three trading days with the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the fifteen
consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable
conversion notice, divided by three. All such determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock
combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. The PIPE Investors 
 1.5 million investment in the PIPE Notes closed and funded contemporaneous to the Closing of the Business Combination. Effective immediately
prior to the Closing, Data Knights issued the PIPE Notes to the PIPE Investors pursuant
to the private offering rules under the Securities Act. In conjunction with the issuance of the PIPE Notes, Data Knights also issued
and sold to each of the PIPE Investors 95,745 warrants to purchase Common Stock at an exercise price of 10.00 per share (the PIPE
Warrants ). 

Government
Regulation 

Many
aspects of our businesses are regulated by federal and state laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, we maintain a robust compliance
program aimed at ensuring we operate our business in compliance with all existing legal requirements material to the operation of our
businesses. There are, however, occasionally uncertainties involving the application of various legal requirements, the violation of
which could result in, among other things, fines or other sanctions. See Risk Factors for additional detail. 

Regulation
of Patient Information. Our information management services relate to the processing of information regarding patient diagnosis
and treatment of disease and are, therefore, subject to substantial governmental regulation. In addition, the confidentiality of patient-specific
information and the circumstances under which such patient-specific records may be released for inclusion in our databases or used in
other aspects of our business is heavily regulated. Federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted
additional legislation governing the possession, use and dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information and personal
financial data, as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. Additional legislation or regulation of
this type might, among other things, require us to implement additional security measures and processes or bring within the legislation
or regulation deidentified health or other data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some
of our services. 

15 

In
particular, personal health information is recognized as a special, sensitive category of personal information, subject to additional
mandatory protections. Violations of data protection regulations are subject to administrative penalties, civil money penalties and criminal
prosecution, including corporate fines and personal liability. 

Data
Privacy 

Certain
of our operations are subject to regulation under the administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996, as amended HIPAA ). Federal regulations related to HIPAA contain minimum standards for electronic
transactions and code sets and for the privacy and security of protected health information. Patient health information is among the
most sensitive of personal information, and it is critically important that information about an individual s healthcare is properly
protected from inappropriate access, use and disclosure. Real World Evidence - information that allows us to examine actual
practices and outcomes - is essential to increase access to care, improve outcomes, and lower costs. 

OneMedNet
uses a wide variety of privacy-enhancing technologies and safeguards to protect individual privacy while generating and analyzing information
on a scale that helps healthcare stakeholders identify disease patterns and correlate with the precise treatment path and therapy needed
for better outcomes. We employ a wide variety of methods to manage privacy requirements, including: 

governance,
 frameworks, models and training to promote good decision making and accountability; 

a
 layered approach to privacy and security management to avoid a single point of failure; 

ongoing
 evaluation of privacy and security practices to promote continuous improvement; 

use
 of technical, administrative, physical and organizational safeguards and controls; 

collaboration
 with data suppliers and trusted third parties for our syndicated market research and analytics offerings to remove identifiable information
 or employ effective encryption or other techniques to render information non-identified before data is delivered to us; and 

work
 with leading researchers, policy makers, thought leaders and others in a variety of fields relevant to the application of effective
 privacy and security practices, including statistical, epidemiological and cryptographic sciences, legal, information security and
 compliance, and privacy. 

We
have relied on expertise in the industry with de-identifying data. Our capabilities allow us to render data non-identified while still
maintaining data utility, thus protecting privacy while still advancing innovation. Not only do we make use of de-identification techniques
with respect to the data we hold, but we also share our expertise in this area with policymakers, regulators and others to help them
understand de-identification methodologies and practical considerations to avoid re-identification risk. We operate in more than 100
countries around the world, many of which have data protection and privacy laws and regulations based on similar core principles e.g.,
 openness, accountability, security safeguards, etc.). We apply those principles globally and augment our practices to address local
laws, contractual obligations and other data privacy requirements. 

Our
Compliance team, led by our Chief Compliance Officer, is comprised of privacy professionals and privacy law experts who drive our strategy
and develop and manage our policies and standards. The Compliance team provides subject matter expertise related to the proper management
of all data types. In addition, our Compliance team liaises with our Legal, Information Technology, Information Security and other teams
so that privacy requirements are addressed in technology, contracting, offerings and other business activities. 

The
OneMedNet Privacy Policy (the Privacy Policy is our foundational privacy policy. It explains how, when applicable, we
collect, hold, use and disclose personal information, including that of our personnel, consumers, healthcare professionals, patients,
medical research subjects, clinical investigators, customers, suppliers, vendors, business partners and investors. 

Regulatory
Quality Compliance (FDA 21 CFR Part 11) 

OneMedNet
provides high-quality, de-identified, regulatory-grade imaging and clinical data; as such OneMedNet adheres to all applicable local and
Federal regulatory quality requirements, including but not limited to FDA 21 CFR Part 11. OneMedNet maintains a rigorous and ongoing
internal quality management system to enable the organization to produce high quality regulatory compliant clinical data for our clients
and consumers. This program includes: 

Ongoing
 internal audits, policy reviews, and procedure testing to ensure validation, audit trails, legacy systems, and record handling and
 retention adhere to the latest regulatory guidelines and best practices; and 

Regular
 third-party or client-initiated external audits to assess the compliance of OneMedNet to ensure operations are in accordance with
 the applicable regulations, standards, policies, and standard operating procedures. 

Human
Capital Resources 

Our
workforce is comprised of approximately 20 employees (as of December 31, 2023), including approximately 0 part-time employees (references
herein to employees include to the employees of our subsidiaries). Our Board of Directors and its committees oversee human
capital matters through regular reporting from management and advisors. 

16 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion 

We
are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion that embraces and supports our patients, colleagues, partners, physicians and communities.
Our policies prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, gender, disability, race, color, ancestry, citizenship, religion, pregnancy,
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, payment source
or ability, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. 

Compensation
and Benefits 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
(which vary by location of the employee) include a 2022 Stock Option Plan, health care and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible
spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, and employee assistance programs, among many others. 

Facilities 

Prior
to the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company s executive offices were located at Unit G6, Frome Business Park, Manor
Road, Frome, United Kingdom, BA11 4FN and its telephone number was +44 203 833 4000. The Company agreed to pay ARC Group Ltd., an affiliate
of the Sponsor, up to an amount of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support. For the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we had incurred 90,000 and 120,000 in fees under this agreement, respectively. Upon completion of our Business Combination,
the Company ceased paying these monthly fees. 

After
the Closing of the Business Combination, our headquarters is located at 6385 Old Shady Oak Road, Suite 250, Eden Prairie, MN 55344 and
our telephone number is (800) 918-7189, where we lease and occupy our office space with an aggregate floor area of approximately 67 square
feet from unrelated third parties under operating lease agreements. We believe our current office space is adequate for our current operations
and our anticipated future needs. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

As
a company with less than 1.235 billion in revenues during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company as defined
in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act enacted in 2012. As an emerging growth company, we expect to take
advantage of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but are not
limited to: 

being
 permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements,
 with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 disclosure; 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. 

Available
Information 

We
file with, or furnish to, the SEC reports, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free
of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website (www.sec.gov) and are also available free of charge on our corporate website (https://www.onemednet.com)
as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The foregoing website addresses are
provided as inactive textual references only. The information provided on our website (or any other website referred to in this Amended
Form 10-K) is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference as part of this Amended Form 10-K. 

17 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The risks and uncertainties we have described in this Amended Form 10-K
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may
also affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be successful in preventing the material adverse
effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. 

You
should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the other information contained in this Amended Form 10-K, including our historical
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Amended Form 10-K. Any one of these risks and uncertainties has the
potential to cause material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could cause actual
results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value of our Common
Stock and warrants. Refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have a history of operating losses and may never achieve profitability in the future . 

We
have experienced net losses in each annual period since inception. We generated net losses of 33.8 million and 30.5 million for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, we had accumulated losses of approximately 91.4 million. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant losses in the development, marketing, sale and delivery of our services. If we do not grow our
revenues or if we lose existing customers, we expect to continue to incur losses from operations for the foreseeable future. Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development, marketing, sale and delivery of our iRWD TM services,
we may experience larger than expected future losses and may never become profitable. Moreover, there is a substantial risk that we may
not be able to successfully commercialize our iRWD TM services, which would make it unlikely that we would ever achieve profitability. 

OneMedNet
believes it has demonstrated its quality and responsiveness in clinical imaging and curation of Real-World Data based upon success in
compiling one of the largest networks of imaging centers (comprised of hospitals, imaging centers and clinics) throughout the United
States covering more than 15 million patients to date. On the global front, OneMedNet works with hospitals and life science companies
around the world including in Ireland, United Kingdom, Ghana, Denmark and South Korea and growing. We base these claims on our understanding
of our competition in the United States and globally. However, if we were to lose these relationships with our network of imaging centers
or lose our customers or our competitors technology surpasses ours, our competitors could claim a greater market share domestically
or abroad, which could reduce our growth and our profits, which could harm our business, financial position, results of operations and
prospects. 

The
report of our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 contains an explanatory
paragraph regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
stated above, we have experienced net losses in each annual period since inception. We generated net losses of 33.8 million and 30.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 91.4 million. In their audit report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 included in this report, our auditors have expressed
their concern as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to generate cashflows from operations and obtain financing. We intend to continue funding our operations through equity and debt financing
arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements in the long term.
There can be no assurance that the steps management is taking will be successful. 

18 

One
significant customer represented 51 and 29 of our revenues for 2023 and 2022 respectively and is expected to continue to represent
a significant portion of our forecasted revenue for 2024. 

Change
Healthcare represented 51 and 29 of our revenues in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Change Healthcare is expected to continue to represent
a significant portion of our forecasted revenue for 2024. If we fail to maintain and grow our relationship with Change Healthcare, we
could lose a significant portion of our revenue for 2023, which would materially adversely affect our results of operations and our business.
If OneMedNet were to lose this significant customer, its revenue may significantly decline. In addition, revenue from this significant
customer may vary from period to period depending on the timing of renewing existing agreements or entering into new agreements for additional
OneMedNet products as well as other unforeseen risks and variables discussed in this Amended Form 10-K. The loss of this significant
customer could adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. You should not rely on our historical relationship
with these companies as an indication of our future performance. 

We
may encounter difficulties in managing our attempted growth of our business, which could negatively impact our operations. 

As
we expand, market, sell and deliver our service offerings, we anticipate that we will need to increase our service development, sales
and marketing and administrative headcount. Such an evolution may impact our strategic focus and our deployment and allocation of resources.
Our ability to manage our operations and growth effectively depends upon the continual improvement of our procedures, reporting systems
and operational, financial and management controls. We may not be able to implement administrative and operational improvements in an
efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. If we do not meet these challenges, we may
be unable to execute our business strategies and may be forced to expend more resources than anticipated addressing these issues. 

We
may acquire additional technology and complementary businesses in the future. Acquisitions involve many risks, any of which could materially
harm our business, including the diversion of management s attention from core business concerns, failure to effectively exploit
acquired technologies, failure to successfully integrate the acquired business or realize expected synergies or the loss of key employees
from either our business or the acquired businesses. 

19 

We
may be unable to execute our business objectives and growth strategies successfully or sustain our growth and, as a result, this could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

The
highly complex nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and manage our business objectives and growth strategies,
such as expanding our marketing and commercialization of our services in the U.S. and internationally, adding new customers, and increasing
our service delivery capacity. However, we may not be able to execute these strategies as effectively as anticipated. Our ability to
execute on these strategies depends on a number of factors, including, without limitation: 

our
 ability to obtain adequate capital resources to execute our growth plans; 

our
 ability to hire, train and retain skilled managers and personnel, including quality and production personnel, and marketing and commercial
 specialists; 

our
 ability to protect our existing and new services by registering and defending our intellectual property rights; and 

our
 ability to successfully add new customers. 

To
the extent we are unable to execute our growth strategies in accordance with our expectations, this could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and future results of operations. 

The
Real World Data and Real World Evidence business market continues to evolve and is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in
competing in this industry or establishing and maintaining confidence in our long-term business prospects among current and future partners
and customers. 

The
Real World Data and Real World Evidence business market in which we compete continues to evolve and is highly competitive. To date, we
have focused our efforts on our expertise in clinical imaging innovation solutions that connect healthcare providers and patients and
satisfy a crucial need for the life sciences. We offer direct access to clinical images and associated contextual patient records. OneMedNet
proved the commercial and regulatory viability of iRWD TM , a promising emerging market, that exactly matches OneMedNet s
life science partners case selection protocol. OneMedNet has the immediate ability to quickly search and extensively curate multi-layer
data from a federated group of healthcare facilities and to provide fast access to curated medical images that has proved the commercial
and regulatory viability of imaging Real World Data and covers the complete value chain in imaging Real World Data, validated by an increasing
federated network of providers. However, Real World Data and Real World Evidence has been increasingly adopted, and our current competitors
have, and future competitors may have, greater resources than we do and may also be able to devote greater resources to the development
of their current and future technologies. These competitors also may have greater access to customers and may be able to establish cooperative
or strategic relationships amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and competitive positioning. 

Developments
in improvements in Real World Data and Real World Evidence curation by competitors may materially adversely affect the sales, pricing
and gross margins of our business. If a competing technology or process is developed that has superior operational or price performance,
our business will be harmed. Similarly, if we fail to accurately predict and ensure that our Real World Data and Real World Evidence
offering can address customers changing needs or emerging technological trends, or if our customers fail to achieve the benefits
expected from our Real World Data and Real World Evidence offering, our business will be harmed. 

We
must continue to commit resources to develop our Real World Data and Real World Evidence technology in order to establish a competitive
position, and these commitments will be made without knowing whether such investments will result in products potential customers will
accept. There is no assurance we will successfully identify new customer requirements, develop and bring our Real World Data and Real
World Evidence to market on a timely basis, or that products and technologies developed by others will not render our Real World Data
and Real World Evidence obsolete or noncompetitive, any of which would adversely affect our business and operating results. 

20 

If
we are unable to attract and retain key employees and qualified personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 

We
depend on the talents and continued efforts of our senior management and key employees. The loss of members of our management or key
employees may disrupt our business and harm our results of operations. Further, our ability to manage further expansion will require
us to continue to attract, motivate and retain additional qualified personnel. Competition for this type of personnel is intense, and
we may not be successful in attracting, integrating and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business effectively.
There can be no assurance that our current management team or any new members of our management team will be able to successfully execute
our business and operating strategies. 

Our
inability to expand our development, use and adoption of artificial intelligence, or issues presented in our development, use and adoption
of artificial intelligence, could harm our reputation, expose us to liability and cause us to lose customers. 

We
currently incorporate certain AI capabilities into our solutions, and we endeavor to continue researching and developing AI capabilities
within our solutions. As with many innovative and disruptive technologies, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences,
many of which cannot be fully appreciated currently. These risks, challenges and unintended consequences could negatively affect further
adoption of AI in our solutions, impacting our ability to compete effectively within the regulatory-grade imaging RWD industry. AI algorithms
and the training methodologies for such algorithms may contain flaws, which could result in ineffective, inadequate, or inaccurate AI
capabilities, or could impair customer or partner acceptance of our solutions leveraging such AI capabilities. Should we develop and
incorporate flawed AI capabilities within our solutions, such flaws would negatively impact our brand and reputation, increase costs
to develop and implement new AI capabilities, or lead to a decline in sales revenue. Such impacts would harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Because
AI is an emerging technology with a developing legal and regulatory landscape both in the United States and globally, incorporating AI
into our solutions and internal business processes could result in an increased risk of litigation and regulatory non-compliance due
to changes in laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, privacy, or data protection. Our obligations
to comply with current and future legal and regulatory obligations in the United States and worldwide could require us to incur significant
costs to achieve compliance, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, or may hinder
our ability to incorporate AI capabilities into our solutions or distribute our solutions in certain markets. 

As
we continue to develop ways to leverage AI capabilities within our internal business operations to create economic efficiencies for our
business, the use of AI capabilities in our internal business operations could present risks and challenges. While we strive to use AI
in an ethical and compliant manner, we may be unsuccessful in identifying and/or resolving ethical or legal issues before they arise,
which could increase our legal and regulatory risks, including, but not limited to, data privacy and security, leading to the improper
transmission of proprietary or sensitive information, whether or not intentional. We could fail to implement and maintain the AI tools
we develop, may incur significant research and development costs without achieving the anticipated economic efficiencies we desire, and/or
may fail to establish adequate AI governance processes safeguards, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

21 

A
material breach in security relating to the Company s information systems and regulation related to such breaches, cyber-attacks,
or other disruptions could adversely affect the Company, expose us to liability and affect our business and reputation. 

Information
security risks have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the
Internet, and the increased sophistication and activity of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, cybercriminals and other
external parties, some of which may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Cybersecurity attacks are becoming
more sophisticated and include malicious software, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security
breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information
and corruption of data, substantially damaging the Company s reputation. Any person who circumvents the security measures could
steal proprietary or confidential information or cause interruptions in the Company s operations. 

We
are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and infrastructure for our business. We, our collaborators and our service
providers collect, store, and transmit sensitive information including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personal
information in connection with our business operations. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and
business strategy. Some of this information could be an attractive target of criminal attack by third parties with a wide range of motives
and expertise, including organized criminal groups, hacktivists, disgruntled current or former employees, nation-state
and nation-state supported actors, and others. Cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication, and despite our security
measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to such attacks or may be breached, including due to employee
error or malfeasance. 

We
have implemented information security measures to protect our systems, proprietary information, and sensitive data against the risk of
inappropriate and unauthorized external use and disclosure and other types of compromise. However, despite these measures, and due to
the ever-changing information cyber-threat landscape, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be adequate to detect, prevent or
mitigate security breaches and other incidents and we may be subject to data breaches through cyber-attacks, malicious code (such as
viruses and worms), phishing attacks, social engineering schemes, and insider theft or misuse. Any such breach could compromise our networks,
and the information stored there could be accessed, modified, destroyed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. If our systems become compromised,
we may not promptly discover the intrusion. 

Any
security breach or other incident, whether real or perceived, could cause us to suffer reputational damage. Such incidents could result
in costs to respond to, investigate and remedy such incidents, notification obligations to affected individuals, government agencies,
credit reporting agencies and other third parties, legal claims or proceedings, and liability under our contracts with other parties
and federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information. The Company s failure to prevent security
breaches, or well-publicized security breaches affecting the Internet in general, could significantly harm the Company s reputation
and business and financial results. 

If
we are unable to adequately protect or expand our intellectual property related to our current or future products, our business prospects
could be harmed. 

Our
success, competitive position and future revenues will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection
for our products, methods, processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing
on our proprietary rights and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. 

We
will be able to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our
proprietary rights are effectively maintained as trade secrets. Our industry involves complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore,
we cannot predict with certainty whether we will be able to ultimately enforce our proprietary intellectual property rights. Therefore,
any intellectual property rights that may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and may not provide us with the protection against
competitors that we anticipate. The degree of future protection for our proprietary intellectual property rights is uncertain because
legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. 

22 

If
we fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face increased costs,
penalties and a loss of business. 

Our
activities, and the activities of our collaborators, partners and third-party providers, are subject to extensive government regulation
and oversight both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. The FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions directly
regulate many of our most critical business activities, including product manufacturing, advertising and promotion, product distribution,
adverse event reporting and product risk management. States increasingly have been placing greater restrictions on the marketing practices
of healthcare companies and have instituted pricing disclosure and other requirements for companies in the health sciences industry.
In addition, health sciences companies have been the target of lawsuits and investigations alleging violations of government regulations,
including claims asserting submission of incorrect pricing information, improper promotion of products, payments intended to influence
the referral of federal or state healthcare business, submission of false claims for government reimbursement, antitrust violations,
violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, or violations
related to environmental matters. There is also enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including insurance
premium and co-pay assistance programs and donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. Violations of governmental
regulation by us, our customers, and our partners may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including damages, fines and penalties
and exclusion from participation in government programs. Actions taken by federal or local governments, legislative bodies and enforcement
agencies with respect to these legal and regulatory compliance matters could also result in reduced demand for our products. We cannot
ensure that our compliance controls, policies, and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts committed by our employees,
collaborators, partners or third-party providers that would violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Whether or not we have complied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful conduct could increase our expenses, damage our
reputation, divert management time and attention and adversely affect our business, and any settlement of these proceedings could result
in significant payments by us. Risks relating to compliance with laws and regulations may be heightened as we continue to expand our
global operations, which may result in additional regulatory burdens and obligations. 

Our
collection, use, and disclosure of personal information is subject to U.S. state and federal privacy and security regulations, and our
failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational
harm. 

The
privacy and security of personal information stored, maintained, received, or transmitted, including electronically, is a major issue
in the U.S. and abroad. Numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state privacy, data security and breach notification
laws, federal and state consumer protection and employment laws, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ),
as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination
Act of 2008, govern the collection, dissemination, use, and confidentiality of personal information, including genetic, biometric, and
health information. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, may change frequently, and sometimes conflict.
Penalties for violations of these laws vary but can be severe. 

While
we strive to comply with all applicable privacy and security laws and regulations, including our own posted privacy policies, these laws
and regulations continue to evolve, and any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by
government entities or others or could cause us to lose customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Recently,
there has been an increase in public awareness of privacy issues in the wake of revelations about the data collection activities of various
government agencies and in the number of private privacy-related lawsuits filed against companies. Concerns about our practices with
regard to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded
and even if we are in compliance with applicable laws, could damage our reputation and harm our business. 

23 

Our
operations could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of natural disasters and other catastrophic events. 

Our
operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars, health epidemics such as the
COVID-19 pandemic, and other calamities . We cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the
effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or
similar events. Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures
or internet failures, which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect
our ability to provide services. 

Our
ability to utilize our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

In
general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to
limitations on its ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards NOLs to offset future taxable income.
An ownership change is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership
by certain stockholders over a three-year period. If we have experienced an ownership change at any time since our incorporation, we
may already be subject to limitations on our ability to utilize our existing NOLs and other tax attributes to offset taxable income or
tax liability. In addition, the Business Combination and future changes in our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control,
may trigger an ownership change. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes.
As a result, even if we earn net taxable income in the future, our ability to use these or our pre-change NOL carryforwards and other
tax attributes to offset such taxable income or tax liability may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased
future income tax liability to us. The Company has not yet conducted a formal study of whether, or to what extent, past changes in control
of the Company impacts its ability to utilize NOL carryforwards because such NOL carryforwards cannot be utilized until the Company achieves
profitability. 

There
is also a risk that changes in law or regulatory changes made in response to the need for some jurisdictions to raise additional revenue
to help counter the fiscal impact from unforeseen reasons, including suspensions on the use of net operating losses or tax credits, possibly
with retroactive effect, may result in our existing net operating losses or tax credits expiring or otherwise being unavailable to offset
future income tax liabilities. 

We
are subject to many hazards and operational risks that can disrupt our business, some of which may not be insured or fully covered by
insurance. 

Our
operations are subject to many hazards and operational risks inherent to our business, including: (a) general business risks; (b) warranty
liability; and (c) damage to third parties (e.g., our vendors), our infrastructure or properties caused by fires, floods and other natural
disasters, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, riots, cyberattacks, public health crises such as the COVID-19
pandemic (and other future pandemics or epidemics), human errors and similar events. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, or similar
pandemics, we have and may in the future experience disruptions that could severely impact our business and the business of our customers. 

Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover our liabilities related to such hazards or operational risks. For example, we do not currently
maintain cybersecurity insurance and our insurance providers may take the position that our coverage, under present circumstances, does
not extend to business interruptions. In addition, we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider
reasonable and commercially justifiable, and insurance may not continue to be available on terms as favorable as our current arrangements.
The occurrence of a significant uninsured claim or a claim in excess of the insurance coverage limits maintained by us could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
Common Stock may be subject to extreme volatility. 

The
trading price of our Common Stock may be subject to extreme volatility. We cannot predict the magnitude of future fluctuations in the
trading price of our Common Stock. The trading price of our Common Stock may be affected by a number of factors, including events described
in this section entitled, Risk Factors and in our other periodic reports filed with the SEC from time to time, as well
as our operating results, financial condition and other events or factors. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse
effect on your investment in our securities. Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 

24 

announcements
 by us or our competitors regarding technical developments and levels of performance achieved by our or their Real World Data and
 Real World Evidence offering; 

announcements
 by us regarding developments in our relationship with existing and future key customers; 

our
 ability to bring our products and technologies to market on a timely basis, or at all; 

our
 operating results or development efforts failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

Actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
 to us; 

changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results or the Real World Data and Real World Evidence industry; 

success
 of competitors actual or perceived development efforts; 

changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Company or the Real World Data and Real World Evidence
 industry in general; 

operating
 and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company; 

disputes
 or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain intellectual
 property protection for our technologies; 

changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

our
 ability to meet compliance requirements; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company; 

changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the
 volume of shares of Common Stock available for public sale; 

the
 level of demand for our Common Stock, including the amount of short interest in our Common Stock; 

any
 major change in our Board of Directors or management; 

sales
 of substantial amounts of shares of our Common Stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception
 that such sales could occur; 

the
 expiration of contractual lock-up agreements with our executive officers, directors and certain stockholders, which we have entered
 into and may enter into in the future from time to time; and 

general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of
 war or terrorism. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general, and the Nasdaq in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities,
may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors
perceive to be similar to the Company could depress our share price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results
of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities
and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

Following
certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we may become subject to securities litigation. We have experienced,
and may in the future experience, additional litigation following periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

25 

We
are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on Nasdaq or any stock exchange,
our stock price could be adversely affected and the liquidity of our stock and our ability to obtain financing could be impaired and
it may be more difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. 

Although
our Common Stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we may not be able to continue to meet the exchange s minimum
listing requirements or those of any other national exchange. If we are unable to maintain listing on Nasdaq or if a liquid market for
our Common Stock does not develop or is sustained, our Common Stock may remain thinly traded. 

On
February 7, 2024, the Company received written notice (the MVLS Nasdaq Notice from Nasdaq indicating that for the preceding
30 consecutive business days, the market value of the Company s listed securities MVLS did not maintain a minimum
market value of 50,000,000 (the Minimum MVLS Requirement as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A). In accordance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company had a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until August 5, 2024, to regain
compliance with the Minimum MVLS Requirement. Compliance could have been achieved if the Company s MVLS closed at 50,000,000 or
more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days at any time during the 180-day compliance period, in which case Nasdaq would notify
the Company of its compliance and the matter would be closed. 

If
the Company did not regain compliance with the Minimum MVLS Requirement by August 5, 2024, Nasdaq would have provided written notification
to the Company that its Common Stock was subject to delisting. At that time, the Company could have appealed the relevant delisting determination
to a hearings panel pursuant to the procedures set forth in the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Company sought to apply for a transfer
to The Nasdaq Capital Market, and on August 15, 2024, the Company received approval from Nasdaq to list the Common Stock and Public Warrants
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Common Stock and Public Warrants were transferred from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq Capital
Market at the opening of business on August 19, 2024, and continue to trade under the symbols ONMD and ONMDW, 
respectively. 

On
March 26, 2024, the Company received written notice (the Bid Price Nasdaq Notice from Nasdaq notifying the Company that,
for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, the Common Stock did not meet the minimum bid
price of 1.00 per share requirement (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1).
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company had a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until September 23,
2024, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. Compliance could have been achieved if the closing bid price of the
Company s Common Stock was at least 1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. On June 10, 2024, the Nasdaq staff determined
that for the prior 11 consecutive business days, from May 23, 2024, to June 7, 2024, the closing bid price of the Company s Common
Stock had been at 1.00 per share or greater. Accordingly, the Company regained compliance with Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), and this matter
was closed. 

On
June 20, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice ),
which indicated that, as a result of the Company s delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the fiscal quarter ended
March 31, 2024 (the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q by the applicable due date, the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5250(c)(1) (the Periodic Report Rule ), which requires Nasdaq-listed companies to timely file all required periodic
financial reports with the SEC. The Q1 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice stated that the Company had 60 calendar days to submit to Nasdaq
a plan to regain compliance with the Periodic Report Rule. If Nasdaq accepted the Company s plan to regain compliance, then Nasdaq
could have granted the Company up to 180 calendar days from the prescribed due date of the Form 10-Q to regain compliance. 

On
September 9, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Q2 2024 Form 10 Q Nasdaq Notice ),
which indicated that, as a result of the Company s delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2024 (together with the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q, the Delinquent Filings by the applicable due date, the Company was
not in compliance with the Periodic Report Rule, which requires Nasdaq listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial
reports with the SEC. 

On
September 10, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Compliance Plan Notice ), which responded
to the Company s plan to regain compliance regarding its delinquent Q1 2024 Form 10 Q, granting the Company an exception until
October 31, 2024 to file the Delinquent Filings with the SEC and regain compliance with the Periodic Report Rule. In the event the Company
does not regain compliance with the Periodic Report Rule by October 31, 2024, Nasdaq will provide written notification that the Company s
securities will be delisted. At that time, the Company may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a hearings panel. 

26 

On
October 8, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Second MVLS Nasdaq Notice indicating
that for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, the Company s MVLS was below the minimum of 35 million required for continued
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). The staff at Nasdaq also noted in the Second MVLS Nasdaq
Notice that the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires listed companies to maintain a minimum
stockholders equity of 2.5 million, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(3), which requires listed companies to maintain a minimum
of 500,000 of net income from continuing operations. In accordance with Nasdaq listing rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar
days, or until April 7, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum MVLS Requirement. Compliance may be achieved if the Company s
MVLS closes at 35 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days at any time during the 180-day compliance period, in
which case Nasdaq will notify the Company of its compliance and the matter will be closed, If the Company does not regain compliance
by the end of the 180-day compliance period, Nasdaq staff will provide written notice to the Company that its securities are subject
to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to a hearings panel. 

On
October 16, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Second Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, 
and together with the MVLS Nasdaq Notice, the Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice, the Q2 2024 Form 10 Q Nasdaq
Notice, the Nasdaq Compliance Plan Notice, and the Second MVLS Nasdaq Notice, the Nasdaq Notices notifying the Company
that, for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Second Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, the Common Stock did not meet the
Minimum Bid Price Requirement as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the
Company has 180 calendar days, or until April 14, 2025, to regain compliance. The Second Bid Price Nasdaq Notice notes that to regain
compliance, the Common Stock must maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 for at least ten consecutive business days at any time
during the 180-day compliance period. In the event the Company does not regain compliance by the end of the 180-day compliance period,
the Company may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance. To qualify for additional time, the Company must (i) meet the continued
listing requirement for the market value of its publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market,
with the exception of the bid price requirement and (ii) provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second
compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If the Company meets these requirements, the Company may be granted
an additional 180 calendar days to regain compliance. However, if it appears to Nasdaq that the Company will be unable to cure the deficiency,
or if the Company is not otherwise eligible for the additional cure period, Nasdaq will provide written notice to the Company that its
securities are subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to a hearings panel. 

The
Nasdaq Notices received have no immediate effect on the Company s continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market or the trading
of the Company s Common Stock, subject to the Company s compliance with the other continued listing requirements. The Company
is presently evaluating potential actions to regain compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in maintaining the listing of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. 

The
listing rules of Nasdaq require listing issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any
reason, we should fail to maintain compliance with these listing standards and Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its
exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may
occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our stockholders: 

27 

the
 liquidity of our Common Stock; 

the
 market price of our Common Stock; 

our
 ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 

the
 number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our Common Stock; 

the
 number of investors in general that will consider investing in our Common Stock; 

the
 number of market makers in our Common Stock; 

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our Common Stock; and 

the
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our Common Stock. 

Our
principal stockholders will continue to have significant influence over the election of our Board of Directors and approval of any significant
corporate actions, including any sale of the Company. 

Our
founders, executive officers, directors, and other principal stockholders, in the aggregate, beneficially own a majority of our outstanding
stock. These stockholders currently have, and likely will continue to have, significant influence with respect to the election of our
Board of Directors and approval or disapproval of all significant corporate actions. The concentrated voting power of these stockholders
could have the effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition of the Company or another significant corporate transaction. 

We
could be subject to securities class action litigation. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following a decline in the market price of their
securities. In 2020, 22 of securities class action litigation filings were against defendants in the health technology and services
sector, which accounted for 22 of new filings. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s
attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for our Common Stock and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who
covers us downgrades our Common Stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for our Common
Stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for our Common Stock
to decline. 

28 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, and you must rely on price appreciation of your shares of Common Stock for
return on your investment. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation
to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our shares. Any determination
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations,
financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our Board of Directors deems
relevant. 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock,
either by us or by our existing stockholders, or the possibility that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price
of our Common Stock. 

Future
sales in the public market of shares of our Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of
Common Stock, shares held by our existing stockholders or shares issued upon exercise of our outstanding stock options or warrants, or
the perception by the market that these sales could occur, could lower the market price of our Common Stock or make it difficult for
us to raise additional capital. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including, among other things, exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the closing of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the end of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those
standards apply to private companies. We may elect not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards
and, therefore, may be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some
investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share
price may be more volatile. 

29 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying
or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our Board of Directors without stockholder approval and may contain
 voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our Common Stock; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

limiting
 the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings; 

requiring
 advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates
 for election to our Board of Directors; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of Board of Directors and stockholder meetings; and 

providing
 our Board of Directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled
 special meetings. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. As a Delaware
corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding Common Stock from engaging in certain business combinations without
approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding Common Stock. 

Any
provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control
could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the
price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 

Risks
Related to Being a Public Company 

Our
management has limited experience in operating a public company. 

Our
executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or
effectively manage the significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws to which we are now subject
now that we are a public company. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies
could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which
will result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of our Company. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate
level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required
of public companies in the United States. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve
the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the United States may require costs greater than expected. It is possible
that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which
will increase our operating costs in future periods. 

30 

We
have incurred and will continue to incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
currently face and will continue to face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company
that Legacy ONMD did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules
and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules
and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the securities exchanges,
impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements has increased and
will continue to increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements will require us to carry
out activities we have not done previously. For example, we have created new Board of Directors committees and adopted new internal controls
and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements have been and will continue
to be incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, the auditors identified
a material weakness and significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying
those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. It may also be more
expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with our status as a public company may make it more difficult
to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other
obligations imposed by these rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase legal and financial compliance costs and
the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs have required and will continue to require
us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy
efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further
increase costs. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and if our remediation of these material weaknesses
is not effective, or if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting in the future, we may not
be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or operating results, which may adversely affect our business. 

In
October 2024, we identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting related to user access/segregation
of duties, lack of a formalized control environment and oversight of controls over financial reporting, error in accounting for non-routine
transactions, and lack of record keeping. Upon re-evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2023, management has determined that, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that we will adequately remediate the material weaknesses or that additional material
weaknesses in our internal controls will not be identified in the future. Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved
controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result in additional material weaknesses, or could result in
material misstatements in our financial statements. Such misstatements have resulted in the restatement of the financial statements included
in this Amended Form 10-K, and misstatements could result in future restatements of our financial statements, cause us to fail to meet
our reporting obligations in addition to stock exchange listing requirements, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, result in a decline in our stock price, and cause us to be subject to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. 

We
are in the process of remediating the identified material weaknesses in our internal controls, but we are unable at this time to estimate
when the remediation efforts will be completed. If we fail to remediate these material weaknesses, there will continue to be an increased
risk that our future financial statements could contain errors that will be undetected. We cannot assure you that the measures we have
taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. The potential
consequences of any material weakness could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Further and continued determinations that there are material weaknesses in the effectiveness of our internal controls could impact the
operations of our business, including our ability to obtain financing, impact the cost of any financing we obtain or require additional
expenditures of resources to comply with applicable requirements. 

31 

Our
business model is capital-intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all, and any additional
capital we do raise through issuances of equity securities could be dilutive to stockholders. If we cannot raise additional capital when
needed, our operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
can be expected to continue to sustain substantial operating expenses without generating sufficient revenues to cover expenditures. Over
time, we expect that we will need to raise additional funds, including through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities
or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, ongoing costs, any
significant unplanned or accelerated expenses, and new strategic investments. We cannot be certain that additional capital will be available
on attractive terms, if at all, when needed, which could be dilutive to stockholders, and our financial condition, results of operations,
business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our Warrants 

We
may redeem unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to Warrant holders. 

Our
Public Warrants (as defined below) are currently exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. We have the
ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that the last
reported sales price of Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to Warrant holders and provided certain other conditions
are met. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption rights even if we are unable to register or
qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the Warrants, as set
forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the Warrants. 

Redemption
of the outstanding Warrants could force Warrant holders (i) to exercise their Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so, (ii) to sell their Warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise
wish to hold their Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for
redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of their Warrants. None of the private placement warrants will
be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity 

OneMedNet
manages cybersecurity and data protection through a continuously evolving framework, as described in further detail below. The framework
allows us to identify, assess and mitigate the risks we face, and assists us in establishing policies and safeguards to protect our systems
and the information of those we serve. Our cybersecurity program is managed by James Wang, our Chief Technology Officer. James holds
a degree in computer science from the University of Hawaii at Manoa and has 19 years of development experience focused on architecture
and security. In his career, he has led initiatives for companies to attain SOC2 compliance and PCI compliance for their product solutions.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight of our cybersecurity program and is responsible for reviewing and assessing
the Company s cybersecurity and data protection policies, procedures and resource commitment, including key risk areas and mitigation
strategies. As part of this process, the Audit Committee receives regular updates from the Chief Technology Officer on critical issues
related to our information security risks, cybersecurity strategy, supplier risk and business continuity capabilities. The Company s
framework includes an incident management and response program that continuously monitors the Company s information systems for
vulnerabilities, threats and incidents; manages and takes action to contain incidents that occur; remediates vulnerabilities; and communicates
the details of threats and incidents to management, including the Director Product Management, Head of Data, as deemed necessary or appropriate.
Pursuant to the Company s incident response plan, any incidents are to be reported by the Chief Technology Officer to the Audit
Committee, appropriate government agencies and other authorities, as deemed necessary or appropriate, considering the actual or potential
impact, significance and scope. The Company is not aware of any previous cybersecurity incidents or threats that are reasonably likely
to materially affect its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 

32 

We
employ an array of data security technologies, processes, and methods across our infrastructure to protect systems and sensitive information
from unauthorized access. OneMedNet maintains comprehensive identity and access management practices e.g., roles and access privileges
for each user; multi-factor authentication, privileged user accounts, single sign-on, user lifecycle management) and employs a variety
of security information and event management tools. We developed, maintained and utilized a global integrated information security framework
to guide our practices, based on relevant industry frameworks and laws, including, but not limited to NIST, GxP, HITRUST, the ISO 27000
family, COBIT, GDPR, and HIPAA. 

The
framework consists of policies, standards, procedures, work instructions and documentation. Information is classified into four categories
to help individuals apply the right level of controls and safeguards to information, applications and systems. Our cybersecurity program
focuses on all areas of our business, including cloud-based environments, data centers, devices used by employees and contractors, facilities,
networks, applications, vendors, disaster recovery / business continuity and controls and safeguards enabled through business processes
and tools. We continuously monitor for threats and unauthorized access. 

We
draw on the knowledge and insight of external cybersecurity experts and vendors, and our Chief Technology Officer s experience
in building solutions that are secure and compliant with our information security framework. OneMedNet leverages an array of security
services and tools to secure OneMedNet information infrastructure and protect systems and information from unauthorized access. OneMedNet s
products and solutions, including 3 rd party software and services such as hosted cloud based platforms are monitored by a
healthcare cloud, security and compliance organization that provides a real-time dashboard to monitor for potential threats and vulnerabilities.
Non-technical safeguards also play an important role in our cybersecurity program. We provide various training programs and tools to
employees so they can avoid risky practices and help us promptly identify potential or actual issues. We also have global incident response
procedures, global service tools to log incidents and issues for investigation, and an ethics line to report concerns and follow up on
matters already reported. The Compliance team, led by our Chief Technology Officer, develops and implements our strategy, as well as
monitors systems and devices for risks and threats. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters in Eden Prairie, Minnesota is leased on a month-to-month basis. We have a remote work policy that allows for all
employees to be remote on an ongoing basis. As a result, our employees are in permanent remote status and are not required to report
to an office for work. We believe our current office space is adequate for our current operations and our anticipated future needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
may be subject from time to time to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties,
and could result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions or relief. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings
that, in the opinion of management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

We
intend to recognize provisions for claims or pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable, and the amount
of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertain nature of litigation, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement
may materially vary from estimates. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information for Common Stock and Warrants 

As
of August 19, 2024, our Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ONMD . Our Public Warrants,
each entitling the holder to purchase one share of our Common Stock, are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ONMDW . 

Holders
of our Common Stock 

As
of November 5, 2024, there were approximately 38 holders of record of our Common Stock. Certain shares of our Common Stock are held in
 street name and, accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing
number. The number of holders of record also does not include beneficial owners of shares that are held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Performance
Graph 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and therefore are not required to provide
the information required by paragraph (e) of Item 201 of Regulation S-K. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
June 28, 2023, the Company executed the PIPE SPA in connection with a PIPE financing in the aggregate original principal amount of 1,595,744.70
and a purchase price of 1.5 million. Pursuant to the PIPE SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE Investors the PIPE Notes,
which shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock at the PIPE Investors election at the conversion price (rounded
to the nearest 1/100th of one cent) which shall be computed as the lower of (i) 10.00 per share, and (ii) 92.5 of the lowest VWAP for
the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the conversion date, subject to the floor price of 1.14 (representing 20 of the closing
price of the Common Stock on the last trading day before the closing of the Business Combination), or the alternative conversion ratio
of the greater of the floor price and the lesser of 80 of the VWAP of the common stock as of the trading day and 80 of the price computed
as the quotient of the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the three trading days with the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock
during the fifteen consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery
of the applicable conversion notice, divided by three. All such determinations are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.
The PIPE Notes mature on the first anniversary of the issuance date, or November 7, 2024. 

Purchases
of Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

There
were no purchases of equity securities by the issuer or affiliated purchasers, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act during
the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 

34 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that appear
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion
of certain risks associated with our business. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts. The use of words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, 
 intend, plan, believe, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any
discussion of future operating or financial performance. From time to time, we also may provide forward-looking statements in other materials
we release to the public. 

Company
Overview 

Founded
in 2015, Legacy ONMD provides innovative solutions that unlock the significant value contained within the clinical image archives of
healthcare providers. Employing our OneMedNet iRWD solution, which securely de-identifies, searches, and curates a data archive
locally, bringing a wealth of internal and third-party research opportunities to providers. By leveraging our extensive federated provider
network, together with our technology and in-house clinical expertise, OneMedNet successfully meets the most rigorous Real World Data
life science requirements. 

Business
Combination 

On
November 7, 2023, we held the Closing of the Business Combination whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy ONMD, with Legacy ONMD
continuing as the surviving entity, which resulted in all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Legacy ONMD being exchanged
for shares of the Company s Common Stock upon the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement. The Merger and other transactions that
closed on November 7, 2023, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, led to Data Knights changing its name to OneMedNet Corporation 
and the business of the Company became the business of Legacy ONMD. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the total consideration for the Business Combination and related transactions (the Merger
Consideration was approximately 200 million. In connection with the Special Meeting, certain public holders (the Redeeming
Stockholders holding 1,600,741 shares of Common Stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the
funds held by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee Continental in the trust account established
in connection with Data Knights initial public offering (the Trust Account ). Effective November 7, 2023, Data Knights 
units ceased trading, and effective November 8, 2023, the Common Stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ONMD 
and the Public Warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ONMDW. 

As
a result of the Merger and the Business Combination, holders of Data Knights common stock automatically received common stock of OneMedNet,
and holders of Data Knights warrants automatically received warrants of OneMedNet with substantively identical terms. At the Closing
of the Business Combination, all shares of Data Knights owned by the Sponsor (consisting of shares of Common Stock and shares of Class
B common stock, which we refer to as the founder shares), automatically converted into an equal number of shares of OneMedNet s
Common Stock, and the Private Placement Warrants held by the Sponsor automatically converted into warrants to purchase one share of OneMedNet
Common Stock with substantively identical terms. 

35 

Key
Components of Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Revenue 

The
Company generates revenue from two streams: (1) iRWD, which provides regulatory grade imaging and clinical data in the pharmaceutical,
device manufacturing, contract research organizations, and AI markets and (2) BEAM, which is a medical imaging exchange platform between
hospital/healthcare systems, imaging centers, physicians and patients. iRWD is sold on a fixed fee basis based on the number of data
units and the cost per data unit committed to in the customer contract. Revenue is recognized when the data is delivered to the customer.
BEAM revenue is subscription-based revenue that is recognized ratably over the subscription period committed to by the customer. The
Company invoices its BEAM customers quarterly or annually in advance with the customer contracts automatically renewing unless the customer
issues a cancellation notice. 

The
Company excludes from revenue taxes collected from a customer that are assessed by a governmental authority and imposed on and concurrent
with a specific revenue-producing transaction. The transaction price for the products is the invoiced amount. Advanced billings from
contracts are deferred and recognized as revenue when earned. Deferred revenue consists of payments received in advance of performance
under the contract. Such amounts are generally recognized as revenue over the contractual period. The Company receives payments from
customers based upon contractual billing schedules. Accounts receivable is recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional.
Payment terms on invoiced amounts typically range from zero to 90 days, with typical terms of 30 days. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Our
cost of revenue is composed of our distinct performance obligations of hosting, labor, and data cost. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative functions include finance, legal, human resources, and information technology support. These functions include costs
for items such as salaries and benefits and other personnel-related costs, maintenance and supplies, professional fees for external legal,
accounting, and other consulting services, and depreciation expense. 

Operations 

Operations
consists primarily of labor cost for our operations team who provides services to our customers. 

Research
and Development 

Costs
incurred in the research and development of our products are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include personnel,
contracted services, materials, and indirect costs involved in the design and development of new products and services, as well as hosting
expense. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
sales and marketing costs consist of labor and tradeshow costs. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense consists of interest incurred on shareholder loans. 

36 

Other
(Income) Expenses, Net 

Other
(income) expenses, net, primarily includes the changes in fair value of convertible debt and change in fair value of PIPE Notes for which
we have elected the fair value option of accounting. Convertible notes payable, which include convertible promissory notes and PIPE Notes
issued to related parties, including accrued interest and contingently issuable warrants, contain embedded derivatives, including settlement
of the contingent conversion features, which require bifurcation and separate accounting. Accordingly, we have elected to measure the
entire contingently convertible debt instruments, including accrued interest, at fair value. These debt instruments were initially recorded
at fair value as liabilities and are subsequently re-measured at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet at the end of each reporting
period and at settlement, as applicable. Other income or expenses, net, also includes changes in fair value of loan extensions, deferred
underwriting fees and warrants which are treated as liability instruments measured at fair value for accounting purposes, initially recorded
at fair value and subsequently re-measured to fair value on our consolidated balance sheets at the end of each reporting period. The
changes in the fair value of these debt and liability instruments are recorded in changes in fair value, included as a component of other
(income) expenses, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

At
the Closing of the Business Combination, convertible promissory notes were converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the Closing
and were no longer outstanding as of the Closing Date. 

Other
(income) expenses, net, also includes foreign exchange and tax expenses related to the Company s operations and revenue outside
of the United States. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following tables set forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods presented: 

For
 the year ended December 31, 
 Change
 2023 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue 

Subscription
 revenue 
 878 
 678 
 200 
 29 
 
 Web
 imaging revenue 
 143 
 475 
 (332 
 -70 
 
 Total
 revenue 
 1,021 
 1,153 
 (132 
 -11 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 1,150 
 1,513 
 (363 
 -24 
 
 Gross
 margin 
 (129 
 (360 
 231 
 -64 
 
 Operating
 expenses 

General
 and administrative 
 3,544 
 4,806 
 (1,262 
 -26 
 
 Sales
 and marketing 
 1,115 
 958 
 157 
 16 
 
 Research
 and development 
 2,065 
 1,591 
 474 
 30 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 6,724 
 7,355 
 (631 
 -9 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (6,853 
 (7,715 
 862 
 -11 
 
 Other
 (income) expense, net 

Interest
 expense 
 11 
 - 
 11 
 N/A 
 
 Stock
 warrant expense 
 9,207 
 8,073 
 1,134 
 14 
 
 Change
 in fair value of warrants 
 (129 
 - 
 (129 
 N/A 
 
 Change
 in fair value of PIPE notes 
 269 
 - 
 269 
 N/A 
 
 Change
 in fair value of convertible promissory notes 
 17,517 
 14,616 
 2,901 
 20 
 
 Other
 expense 
 34 
 30 
 4 
 13 
 
 Total
 other (income) expenses, net 
 26,909 
 22,719 
 4,190 
 18 
 
 Loss
 before income taxes 
 (33,762 
 (30,434 
 (3,328 
 11 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 18 
 17 
 1 
 6 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (33,780 
 (30,451 
 (3,329 
 11 

37 

Revenue 

For
 the year ended December 31, 
 Change
 2023 

2023 
 2022 

Subscription
 revenue (Beam) 
 878 
 678 
 200 
 29 
 
 Web
 imaging revenue (Real-World Data) 
 143 
 475 
 (332 
 -70 
 
 Total 
 1,021 
 1,153 
 (132 
 -11 

Our revenue is comprised of sales made from our subscription revenue (BEAM)
and from our web imaging (RWD). For the year ended December 31, 2023, overall revenue was down by 11 . The primary driver for the subscription
revenue increase was delivery of revenue to a significant customer. The primary driver for the decrease in web imaging revenue was revenue
deliveries pushed to the first quarter of 2024. 

Cost of Revenue 

For
 the year ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 1,150 
 1,513 

of revenue 
 113 
 131 

In 2023 we were able to reduce our cost of revenue
as a percentage of revenue by 18 . In the year ended 2023 our software cost, iRWD consultants and iRWD Data cost each decreased by 0.2
million 0.6 million total). The decrease in cost of revenue was partially offset by a 0.2 million increase in payroll expenses.

General
and Administrative 

Our
general and administrative expense decreased 1.3 million, or 26 , to 3.5 million for 2023 from 4.8 million for 2022. The decrease
is primarily due to a decrease in stock compensation expense of 0.2 million, board of director warrant expense of 1.2 million, recruiting
fees of 0.2 million and bad debt expense of 0.2 million. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was partially offset by
 0.3 million in additional employees salaries. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
sales marketing expense increased 0.2 million, or 16 , to 1.1 million for 2023 from 1.0 million for 2022. The increase is due
to the addition of an employee and consultant in 2023. 

Research
and development 

Our
research and development expense increased 0.5 million, or 30 , to 2.1 million for 2023 from 1.6 million for 2022. The increase is
primarily due to the additional cost in salaries for curators, consultants and increased hosting costs, which increased by 0.4 million,
 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively. The increase is partially offset by a 0.2 million decrease in stock compensation expense. 

Income
tax provision 

For
the year ended 2023, the Company recorded a tax provision of 18 thousand due to the earnings of its Canadian subsidiary. As a result
of its U.S. taxable loss, no U.S. federal or state tax provision was recorded. 

Interest
Expense 

The
Company incurred interest expense on loans made from related parties (Management and Directors). Interest expense for the year ended
2023 was immaterial. 

38 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrants 

The
change in fair value of Warrants was due to the Closing of the Business Combination and the resulting fluctuations in the market price
of shares of Common Stock . 

Change
in Fair Value of PIPE Notes 

The
change in fair value of PIPE Notes was due to the resulting fluctuations in the market price of shares of Common Stock . 

Change
in Fair Value of Convertible Debt 

The
change in fair value of convertible debt was due to the Closing of the Business Combination and the resulting fluctuations of the market
price of shares of Common Stock . 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measure 

In
addition to providing financial measurements based on GAAP, we provide an additional financial metric that is not prepared in accordance
with GAAP (a non-GAAP financial measure ). We use this non-GAAP financial measure, in addition to GAAP financial measures,
to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for financial and operational decision making, for planning and
forecasting purposes, to measure executive compensation, and to evaluate our financial performance. This non-GAAP financial measure is
Adjusted EBITDA, as discussed below. 

We
believe that this non-GAAP financial measure reflects our ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful comparisons and analysis
of trends in the business, as it facilitates comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies. We
also believe that this non-GAAP financial measure enables investors to evaluate our operating results and future prospects in the same
manner as we do. This non-GAAP financial measure may exclude expenses and gains that may be unusual in nature, infrequent, or not reflective
of our ongoing operating results. 

This
non-GAAP financial measure should not be viewed as a substitute for a GAAP financial measure and may be different from a similarly titled
non-GAAP financial measure used by other companies. Furthermore, there are limitations inherent in the non-GAAP financial measure because
it excludes charges and credits that are required to be included in a GAAP presentation. Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measure
does not replace the presentation of our GAAP financial measures and should only be used as a supplement to, not as a substitute for,
our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. GAAP net loss is the closest comparable GAAP measure used. 

39 

We
consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our business and a good measure
of our historical operating trends. Adjusted EBITDA eliminates items that we do not consider to be part of our core operations. We define
Adjusted EBITDA as GAAP net loss excluding the following items: interest expense; income tax expense; depreciation and amortization of
tangible assets; stock-based compensation; Business Combination transaction expenses; and other non-recurring items that may arise from
time to time. 

The
non-GAAP adjustments, and our basis for excluding them from our non-GAAP financial measure, are outlined below: 

Adjusted
 EBITDA does not reflect interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service payments on our shareholder loans which is
 not a core form of financing for our business; 

Adjusted
 EBITDA does not reflect income tax expense, which relates to our foreign subsidiary, because we have suffered recurring consolidated
 operating losses since inception and expect that to continue in the future; 

Although
 depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets that we currently depreciate and amortize will likely have to be replaced
 in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the cash required to fund such replacements; 

Adjusted
 EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant
 recurring non-cash expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 

Adjusted
 EBITDA excludes transactions costs attributable to legal, advisory, and other professional service fees incurred in connection with
 the Business Combination because they are unrelated to our current operations and are not comparable to the prior period nor predicative
 of future results; 

Adjusted
 EBITDA does not reflect the effect of earnings or charges resulting from matters that our management does not consider to be indicative
 of our ongoing operations. However, some of these charges and gains (such as mark-to-market adjustments, stock warrant expense etc.)
 have recurred and may recur; and 

Other
 companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative
 measure. 

The
following table reconciles GAAP net loss to Adjusted EBITDA during the periods presented (in thousands): 

40 

For
 the year ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (33,780 
 (30,451 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 11 
 - 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 18 
 17 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 28 
 25 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 
 1,475 
 1,865 
 
 Transaction
 expenses 
 983 
 955 
 
 Stock
 warrant expense 
 9,207 
 8,073 
 
 Change
 in fair value of warrants 
 (129 
 - 
 
 Change
 in fair value of PIPE notes 
 269 
 - 
 
 Change
 in fair value of convertible promissory notes 
 17,517 
 14,616 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 (4,401 
 (4,900 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were net proceeds received related to the Business Combination and cash received
from customers. 

The
following table shows net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities, net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities,
and net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities during the periods presented: 

For
 the year ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) 

Operating
 activities 
 (4,791 
 (4,703 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (44 
 (58 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 4,611 
 4,333 

Operating
Activities 

Our
net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities consists of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation
and amortization, Business Combination cost, stock-based compensation expense, changes in fair value of liability classified financial
instruments, and as well as changes in operating assets and liabilities. The primary changes in working capital items, such as the changes
in accounts receivable and deferred revenue, result from the difference in timing of payments from our customers related to contract
performance obligation. This may result in an operating cash flow source or use for the period, depending on the timing of payments received
as compared to the fulfillment of the performance obligation. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 4.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities was
due to our net loss of 33.8 million, which is offset by non-cash items of 28.4 million, primarily consisting of the change in fair
value of convertible debt of 17.5 million, stock warrant expense of 9.2 million, change in fair value of PIPE notes of 0.3 million,
stock based compensation of 1.5 million and cash from operating assets and liabilities of 0.6 million due to the timing of cash payments
to vendors and cash receipts from customers. 

By
comparison, the Company s net cash used in operating activities was 4.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to our net loss of 30.5 million, which is offset by non-cash
items of 25.8 million, primarily consisting of the change in fair value of convertible debt of 14.6 million, stock warrant expense
of 8.1 million, board of director warrant expense of 1.2 million and stock-based compensation expense of 1.9 million. 

Investing
Activities 

Our
investing activities have consisted primarily of property and equipment purchases. 

Net
cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2023 consisted of 44 thousand of purchased
property and equipment. 

By
comparison, the Company s net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted
primarily of 58 thousand of purchased property and equipment. 

41 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, which primarily consisted of 4.2 million
proceeds from the issuance of convertible promissory note payable, 1.5 million proceeds from the issuance of PIPE Notes, 0.5 proceeds
from related party loan offset by 1.5 million of Business Combination costs paid. 

By comparison, the Company s
net cash provided by financing activities was 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily consisted of 5.1 million
proceeds from the issuance of convertible promissory notes payable offset by 1.5 million of Business Combination costs paid. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments and Going Concern Outlook 

Currently,
management does not believe that cash and cash equivalents is sufficient to meet our foreseeable cash needs for at least the next 12
months. Our foreseeable cash needs, in addition to our recurring operating expenses, include our expected capital expenditures to support
the expansion of our infrastructure and workforce, interest expense and minimum contractual obligations. Management hopes to raise cash
either through a public offering or private debt and equity offering. As a result of the Company s recurring loss from operations
and the need for additional financing to fund its operating and capital requirements there is uncertainty regarding the Company s
ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate its business effectively, which raises substantial doubt as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support research
and development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings,
and the cost of any future acquisitions of technology or businesses. In the event that additional financing is required from outside
sources, we may be unable to raise the funds on acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
following table summarizes our current and long-term material cash requirements as of December 31, 2023: 

Payments
 due in: 

Total 
 Less
 than 1 year 
 1-3
 years 
 
 Accounts
 payable accrued expenses 
 4,682 
 4,682 
 - 
 
 Loan
 extensions 
 2,992 
 2,992 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 underwriter fee payable 
 3,525 
 3,525 
 - 
 
 Loan,
 related party 
 465 
 - 
 465 
 
 PIPE
 Notes 
 1,637 
 1,637 
 - 

13,301 
 12,836 
 465 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. In preparing our financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions, and judgments
that can have a significant impact on our reported revenue, results of operations, and net income or loss, as well as on the value of
certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet during and as of the reporting periods. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments
are necessary because future events and their effects on our results of operations and the value of our assets cannot be determined with
certainty and are made based on our historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These estimates may change as new events occur or additional information is obtained, and we may periodically be faced with uncertainties,
the outcomes of which are not within our control and may not be known for a prolonged period of time. Because the use of estimates is
inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We
believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with the following critical accounting policies involve significant judgment and
thus have the most significant potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

Revenue
Recognition 

Although
most of our sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, certain agreements contain multiple performance obligations. For
customer contracts that contain more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction consideration to each performance
obligation based on the relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation within the contract. 

Subscription
Revenue 

Subscription
revenues are generated from the Company s data exchange (BEAM) product, which is a medical imaging exchange platform between hospital/healthcare
systems, imaging centers, physicians and patients. Subscriptions to the BEAM platform offering are recognized over time as the customer
consumes the benefits of the services as the Company stands ready to provide access to the programs throughout the subscription period.
Subscription customers are invoiced either quarterly or annually in advance with the customer contracts automatically renewing unless
the customer issues a cancellation notice. The timing of revenue recognition is based on a time-based measure of progress as the Company
provides access to the programs evenly over the course of the subscription period. 

Web
Imaging Revenue 

Web
imaging revenues are generated from the Company s data broker (iRWD) product, which provides regulatory grade imaging and clinical
data in the pharmaceutical, device manufacturing, clinical research organizations, and artificial intelligence markets. Web imaging customers
are invoiced in installments as the related data is delivered. Revenue from the sale of web imaging products is recognized over time
using an output measure of progress, which is based on the number of data units delivered relative to the total data units committed
by the customer. 

Fair
Value of Equity-Based Awards 

We
estimate the fair value of stock option awards granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which uses as inputs the fair value
of our common stock and subjective assumptions we make, including expected stock price volatility, the expected term of the award, the
risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. Due to the lack of company-specific historical and implied volatility data, we base
the estimate of expected stock price volatility on the historical volatility of a representative group of publicly traded companies for
which historical information is available. The historical volatility is generally calculated for a period of time commensurate with the
expected term assumption. We use the simplified method to calculate the expected term for options granted to employees and directors.
We utilize this method as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the
expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based on a U.S. treasury instrument whose term is consistent with the expected term of
the stock options. The expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero, as we have never paid dividends and do not have current plans to
pay any dividends on our Common Stock. 

As
there was no public market for our common stock prior to November 7, 2023, the estimated fair value of our common stock was previously
approved by our Board of Directors, with input from management, as of the date of each award grant, considering our most recently available
independent third-party valuations of our Common Stock and our Board of Directors assessment of additional objective and subjective
factors deemed relevant that may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the grant. 

Fair
Value of Certain Debt and Liability Instruments, and the Fair Value Option of Accounting 

When
financial instruments contain various embedded derivatives which require bifurcation and separate accounting of those derivatives apart
from the host instruments, if eligible, GAAP allows issuers to elect the fair value option FVO of accounting for those
instruments. The FVO allows the issuer to account for the entire financial instrument, including accrued interest, at fair value with
subsequent remeasurements of that fair value recorded through the statements of operations. We elected the FVO of accounting for contingently
convertible notes payable, including contingently issuable warrants and accrued interest, and certain term notes payable, including accrued
interest, as further described below and as discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our accompanying
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

43 

Convertible
notes payable and the PIPE Notes, which include the related contingently issuable warrants, contain embedded derivatives, which require
bifurcation and separate accounting under GAAP, for which the Company elected the FVO for the convertible notes payable and PIPE Notes.
In addition, certain term PIPE Notes were issued with separately exercisable and freestanding warrants to purchase Common Stock, were
issued with substantial discounts at issuance and contained certain embedded derivatives to be bifurcated and accounted for separately
for those term notes, unless the FVO is eligible and elected. Accordingly, the Company qualified for and elected the FVO for the entire
PIPE Notes instruments. The convertible debt and accrued interest at their stated interest rates were initially recorded at fair value
as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and were subsequently re-measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period
presented within the consolidated financial statements. The changes in the fair value of the convertible notes payable and PIPE Notes
are recorded in changes in fair value of convertible debt, included as a component of other income and expenses, net, in the consolidated
statements of operations. The change in fair value related to the accrued interest components is also included within the single line
of change in fair value of convertible debt on the consolidated statements of operations. See additional information on valuation methodologies
and significant assumptions used in Note 6, Debt , and Note 11, Fair Value Measurement to the consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Amended Form 10-K. 

The
estimated fair values of the convertible promissory notes and PIPE Notes are each determined based on the aggregated, probability-weighted
average of the outcomes of certain possible scenarios. The combined value of the probability-weighted average of those outcomes is then
discounted back to each reporting period in which the convertible notes are outstanding, in each case, based on a risk-adjusted discount
rate estimated based on the implied discount rate. The discount rate was held constant over the valuation periods given the fact pattern
associated with the Company and the stage of development. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements: 

As
of December 31, 2023, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Instruction 8 to Item 303(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recently adopted accounting standards. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain recently issued accounting standards which may impact our financial statements
in future reporting periods. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are exposed to market risk, including changes to interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 

44 

Interest
Rate Sensitivity 

We
had cash and cash equivalents totaling 47 thousand and 0.3 million as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, respectively. Cash
and cash equivalents include cash on hand and investments with original maturities of three months or less, are stated at cost, and approximate
fair value. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital, supporting our liquidity requirements, and delivering
competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. We were not exposed to material risks due to changes in market interest
rates given the liquidity of the cash and investments with original maturities of three months. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

Although
we are exposed to foreign currency risk from our international operations, we do not consider it to have a material impact. Certain transactions
of the Company and its subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Foreign currency transaction losses
were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, each of which were recorded within other expense on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

Credit
Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. 

The
Company s cash and cash equivalents are generally held with large financial institutions. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
Although the Company s deposits may exceed federally insured limits, the financial institutions that the Company uses have high
investment-grade credit ratings and, as a result, the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2023, its risk relating to deposits exceeding
federally insured limits was not significant. 

The
Company has no significant off-balance sheet risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts, or other hedging arrangements. 

The
Company believes its credit policies are prudent and reflect normal industry terms and business risk. The Company generally does not
require collateral from its customers and generally requires payment from zero to 90 days from the invoice date with typical terms of
30 days. As of December 31, 2023, three customers accounted for over 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance, and one
customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022. 

45 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

INDEX
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Temporary Equity and Stockholders Deficit 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

46 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 OneMedNet
Corporation 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OneMedNet Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2023
and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in temporary equity and stockholders deficit, and cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement
to Correct Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the 2023 and 2022 consolidated financial statements have been restated
to correct misstatements. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from
operating activities since inception and expects to continue incurring operating losses and negative cash flows in the future. These
matters raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

November
4, 2024 

 PCAOB
ID Number 

F- 1 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2023 
 2022 

As
 of December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

(As
 Restated) 
 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Assets 

Current
 assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Deferred transaction costs 
 - 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities,
 temporary equity and stockholders deficit 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable accrued expenses 

Deferred
 revenues 

Loan extensions 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible
 promissory notes 
 - 

PIPE Notes 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 underwriter fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 

Convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Loan, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 long-term liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Temporary
 equity: 

Preferred
 Series A-2, par value , shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 - 

Preferred
 Shares A-1, par value , shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 - 

Total
 temporary equity 
 - 

Stockholders 
 (deficit) equity: 

Preferred
 Stock, par value , and shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock, par value , shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of December
 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Additional
 paid-in-capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total
 liabilities, temporary equity, and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2023 
 2022 

For
 the year ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

(As
 Restated) 
 (As
 Restated) 
 
 Revenue 

Subscription
 revenue 

Web
 imaging revenue 

Total
 revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross
 margin 

Operating
 expenses 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Research
 and development 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from
 operations 

Other expense
 (income), net 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Stock warrant expense 

Change in fair value of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of PIPE
 Notes 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible
 promissory notes 

Other
 expense 

Total
 other expense, net 

Loss before
 income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 loss 

Earnings per share: 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN TEMPORARY EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (In
thousands, except share data) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Total 

Series A-2 
 Series A-1 
 Temporary 
 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Equity 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2021 

- 

Retroactive application of recapitalization due to the Business Combination 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants to board of directors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 (Restated) 

- 

Beginning balance 

- 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series A-2 Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of OMN stock options upon Business Combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of OMN warrants upon Business Combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of OMN convertible promissory notes upon Business Combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon Business Combination 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock upon Business Combination with Data Knights, net of liabilities assumed and transaction costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2023 (Restated) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

2023 
 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

(As Restated) 
 (As Restated) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Stock warrant expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Board of director warrant expense 
 - 

Change in fair value of PIPE Notes 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 

Non-cash interest 
 
 - 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 

Deferred revenues 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of shareholder loans 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of pipe notes 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Proceeds from issuance of Series A-2 preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Business Combination costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net
decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning year 

Cash
and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common shares issued to preferred shareholders 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares related to convertible promissory notes 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued to Data Knights shareholders 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ONEMEDNET
CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2023. The Company s
cash balance of thousand is not adequate to fund its operations through at least twelve months from the date these consolidated financial
statements were available for issuance. Therefore, these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

To
continue in existence and expand its operations, the Company will be required to, and management plans to, raise additional working capital
through an equity or debt offering and ultimately attain profitable operations to fulfill its operating and capital requirements for
at least 12 months from the date of the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. However, the Company may not be able to secure
such financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all. Furthermore, if the Company issues equity securities to raise additional
funds, its existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior
to those of the Company s existing stockholders. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to continue receiving working capital
cash payments and generating cash flow from operations. 

Nasdaq
Notices 

On
February 7, 2024, the Company received written notice (the MVLS Nasdaq Notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq indicating that for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, the market value of the Company s listed securities MVLS did not maintain a minimum market value of 50,000,000 (the Minimum MVLS Requirement as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule
5450(b)(2)(A). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company had a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until
August 5, 2024, to regain compliance with the Minimum MVLS Requirement. Compliance could have been achieved if the Company s MVLS
closed at 50,000,000 or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days at any time during the 180-day compliance period, in which
case Nasdaq would notify the Company of its compliance, and the matter would be closed. 

If
the Company did not regain compliance with the Minimum MVLS Requirement by August 5, 2024, Nasdaq would have provided written notification
to the Company that its Common Stock was subject to delisting. At that time, the Company could have appealed the relevant delisting determination
to a hearings panel pursuant to the procedures set forth in the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Company sought to apply for a transfer
to The Nasdaq Capital Market, and on August 15, 2024, the Company received approval from Nasdaq to list the Common Stock and Public Warrants
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Common Stock and Public Warrants were transferred from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq Capital
Market at the opening of business on August 19, 2024, and continue to trade under the symbols ONMD and ONMDW, 
respectively. 

On
March 26, 2024, the Company received written notice (the Bid Price Nasdaq Notice from Nasdaq notifying the Company that,
for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, the Common Stock did not meet the minimum bid
price of 1.00 per share requirement (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1).
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company had a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until September 23,
2024, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. Compliance could have been achieved if the closing bid price of the
Company s Common Stock was at least 1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. On June 10, 2024, the Nasdaq staff determined
that for the prior 11 consecutive business days, from May 23, 2024, to June 7, 2024, the closing bid price of the Company s Common
Stock had been at 1.00 per share or greater. Accordingly, the Company regained compliance with Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), and this matter
was closed. 

On
June 20, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice ),
which indicated that, as a result of the Company s delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
March 31, 2024 (the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q by the applicable due date, the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5250(c)(1) (the Periodic Report Rule ), which requires Nasdaq-listed companies to timely file all required periodic
financial reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Q1 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice stated that
the Company had 60 calendar days to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the Periodic Report Rule. If Nasdaq accepted the
Company s plan to regain compliance, then Nasdaq could have granted the Company up to 180 calendar days from the prescribed due
date of the Form 10-Q to regain compliance. 

On
September 9, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Q2 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice ),
which indicated that, as a result of the Company s delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2024 (together with the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q, the Delinquent Filings by the applicable due date, the Company was
not in compliance with the Periodic Report Rule, which requires Nasdaq-listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial
reports with the SEC. 

On
September 10, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from Nasdaq the Nasdaq Compliance Plan Notice ), which responded
to the Company s plan to regain compliance regarding its delinquent Q1 2024 Form 10-Q, granting the Company an exception until
October 31, 2024 to file the Delinquent Filings with the SEC and regain compliance with the Periodic Report Rule. In the event the Company
does not regain compliance with the Periodic Report Rule by October 31, 2024, Nasdaq will provide written notification that the Company s
securities will be delisted. At that time, the Company may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a hearings panel. 

On
October 8, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Second MVLS Nasdaq Notice indicating
that for the preceding 30 consecutive business days, the Company s MVLS was below the minimum of 35 million required for continued
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). The staff at Nasdaq also noted in the Second MVLS Nasdaq
Notice that the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), which requires listed companies to maintain a minimum
stockholders equity of 2.5 million, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(3), which requires listed companies to maintain a minimum
of 500,000 of net income from continuing operations. In accordance with Nasdaq listing rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar
days, or until April 7, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum MVLS Requirement. Compliance may be achieved if the Company s
MVLS closes at 35 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days at any time during the 180-day compliance period, in
which case Nasdaq will notify the Company of its compliance and the matter will be closed, If the Company does not regain compliance
by the end of the 180-day compliance period, Nasdaq staff will provide written notice to the Company that its securities are subject
to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to a hearings panel. 

On
October 16, 2024, the Company received a delinquency notification letter from Nasdaq (the Second Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, 
and together with the MVLS Nasdaq Notice, the Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, the Q1 2024 Form 10-Q Nasdaq Notice, the Q2 2024 Form 10 Q Nasdaq
Notice, the Nasdaq Compliance Plan Notice, and the Second MVLS Nasdaq Notice, the Nasdaq Notices notifying the Company
that, for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Second Bid Price Nasdaq Notice, the Common Stock did not meet the
Minimum Bid Price Requirement as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the
Company has 180 calendar days, or until April 14, 2025, to regain compliance. The Second Bid Price Nasdaq Notice notes that to regain
compliance, the Common Stock must maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 for at least ten consecutive business days at any time
during the 180-day compliance period. In the event the Company does not regain compliance by the end of the 180-day compliance period,
the Company may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance. To qualify for additional time, the Company must (i) meet the continued
listing requirement for the market value of its publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market,
with the exception of the bid price requirement and (ii) provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second
compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If the Company meets these requirements, the Company may be granted
an additional 180 calendar days to regain compliance. However, if it appears to Nasdaq that the Company will be unable to cure the deficiency,
or if the Company is not otherwise eligible for the additional cure period, Nasdaq will provide written notice to the Company that its
securities are subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to a hearings panel. 

The
Nasdaq Notices received have no immediate effect on the Company s continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market or the trading
of the Company s Common Stock, subject to the Company s compliance with the other continued listing requirements. The Company
is presently evaluating potential actions to regain compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in maintaining the listing of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023 

- 
 - 

Investments held in trust 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 
 - 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Total current assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Deferred transaction costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Property and equipment, net 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities, temporary equity and stockholders deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 

- 
 
 2 
 
 Loan amount due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Excise tax 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred revenues 
 
 - 
 - 

Convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Loan extensions 
 
 - 
 - 

Loan payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Canada Emergency Business Loan Act 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred underwriter fee payable 
 
 - 
 - 

PIPE notes 

- 
 
 3 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Franchise tax payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Canada Emergency Business Loan Act 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accrued interest 

Loan, related party 
 
 - 
 - 

Deferred underwriter fee payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Working capital loan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Other long-term liabilities 
 - 

4 
 
 Total liabilities 

- 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Temporary equity: 

Preferred Series A-2, par value , shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Preferred Shares A-1, par value , shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total temporary equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value , and shares authorized at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common Stock, par value , shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 

- 

Additional paid-in-capital 

- 
 
 5 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

- 
 
 6 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 

- 

Total liabilities, temporary equity, and stockholders deficit 
 
 - 
 - 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Reclassification
 Adjustments 1 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 

As of December 31, 2022 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Reclassification Adjustments (1) 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 
 
 2 
 
 Investments held in trust 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 
 - 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Total current assets 

- 

Deferred transaction costs 

- 
 
 3 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 
 - 
 - 

Total assets 

- 

Liabilities, temporary equity and stockholders deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 

- 
 
 4 
 
 Loan amount due to related parties 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 
 - 
 - 

Convertible promissory notes 

- 
 
 5 
 
 Income tax payable 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Total current liabilities 

- 

Convertible promissory notes 
 
 - 

Canada Emergency Business Loan Act 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Accrued interest 

- 
 - 
 5 
 
 Warrant liabilities 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Deferred underwriter fee payable 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Working capital loan 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Extension loans 

- 
 - 
 2 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities 

- 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

- 
 - 

Temporary equity: 

Preferred Series A-2, par value , shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 6 
 
 Preferred Shares A-1, par value , shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 6 
 
 Total
temporary equity 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Common Stock, par value , shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 

- 
 - 

Additional paid-in-capital 

- 
 
 7 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

- 

Total stockholders deficit 

- 

Total liabilities, temporary equity, and stockholders deficit 

- 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 
 Cumulative
 and current year impacts of corrections of errors to the consolidated statements of operations. 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Reclassification
 Adjustments 1 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Reclassification Adjustments (1) 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 
 
 Revenue 

Subscription revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Web imaging revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Cost of revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Gross margin 
 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses 
 
 - 

General and administrative 

- 
 
 2 
 
 Operations 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Sales and marketing 
 
 - 
 - 

Research and development 

- 
 
 2 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense (income), net 

Income tax provision 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Impairment 

- 
 - 
 3 
 
 Interest expense 

- 
 
 4 
 
 Stock warrant expense 

- 
 
 5 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants 

- 
 
 6 
 
 Change in fair value of PIPE Notes 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 7 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 

- 
 
 4 
 
 Other expense 
 
 - 

Unrealized gain or loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

- 

Earnings per share: 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share outstanding 

- 
 
 8 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

- 
 
 8 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Reclassification
 Adjustments 1 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Reclassification Adjustments (1) 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 
 
 Revenue 

Subscription revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Web imaging revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Total revenue 

- 

Cost of revenue 
 
 - 
 - 

Gross margin 

- 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

- 
 
 2 
 
 Operations 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Sales and marketing 
 
 - 
 - 

Research and development 

- 
 
 2 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense (income), net 

Income tax provision 

- 
 - 
 3 
 
 Interest expense 

- 
 - 
 4 
 
 Stock warrant expense 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 5 
 
 Change in fair value of warrants 

- 
 - 
 3 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 4 
 
 Other expense 
 
 - 

Unrealized gain or loss 

- 
 - 
 3 
 
 Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Earnings per share: 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share outstanding 
 N/M 
 
 - 
 
 6 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
 N/M 
 
 - 
 
 6 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

1 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 - 

Business combination cost 

- 
 2 
 
 Cash held in trust account 

- 
 3 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 

4 
 
 Stock warrant expense 
 - 

5 
 
 Board of director warrant expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 - 

6 
 
 Change in fair value of PIPE Notes 
 - 

7 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 
 - 

8 
 
 Non-cash interest 
 - 

10 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

2, 3 
 
 Accounts payable accrued expenses 

2, 3, 9 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 
 - 

Amount due to related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Excise tax liability 

- 
 2, 3 
 
 Extension loan 

- 
 2, 3 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

- 
 2, 3 
 
 Income tax payable 

- 
 2, 3 
 
 Working capital loan 

- 
 2, 3 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments of Canada Emergency Business Loan Act 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of shareholder loans 

10 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of PIPE notes 

7 
 
 Common stock subject to redemption 

- 
 2 
 
 Deferred underwriting fee 

- 
 2 
 
 Warrant liability 

- 
 2 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

- 
 2 
 
 Retained earnings adjustment 

- 
 2 
 
 Proceeds (repayment) from issuance of convertible notes 

8 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of Series A-2 preferred stock 
 - 

2 
 
 Business Combination costs 
 - 

2 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common shares issued to preferred shareholders 
 - 

2 
 
 Common shares related to convertible promissory notes 
 - 

2 
 
 Common shares issued to Data Knights shareholders 
 - 

2 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

Reconciliation of the
Original and Restated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

As Previously Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 Ref. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

1 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 

3 
 
 Cash held in trust account 

- 
 2 
 
 Stock warrant expense 
 - 

4 
 
 Board of director warrant expense 
 - 

4 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 
 - 

6 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

2 
 
 Accounts payable accrued expenses 

2, 7 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 
 - 

Amount due to related party 

- 
 2 
 
 Extension loan 

- 
 2 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

- 
 2 
 
 Income tax payable 

- 
 2 
 
 Working capital loan 

- 
 2 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 
 
 - 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments of Canada Emergency Business Loan Act 

- 
 N/M 
 
 Common stock subject to redemption 

- 
 2 
 
 Warrant liability 

- 
 2 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

- 
 2 
 
 Retained earnings adjustment 

- 
 2 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

6 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

N/M 
 
 Business Combination Costs 
 - 

2 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 
 Impact
 of errors related to valuation of liability classified warrant values and the corresponding changes in fair value reflected in the
 consolidated statements of operations. 

6 

7 

8 
 Improper
 presentation of Business Combination costs as well as errors identified related to capitalization of such costs. Refer to balance
 sheet restatement reconciliation for more information. 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Statement of Changes in Temporary Equity and Stockholders Deficit as of December 31, 2023 

Ref. 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Commitments 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Total 

Series A-2 
 Series A-1 
 Temporary 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Equity 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Ref. 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Commitments 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 As Previously Reported 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Retroactive application of recapitalization due to Business Combination 

Retroactive application of recapitalization due to Business Combination, shares 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of stock options 

Exercise of stock options, shares 

Issuance of Series A-2 Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of OMN stock options upon Business Combination 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of OMN warrants upon Business Combination 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of OMN convertible loans upon Business Combination 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon Business Combination 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon Business Combination, shares 

Conversion of OMN convertible promissory notes upon Business Combination 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Private OneMedNet to ONMD Public Shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of PIPE warrants 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon Business Combination with Data Knights, net of liabilities assumed and transaction costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock redemption 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Retained earnings adjustment 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants to board of directors 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2023 (as previously reported) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Restatement Adjustments 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 1 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 2 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series A-2 Preferred Stock 
 2 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of OMN stock options upon Business Combination 
 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of OMN warrants upon Business Combination 
 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of OMN convertible promissory notes upon Business Combination 
 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon Business Combination 
 4 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Private OneMedNet to ONMD Public Shares 
 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of PIPE warrants 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon Business Combination with Data Knights, net of liabilities assumed and transaction costs 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock redemption 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 5 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Retained earnings adjustment 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 6 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2023 (restatement adjustments) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

As Restated 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series A-2 Preferred Stock 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of OMN stock options upon Business Combination 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of OMN warrants upon Business Combination 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of OMN convertible promissory notes upon Business Combination 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon Business Combination 

- 
 
 Private OneMedNet to ONMD Public Shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of PIPE warrants 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock upon Business Combination with Data Knights, net of liabilities assumed and transaction costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock redemption 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Retained earnings adjustment 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2023 (as restated) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

Reconciliation
of the Original and Restated Statement of Changes in Temporary Equity and Stockholders Deficit as of December 31, 2022 

Ref. 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Commitments 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Total 

Series A-2 
 Series A-1 
 Temporary 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Equity 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Ref. 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Commitments 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 As Previously Reported 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Retroactive application of recapitalization due to Business Combination 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of OMN warrants to board of directors 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 (as previously reported) 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Restatement Adjustments 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 
 1 
 - 
 
 - 

Retroactive application of recapitalization due to Business Combination 
 2 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 2 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 2 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants to board of directors 
 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 5 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 6 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 (restatement adjustments) 

As Restated 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Retroactive application of recapitalization due to Business Combination 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares in exchange for services 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants in conjunction with convertible promissory notes 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of OMN warrants to board of directors 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 (as restated) 

- 
 - 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

and million, respectively. 

The
Company believes its credit policies are prudent and reflect normal industry terms and business risk. The Company generally does not
require collateral from its customers and generally requires payment from 0 to 90 days from the invoice date. For the year ended December
31, 2023, there was 1 customer that accounted for or more of total revenue, and there were 2 customers that accounted for or
more of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table represents these customers aggregate percent of
total revenue: 

Customer 2 

Aggregate percent of revenue 

As
of December 31, 2023, three customers accounted for more than of the Company s accounts receivable balance, and four customers
accounted for over of the Company s accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022. The following table represents these
customers aggregate percent of total accounts receivable: 

2023 
 2022 

As of December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Customer 1 

Customer 2 

Customer 3 

Customer 4 

Customer 5 

Customer 6 

Customer 7 

Aggregate percent of total accounts receivable 

Aggregate Percent of Revenue and Accounts Receivable 

such losses
during the years ended December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. 

Convertible
promissory notes and the PIPE Notes contain embedded derivatives, which require bifurcation and separate accounting under GAAP, for which
the Company elected the FVO. In addition, certain term PIPE Notes were issued with separately exercisable and freestanding warrants to
purchase common stock, were issued with substantial discounts at issuance and contained certain embedded derivatives to be bifurcated
and accounted for separately for those term notes, unless the FVO is eligible and elected. Accordingly, the Company qualified for and
elected the FVO for the entire PIPE Notes instruments. The convertible debt and accrued interest at their stated interest rates were
initially recorded at fair value as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and were subsequently re-measured at fair value at
the end of each reporting period presented within the consolidated financial statements. The changes in the fair value of the convertible
promissory notes and PIPE Notes are recorded in changes in fair value of convertible debt and change in fair value of PIPE Notes, included
as a component of other (income) expenses, net, in the consolidated statements of operations. The change in fair value related to the
accrued interest components is also included within the respective single line of change in fair value of convertible debt and change
in fair value of PIPE Notes on the consolidated statements of operations. See additional information on valuation methodologies and significant
assumptions used in Note 6 and Note 10. 

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, convertible notes
payable, liability classified financial instruments and certain privately issued warrants. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts payable financial instruments approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. The carrying amount of accounts
receivable is net of an allowance that reflects management s best estimate of expected credit losses. See Note 11 for fair value
measurements. 

Subscription
Revenue 

Subscription
revenues are generated from the Company s data exchange (BEAM) product, which is a medical imaging exchange platform between hospital/healthcare
systems, imaging centers, physicians and patients. Subscriptions to the BEAM platform offering are recognized over time as the customer
consumes the benefits of the services as the Company stands ready to provide access to the programs throughout the subscription period.
Subscription customers are invoiced either quarterly or annually in advance with the customer contracts automatically renewing unless
the customer issues a cancellation notice. The timing of revenue recognition is based on a time-based measure of progress as the Company
provides access to the programs evenly over the course of the subscription period. 

Web
Imaging Revenue 

Web
imaging revenues are generated from the Company s data broker (iRWD) product, which provides regulatory grade imaging and clinical
data in the pharmaceutical, device manufacturing, clinical research organizations, and artificial intelligence markets. Web imaging customers
are invoiced in installments as the related data is delivered. Revenue from the sale of web imaging products is recognized over time
using an output measure of progress, which is based on the number of data units delivered relative to the total data units committed
by the customer. 

Diluted
net loss per share is computed using the more dilutive of (a) the two-class method or (b) the if-converted method and treasury stock
method, as applicable. Contingently convertible notes payable and PIPE Notes were not included for purposes of calculating the number
of diluted shares outstanding as the number of dilutive shares is based on a conversion contingency associated with the completion of
a future financing event that had not occurred, and the contingency was not resolved, in the reporting periods presented herein. In periods
in which the Company reports a net loss attributable to common stockholders, diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders
is the same as basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders since dilutive common shares are not assumed to have been
issued if their effect is anti-dilutive. Diluted net loss per share is equivalent to basic net loss per share for the periods presented
herein because common stock equivalent shares from the Preferred Stock, convertible notes, stock option awards and outstanding warrants
to purchase common stock were antidilutive. 

As
a result of the Company reporting net loss attributable to common stockholders for all periods presented herein, the following common
stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per common share for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022
because including them would have been antidilutive (in thousands): 

Restricted stock awards 
 - 

Warrants for common stock 

Series A-1 preferred stock 
 - 

Series A-2 preferred stock 
 - 

Convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Total common stock equivalents 

(1) 

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which
is intended to provide enhancements to segment disclosures, even for entities with only one reportable segment. In particular, the standard
will require disclosures of significant segment expenses regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within
each reported measure of segment profit and loss. The standard will also require disclosure of all other segment items by reportable
segment and a description of its composition. Finally, the standard will require disclosure of the title and position of the chief operating
decision maker and an explanation of how the chief operating decision maker uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in
assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2023, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the standard on the presentation of its consolidated financial statements and footnotes. 

Since
this is considered a recapitalization for accounting purposes, the net assets of Data Knights were not remeasured at fair value but were
stated at historical cost and there was no goodwill or intangibles recognized. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those
of Legacy ONMD. 

The
aggregate consideration to the stockholders of Legacy ONMD at the closing of the Business Combination was approximately million,
which consisted of the Company s shares of common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), valued at 
per share, resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. 

Upon
the closing, each of Legacy ONMD s outstanding convertible notes, with a fair value of million, converted into 
shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

Also,
upon the closing, shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock and shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock converted into 
shares of Common Stock. Legacy ONMD s outstanding stock options and outstanding warrants converted into 
and shares, respectively, of Common Stock. 

As
a result of the above, the share figures in the consolidated statement of temporary equity and stockholders deficit for the year
ended December 31, 2022 have been adjusted for the application of the recapitalization ratio of per share. 

million and net liabilities of Data Knights of approximately million.
The net liabilities of Data Knights were as follows (in thousands): 

 Schedule
of Business Combination Liabilities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 

Loan extensions 

Deferred underwriter fee payable 

Warrant liability 

Net Liabilities 

The
Company incurred transaction costs of million in connection with the Business Combination. Following consummation of the Business
Combination, the Company owned all of the issued and outstanding equity interests in Legacy ONMD and its subsidiary, and the Legacy ONMD
securityholders held approximately of the Company. Following consummation of the Business Combination, the Company s Common
Stock and the Company s Public Warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols ONMD and ONMDW ,
respectively. 

Private
Investment in Public Equity PIPE Financing 

On
June 28, 2023, the Company and Data Knights entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with certain investors
(collectively referred to as the Purchasers for PIPE financing in the aggregate original principal amount of million.
 . The Purchasers million investment in the PIPE Notes closed and funded
contemporaneous to the Closing of the Business Combination. 

Effective
immediately prior to the Closing, Data Knights issued the PIPE Notes to the Purchasers under the private offering exemptions under Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

Deferred
Underwriter Fees 

In
connection with the Business Combination, Data Knights entered into an agreement with their underwriters EF Hutton whereby
EF Hutton agreed to waive the related merger underwriting fees that were payable at closing million) in exchange for allocated
payments as follows: (i) million in cash at closing; (ii) a million promissory note that matures on ; and (iii)
a transfer of shares of Common Stock. The Company paid the million of cash due at closing and the remaining million
is recorded as deferred underwriter fee payable on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 

Loan
Extensions 

In
connection with the Business Combination, the Company assumed Data Knights liabilities, which included existing loan extensions
to related parties. The loan extensions were to be exchanged for a fixed amount of Common Stock upon the closing of a business combination
or a similar event. As of December 31, 2023, a balance of million remained outstanding and is recorded as loan extensions on the
Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

Furniture and equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which is recorded
within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Foreign 

Total loss before income taxes 

Total current tax provision (benefit) 

Deferred federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred state 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total income tax provision (benefit) 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Permanent differences - other 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other, net 

Effective income tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Capitalized research costs 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed assets 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has generated both federal and state net operating losses (NOL) of approximately million and million, respectively.
The federal NOLs include million which expire at various dates beginning in 2030 and million which carry forward indefinitely.
The state NOLs expire at various dates beginning in 2030. 

Ownership
changes, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code Section 382, could limit the amount of NOLs that can be utilized annually to offset
future taxable income. Generally, an ownership change occurs when the ownership percentage of 5 or greater stockholders increases by
more than over a three-year period. The Company s ability to utilize its federal and state tax attributes may be limited by
ownership changes that have occurred in the past or may occur in the future. The Company has not yet conducted a formal study of whether,
or to what extent, past changes in control of the Company impacts its ability to utilize NOL carryforwards because such NOL carryforwards
cannot be utilized until the Company achieves profitability. 

Management
has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of the Company s net deferred tax assets, which
are comprised primarily of net operating loss carryforwards and research costs capitalized for tax purposes. Management has considered
the Company s history of cumulative operating losses and estimated future tax losses and has determined that it is more likely
than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of the net deferred tax assets. As a result, the Company has recorded a full
valuation allowance at December 31, 2023 and 2022. The valuation allowance increased by million in 2023 due to the increase in deferred
tax assets, primarily due to net operating loss carryforwards and capitalized research costs. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes both interest and penalties associated
with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company has not recorded any interest or penalties for unrecognized
tax benefits since its inception. 

The
Company files federal, various state, and Canada tax returns. In the U.S., all tax years since inception remain open to examination by
major tax jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, as carryforward attributes generated in years past may still be adjusted upon
examination by the respective tax authorities if they have or will be used in a future period. In Canada, the Company is generally no
longer subject to income tax examinations for the years before 2020. The Company is currently not under examination by any tax authority. 

million. The 2019 Note is unsecured and bears interest at a rate of four percent annually from
the date of issuance until the outstanding principal is paid or converted. The 2019 Note matures on January 1, 2025. The 2019 Note shall
automatically convert into the next offering of preferred stock upon closing of such next equity financing. The number of shares of preferred
stock to be issued upon conversion shall be equal to the number obtained by dividing the outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest
owed on the date of conversion, by the conversion price. The conversion price is 100 percent of the lowest price per share paid for the
next equity preferred stock by other investors in the next equity financing. In the event that prior to the conversion or repayment of
amounts owed, the Company completes a financing transaction in which the Company sells equity securities but such transaction does not
qualify as next equity financing (i.e., an alternative financing ), then the principal and unpaid accrued interest may (upon
written election of the purchaser holding the 2019 Note) convert into the securities issued by the Company in the alternative financing.
The number of alternative financing equity securities to be issued upon such conversion shall be equal to the number obtained by dividing
the outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest owed by an amount equal to 100 percent multiplied by the lowest price per share
at which the alternative financing equity securities are sold and issued for cash in the alternative financing. 

2022
Notes and 2023 Notes 

During
2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes with related party investors totaling 
 million and unrelated party investors totaling
 
 million (each investor, a Purchaser (the 2022 Notes ). During 2023, the Company entered into various convertible promissory notes with related party investors
totaling 
 million and unrelated party investors totaling
 
 million (the 2023 Notes , and together
with the 2019 Notes and 2022 Notes, the Convertible Promissory Notes ). The 2022 Notes and 2023 Notes issued are unsecured
and bear an interest rate of six percent annually from the date of issuance until the outstanding principal is paid or converted. On
November 11, 2022, the 2022 Notes were amended and restated in order to (i) provide for the sale and issuance to Purchasers of additional
convertible promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s capital stock, (ii) provide for the sale and issuance
of warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
 per share to Purchasers who purchased 2022 Notes
between January 1, 2022 and November 11, 2022; and (iii) 

The
principal and unpaid accrued interest on each of the 2022 Notes and 2023 Notes will convert: (i) automatically, upon the Company s
issuance of equity securities (the Next Equity Financing in a single transaction, or series of related transactions, with
aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of at least , into shares of the Company s capital stock issued to investors
in the Next Equity Financing, at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (A) . 

If
a Corporate Transaction occurs before the repayment or conversion of the 2022 Notes and 2023 Notes, the Company will pay at the closing
of the Corporate Transaction to each noteholder that elects not to convert its 2022 Notes and 2023 Notes in connection with such Corporate
Transaction an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of such noteholder s Note plus a 20 premium. Corporate
Transaction means (a) a sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets, (b) a merger of the Company with or into
another entity (if after such merger the holders of a majority of the Company s voting securities immediately prior to the transaction
do not hold a majority of the voting securities of the successor entity) or (c) the transfer of more than 50 of the Company s
voting securities to a person or group. 

In
connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes and 2023 Notes, the Company also issued and warrants (the Convertible Notes Warrants in 2022 and 2023, respectively, with an exercise
price of per share. The expiration date of the Convertible Notes Warrant is the earliest to occur the expiration of the
five-year period following the date of issuance, the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering of the
Company s Common Stock; or the closing of an Corporation Transaction. The Convertible Notes Warrants when exercised entitles
the holder to one share of the Company s Common Stock. The Convertible Notes Warrants include anti-dilutive measure to address
stock dividends, stock splits, and additional shares of Common Stock due to reorganization of the Company. In the case of
reclassification or reorganization, each holder shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of stock or other securities and property
receivable, the stock or other securities or property to which such holder would have been entitled if the holder had exercised the
Convertible Notes Warrants immediately prior. The Convertible Notes Warrants will terminate at the earliest of (1) the expiration of
five-year period following the date of issuance, (2) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering of the
Company s Common Stock; (3) the closing of a sale of the Company. The holders of the Convertible Notes Warrants are not
permitted to sell, pledge, distribute, offer for sale, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the Convertible Notes Warrants in the
absence of (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (ii) an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the
Company and to be provided at the sole cost of the holder, that such registration and qualification are not required. Furthermore,
neither the Convertible Notes Warrants nor any rights may be assigned, conveyed, or transferred, in whole or in part, without the
Company s prior written consent. See additional information on the accounting for the warrants in Note 10. 

The
Convertible Promissory Notes were issued for general working capital purposes. The Company elected the FVO of accounting for its Convertible
Promissory Notes. Under the FVO election, the financial instrument is initially measured at its issue-date estimated fair value and subsequently
remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date. The estimated fair value adjustment is presented
as a single line item within other (income) expenses, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations under the caption
change in fair value of convertible debt. 

As
of December 31, 2022 the fair value of the 2019 Notes and 2022 Notes was million which was included in both short-term and long-term
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In
November 2023, the Convertible Promissory Notes were converted pursuant to their provision in connection with the Business Combination
between Data Knights and the Company and were no longer outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

PIPE
Notes 

In
June 2023, the Company entered into the PIPE SPA in which the Company was required to sell senior secured convertible notes and warrants
to directors of the Company. The PIPE SPA stipulates a collateral security agreement between the Company and the directors for punctual
payment and performance by the Company on its obligations to the Directors. The intellectual property of the Company serves as the collateral
for the PIPE Notes. The PIPE Notes and related warrants were issued through a PIPE financing transaction, which is a form of debt and
equity offering under an exemption in the securities laws for qualifying private placements by issuers of publicly traded securities.
On November 7, 2023, the Company received a total of million from the directors in exchange for PIPE Notes in the aggregate principal
amount of million (plus accrued interest of million) and warrants to acquire Common Stock. . All such determinations are to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases
or increases the Common Stock. The PIPE Notes mature on the first anniversary of the issuance date, or November 7, 2024. 

The
Company elected the FVO of accounting for its PIPE Notes. Under the FVO election, the financial instrument is initially measured at its
issue-date estimated fair value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date.
The estimated fair value adjustment is presented as a single line item within other (income) expenses, net in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations under the caption change in fair value of pipe notes. 

As
of December 31, 2023 the fair value of the PIPE Notes was million which was included in current liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

CAD USD) equivalent CEBA loan. The loan was provided by the Government
of Canada to provide capital to organizations to see them through the challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic and better position
them to return to providing services and creating employment. The loan is unsecured. The loan was interest free through December 31,
2023. If the loan was paid back by January 18, 2024, million of the loan would have been forgiven. If the loan was not paid back
by January 18, 2024, the full million loan would have been converted to loan repayable over with a interest rate.
The loan was paid back prior to January 18, 2024. At December 31, 2023 the loan was classified as Canada Emergency Business Loan Act
under other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company accounted for the loan as debt in accordance with FASB ASC 470, Debt , and accrued interest in accordance with the interest
method under FASB ASC 835-30. 

and shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively (after
giving effect to the exchange ratio in Note 3). Subsequent to the Business Combination, the Company was authorized to issue up to 
shares of capital stock, par value per share, consisting of (a) shares of Common Stock and (b) shares of
preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). As of December 31, 2023, shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding.
The Company had Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2023. 

Series
A-2 Preferred Stock 

The
Company s previously issued and outstanding Series A-2 preferred stock included a per share annual noncumulative dividend
when and if declared by the Board of Directors. dividends were declared in the years ended December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022.
The Series A-2 preferred stock also included a liquidation preference of 1.25 times the original issue price plus any declared but unpaid
dividends upon the liquidation, dissolution, merger or sale of substantially all the assets of the Company and had a preference upon
liquidation over Series A-1 preferred stock and Common Stock. Each share of Series A-2 preferred stock could have been converted into
equal shares of Common Stock at the option of the holder at any time. In addition, the Series A-2 preferred stock shares were automatically
convertible into common shares upon the sale of shares of common stock to the public at the then applicable conversion price in a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, resulting in at least
 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. Each share of Series A-2 preferred stock had voting rights equal
to the number of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion of such share of Series A-2 preferred stock. The Company was obligated
to redeem shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, or a merger, consolidation,
lease or transfer of the Company (a Deemed Liquidation Event ), unless a majority of the holders of Series A-2 Preferred
Stock and a majority of the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock consent otherwise. As of December 31, 2022, the liquidation preference
of the Series A-2 Preferred Stock was million (after giving effect to the Business Combination exchange ratio described Note 3).
In connection with the Business Combination, the shares of 

Series
A-1 Preferred Stock 

The
Company s previously issued and outstanding Series A-1 preferred stock included a per share annual noncumulative dividend
when and if declared by the Board of Directors. dividends were declared in the years ended December 31, 2023 or December 31 2022.
The Series A-1 preferred stock also included a liquidation preference of 1.25 times the original issue price plus any declared but unpaid
dividends upon the liquidation, dissolution, merger or sale of substantially all the assets of the Company and had a preference upon
liquidation over Common Stock. Each share of Series A-1 preferred stock could have been converted into equal shares of Common Stock at
the option of the holder at any time. In addition, the Series A-1 preferred stock shares were automatically convertible into common shares
upon the sale of shares of common stock to the public at the then applicable conversion price in a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, resulting in at least million in proceeds, net
of underwriting discounts and commissions. Each share of Series A-1 preferred stock had voting rights equal to the number of shares of
Common Stock then issuable upon conversion of such share of Series A-1 preferred stock. The Company was obligated to redeem shares of
Series A-1 Preferred Stock upon a Deemed Liquidation Event, unless a majority of the holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock consent otherwise.
As of December 31, 2022, the Series A-1 preferred stock has a liquidation preference of million (after giving effect to the Business
Combination exchange ratio described in Note 3). In connection with the Business Combination, the shares of 

shares
of common stock under the 2020 Plan. Under the 2020 Plan, option awards were generally granted with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the Company s stock at the date of grant; those option awards generally vested with a range of one to 
of continuous service and had ten-year contractual terms. Certain option awards provided for accelerated vesting if there was a change
in control, as defined in the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan also permitted the granting of restricted stock and other stock-based awards.
Unexercised options were cancelled upon termination of employment and became available for reissuance under the 2020 Plan. 

At
the Special Meeting held on October 17, 2023 ,
Data Knights shareholders considered and approved the OneMedNet Corporation 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan and reserved an amount of shares of Common Stock equal to 10 of the number of shares of Common Stock of OneMedNet following the Business
Combination for issuance thereunder. The 2022 Plan was approved by the Legacy ONMD Board of Directors on October 17, 2023. The 2022 Plan
became effective immediately upon the Closing of the Business Combination and replaced the 2020 Plan. 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively,
on its outstanding stock options. The Company has determined its share-based payments to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. For the
year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has used the Black-Scholes option pricing model and estimated no expected dividends
and the following weighted average assumptions: 

- 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term in years 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 

On
November 7, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the 2020 Plan was cancelled and all vested shares were exercised and converted
at the appropriate conversion ratio to Common Stock of the Company. The Company issued shares of Common Stock of which represents
 vested options less an exercise price of . 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

Certain
employees, directors and consultants have been awarded restricted stock. The restricted stock vesting consists of milestone and time-based
vesting as well as compensation for services performed by the Board of Directors. The following table summarizes restricted stock award
activity for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Vested 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested as of December 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 

The
total fair value of the Company s previous stock awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was million
and million, respectively. On November 7, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, all vested shares were exercised and converted
at the appropriate conversion ratio to Common Stock of the Company. 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

- 
 
 PIPE Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 
 
 - 
 
 Equity Classified Warrants 

Legacy ONMD Warrants 
 - 

Convertible Promissory Note Warrants 
 - 

Public Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 

Grant Total 

Legacy
ONMD Warrants 

In
2021, there were Legacy ONMD outstanding common stock warrants Legacy ONMD Warrants issued to directors for service
at a weighted average exercise price of . In 2022 for the exercise price of , Legacy ONMD issued warrants to directors
for 2021 service and warrants for 2022 service. The Legacy ONMD Warrants are equity-classified and accounted for in accordance
with ASC 718. ASC 718 requires the use of the fair-value-based method for measuring the value of stock-based compensation.
In applying fair-value-based method (absent identical or similar instruments) companies are required to use an option-pricing
model, adjusted to accommodate the unique characteristics of the employee stock options. ASC 718 s measurement objective is to
determine the fair value of stock-based compensation at the grant date assuming that employees/directors fulfill the award s vesting
conditions (if applicable) and will retain the award. The fair value of an award is the cost to the Company for granting the award and
should reflect the estimated value of the instruments that the company would be obligated to provide to an employee/director when the
employee has satisfied the service conditions. This resulted in an expense of and million for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination on November 7, 2023, all Legacy ONMD Warrants issued for services were cashless
exercised into shares of Legacy ONMD common stock and exchanged for Common Stock based on the appropriate conversion ratio less the applicable
exercise price per Legacy ONMD Warrant. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes Warrants 

As
described in Note 6, the Company issued Convertible Promissory Notes Warrants in 2022 and 2023. The Convertible Promissory Note Warrants
are classified as equity in accordance with ASC 815. The Company has elected to measure the Notes using the fair value option under ASC
825 discussed in Note 6. The Company determined that the fair value of the combined instrument significantly exceeds the proceeds received,
therefore, the Company concluded that the warrants are most accurately portrayed as an issuance cost related to the convertible promissory
notes. This resulted in an expense of million and million being allocated to the Convertible Promissory Notes Warrants during
the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which is classified as stock warrant expense in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination on November 7, 2023, all Convertible Promissory Notes Warrants were cashless
exercised into shares of Legacy ONMD common stock and exchanged based on the appropriate conversion ratio for the Common Stock less an
exercise price of . 

PIPE
Warrants 

In
connection with the PIPE Notes described in Note 6, the Company also issued warrants to purchase Common Stock PIPE Warrants ).
The Company accounts for the PIPE Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because
the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. 

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, requires that the
Company record a derivative liability upon issuance of the warrants. Accordingly, the Company classifies each warrant as a liability
at its fair value and the warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value. This
liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted
to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The Company will reassess the
classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be
reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 

As
of December 31, 2023, all PIPE Warrants remain outstanding. 

Public
Warrants 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination on November 7, 2023, the Company assumed public warrants (the Public
Warrants to purchase Common Stock with an exercise price of per share. The Public Warrants became exercisable 30 days
after the Closing of the Business Combination. Each Public Warrant is exercisable for one share of Common Stock 

The
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for per Public Warrant upon at least 30 days prior written notice of
redemption given after the Public Warrants become exercisable, if the reported last sale price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds
 per share (as adjusted for stock dividends, sub-divisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within a 30-trading day period commencing after the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day before
the Company sends the notice of redemption to the holders of the Public Warrants. Upon issuance of a redemption notice by the Company,
the holders of the Public Warrants may, at any time after the redemption notice, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis. 

The
Public Warrants are classified as equity, with the fair value of the Public Warrants as of the date of the Business Combination closed
to additional paid-in capital. 

As
of December 31, 2023, all Public Warrants remain outstanding. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination on November 7, 2023, the Company assumed private warrants to purchase
Common Stock with an exercise price of per share (the Private Placement Warrants ). The Private Placement Warrants
(and shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) in general were not transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the Closing (excluding permitted transferees) and they will not be redeemable under certain redemption
scenarios by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor or their respective permitted transferees. Otherwise, the Private Placement
Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor, Metric or their respective permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company under all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

The
Company accounts for the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that
because the Private Placement Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Private Placement Warrant must
be recorded as a liability. 

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, required that the
Company record a derivative liability upon the closing of the Business Combination. Accordingly, the Company classifies each Private
Placement Warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each
such re-measurement, the Private Placement Warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized
in the Company s statement of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification
changes as a result of events during the period, the Private Placement Warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that
causes the reclassification. 

As
of December 31, 2023, all Private Placement Warrants remained outstanding. 

PIPE warrants 
 - 
 - 

PIPE notes 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities, at fair value 
 - 
 - 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

December 31, 2022 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Liabilities: 

Convertible promissory notes 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities, at fair value 
 - 
 - 

Additions 
 - 
 - 

Changes in fair value 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Beginning balance 
 - 
 - 

Additions 

Changes in fair value 

Reclassified to additional paid-in-capital 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Ending balance 

- 

Private
Placement Warrants and PIPE Warrants 

The
aggregate fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and PIPE Warrants was and as of November 7, 2023 and December
31, 2023, respectively. The Company remeasured the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and PIPE Warrants at November 7, 2023
and December 31, 2023 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Expected volatility 

Weighted average risk-free rate 

Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 

Warrants
 measurement input 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and PIPE Notes 

The
estimated fair values of the convertible promissory notes and PIPE Notes are each determined based on the aggregated, probability-weighted
average of the outcomes of certain possible scenarios. The combined value of the probability-weighted average of those outcomes is then
discounted back to each reporting period in which the convertible notes are outstanding, in each case, based on a risk-adjusted discount
rate estimated based on the implied discount rate. The discount rate was held constant over the valuation periods given the fact pattern
associated with the company and the stage of development. 

As
of December 31, 2023, in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination described in Note 3, all convertible promissory notes
were converted to Common Stock in accordance with the conversion provisions in the original agreements. 

The
fair value of the PIPE Notes was million and million as of November 7, 2023 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

million, of which million were with related party investors. Refer to Note 3 and Note 6 for additional details on the
terms of the PIPE Notes. 

In
connection with the issuance of the PIPE Notes, the Company also issued a total of shares of PIPE Warrants, of which shares
were issued to the same related party investors. Refer to Note 10 for additional details on the terms of the PIPE Warrants. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and Warrants 

From
2019 to 2023, the Company issued various Convertible Promissory Notes to related party investors. Total gross proceeds raised from Convertible
Promissory Notes with related parties was million (out of million total). In connection with the issuance of the Convertible
Promissory Notes, the Company also issued shares of Convertible Promissory Note Warrants to the same related parties (out of
 total). Refer to Note 6 and Note 10 for additional details on the terms of the Convertible Promissory Notes and Convertible
Promissory Note Warrants, respectively. 

The
Closing of the Business Combination triggered the conversion of all Convertible Promissory Notes into shares of Common Stock of the Company,
as disclosed in Note 3. 

Shareholder
Loans 

From
April 2023 to December 2023, the Company entered into shareholder loans with two related party investors (the Shareholder Loans for aggregate gross proceeds of thousand. The Shareholder Loans bear an interest rate of and mature after the commencement
date of each agreement. There are no financial or non-financial covenants associated with the Shareholder Loans. The Shareholder Loans
are not convertible into equity. 

On
November 7, 2023, in connection with the Business Combination, one of the Shareholder Loans for million was converted into a PIPE
Note equal to the amount of principal and interest outstanding at the time of Closing. The Company accounted for the exchange as an extinguishment
whereby the Shareholder Loan was written off and a separate PIPE Note was recorded at fair value, as disclosed in Note 6. The extinguishment
had no impact on the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2023, a total of thousand of Shareholder Loans remains outstanding which is classified as loan related party
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Loan
Extensions 

As
disclosed in Note 3, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company assumed Data Knights liabilities, which included
existing loan extensions to related parties. The loan extensions were to be exchanged for a fixed amount of the Company s Common
Stock upon the closing of a business combination or a similar event. As of December 31, 2023, a balance of million remains outstanding
and is recorded as loan extensions on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

per month. The Company incurred and of rent expense, including
common tenant costs and cancellation costs, during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Litigation 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Liabilities for loss
contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties, and other sources are recognized, if and when it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company was not subject to any material
legal proceedings during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

and shares of Common Stock to EF Hutton LLC and Kingwood Capital
Partners, LLC, respectively, as consideration for million owed by the Company for underwriting commission due at the Closing of
the Business Combination. 

Share
Repurchase 

During
2024, through the date of this report, the Company bought back shares of Common Stock from a convertible note holder. 

Shareholder Loans 

During
2024, through the date of this report, the Company received gross proceeds of million in connection with shareholder loans with
related party investors. Of the million, million is convertible into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of
 per share. The remaining million is not convertible into equity and bears an interest rate of with a maturity date
one year from issuance. The Company subsequently repaid million of the non-convertible shareholder loans through the date of
this report. 

Private
Placements 

As
previously announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024, on March 28, 2024, the Company entered
into a definitive securities purchase agreement (the Helena SPA with Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd. Helena ),
an affiliate of Helena Partners Inc., a Cayman-Islands based advisor and investor providing for up to million in
funding through a private placement for the issuance of senior secured convertible notes (the Helena Notes ). On June 14,
2024, the Company and Helena entered into a termination agreement (the Helena Termination Agreement to terminate the Helena
SPA and related documents. Pursuant to the Helena Termination Agreement, the Company issued to Helena a warrant to purchase shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share and agreed to reimburse Helena for certain reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with entry into the Helena SPA and Helena Termination Agreement and related documents. 

On
July 23, 2024 and July 25, 2024, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements with certain institutional investors in connection with the private placement of its Common Stock and pre-funded warrants with aggregate
gross proceeds of approximately million, before deducting fees and expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the
net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. Pending use of the funds, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds
to purchase Bitcoin BTC). There is no guarantee on the holding period for the purchased Bitcoin. 

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the investors shares of its Common Stock at
a price of per share, pre-funded warrants exercisable for shares of its Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share, and shares of its Common Stock at a price of per share. The investors were required to prepay the exercise
price for the pre-funded warrants, other than per share. The pre-funded warrants will be exercisable at any time after the date
of issuance and will not expire. The price per share of all Common Stock and pre-funded warrants sold in the private placement meets
the minimum price requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). The securities were issued to institutional accredited investors in
a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

On
September 24, 2024, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the Follow-on SPA with an institutional investor
in connection with the private placement of its Common Stock, warrants and pre-funded warrants with aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
 million, before deducting fees and expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Private
Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. Pending use of the funds, the Company plans to use a portion of the net
proceeds to purchase Bitcoin BTC). 

Pursuant
to the Follow-on SPA, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the investor shares of its Common Stock at a price of per
share, warrants exercisable for shares of its Common Stock at an exercise price of per share and pre-funded warrants exercisable
for shares of its Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The investor was required to prepay the exercise price
for the pre-funded warrants, other than per share. The warrants and pre-funded warrants will be exercisable at any time after
the date of issuance and will not expire. The price per share of all Common Stock and pre-funded warrants sold in the private placement
meets the minimum price requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). The securities were issued to institutional accredited investors
in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Standby
Equity Purchase Agreement 

On
June 17, 2024, the Company entered into a standby equity purchase agreement (the SEPA with YA II PN, LTD, a Cayman Islands
exempt limited partnership managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP Yorkville ). Pursuant to the SEPA, subject to certain
conditions, the Company has the option to sell to Yorkville an aggregate amount of up to up to million of the Company s shares
of Common Stock at the Company s request from time to time following both the repayment of the Promissory Note described below
and the effectiveness of a resale registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issued under the SEPA. The SEPA terminates
on its 24-month anniversary. 

shares and 100 of the average daily volume traded of the Common Stock during the five
trading days immediately prior to requested advance. The shares would be purchased at a price equal to 97 of the Market Price as defined
in the SEPA. The Company may establish a minimum acceptable price in each advance below which the Company will not be obligated to make
any sales to Yorkville . 

Any
purchase under an advance would be subject to certain limitations, including that Yorkville will not purchase or acquire any shares that
would result in it and its affiliates beneficially owning more than of the then outstanding voting power or number of shares of
Common Stock or any shares that when aggregated with shares issued under all other earlier advances, would exceed shares of
Common Stock (representing of the aggregate number of then outstanding shares of Common Stock) (the Exchange Cap unless shareholders approved issuances in excess of the Exchange Cap. 

In
connection with the execution of the SEPA, the Company paid a structuring fee to Yorkville. The Company agreed to pay a commitment
fee of million to Yorkville, which will be paid in shares in two tranches. 

Additionally,
Yorkville agreed to advance to the Company, in exchange for a convertible promissory note (the Yorkville Promissory Note ),
a principal amount of million, which was funded on June 18, 2024. The Yorkville Promissory Note will be convertible by Yorkville into shares of Common Stock at an aggregate purchase price based
on a price per share equal to the lower of .
The Floor Price is per share, subject to the Company s option to reduce the Floor Price to any amounts set
forth in a written notice to Yorkville. While the Promissory Note is outstanding, Yorkville may initiate an investor advance under the
SEPA at the Promissory Note conversion price, the proceeds of which would be used to repay the Yorkville Promissory Note. 

The
Yorkville Promissory Note may be accelerated by Yorkville upon specified events of default, and may become amortizable for cash if (i)
the daily VWAP is less than the Floor Price for five trading days during a period of seven consecutive trading days, (ii) the Company
has issued in excess of 95 of the shares of Common Stock available under the Exchange Cap or (iii) the Company is in material breach
of its obligations under a Registration Rights Agreement it entered into with Yorkville in connection with the SEPA or Yorkville becomes
limited in its ability to freely resell shares subject to an advance as further described in the Yorkville Promissory Note, subject to
de-amortization after certain cures. 

Yorkville
Letter 

On
October 8, 2024, Yorkville sent the Company a letter notifying the Company that it had breached a registration rights agreement with
Yorkville by failing to file a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on the timeline set forth in the registration rights agreement (the
 Yorkville Letter ). The Yorkville Letter asserted that this breach was an event of default and an amortization event under
the prepaid advance in connection with SEPA. The Yorkville Letter also asserted that the Company s failure to timely file its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 was an event of default under the Yorkville Promissory Note. The Company
subsequently engaged in discussions with Yorkville regarding the Yorkville Letter, which discussions are ongoing. 

Pursuant
to the Yorkville Promissory Note, upon the occurrence of an amortization event, the Company is required to pay all principal and accrued
interest on the Yorkville Promissory Note, plus a 10 payment premium on the principal amount, in equal installments over 3 calendar
months or until the amortization event is cured, whichever is earlier. In addition, upon the occurrence of an event of default, the interest
rate on the Yorkville Promissory Note increases to 18 retroactive to the date of the event of default. 

Executive
Turnover 

As
previously announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024, on March 22, 2024, Paul J. Casey notified the
Company of his intention to retire as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective March 29, 2024. Mr. Casey continued to serve as
a member of the Board of Directors until October 1, 2024. In connection with Mr. Casey s retirement from the Company, Mr. Casey
and the Company entered into a Resignation Agreement and Release, dated March 22, 2024, pursuant to which Mr. Casey was paid 
as a severance payment, and the Board of Directors approved a stock option grant providing for the grant of five-year options
exercisable at per share to Mr. Casey. On March 27, 2024, Scott Holbrook, a member of the Board of Directors and a member of the
Company s Audit Committee, notified the Company of his intention to retire from the Company s Board of Directors effective
March 29, 2024. 

Effective
March 29, 2024, the Board of Directors (i) appointed Aaron Green to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company to fill the vacancy
created by the retirement of Paul Casey; (ii) appointed Mr. Green, to serve as a member of the Board of Directors to fill the vacancy
created by the retirement of Scott Holbrook; and (iii) appointed Dr. Thomas Kosasa, a member of the Board of Directors, to serve on the
Company s Audit Committee, also to fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Scott Holbrook. 

As
previously announced on Form 8-K, on August 26, 2024, Lisa Embree, Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Executive Vice President,
Treasurer and Secretary, notified the Company of her intention to resign from her position effective August 30, 2024. 

Effective
August 30, 2024, the Board appointed Mr. Robert Golden to serve as the Chief Financial Officer on an interim basis to fill the vacancy
created by the resignation of Lisa Embree. Effective on his appointment as interim CFO, Mr. Golden stepped down as a member and the chair
of the Audit Committee of the Board. In connection with his appointment as interim CFO, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
with Mr. Golden, pursuant to which Mr. Golden will receive a monthly salary and a grant of restricted stock units, which
will vest on the first anniversary of the consulting agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the consulting agreement. 

As
previously announced on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2024, on October 1, 2024, Paul J. Casey and Erkan
Akyuz resigned from the Board, effective immediately. Also on October 1, 2024, the Board of Directors appointed Jair Clarke and Sherry
Coonse McCraw to the Board to fill the vacancies created by Mr. Casey and Mr. Akyuz, respectively. In connection with Ms. Coonse McCraw
and Mr. Clarke s service on the Advisory Board of the Company, the Board of Directors approved a restricted stock unit RSU grant providing for the grant of RSUs to each director for one full year of service (pro-rated for 2024). The RSUs will vest at
the end of December 2024. 

F- 40 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On
May 3, 2024, the US Securities and Exchange Commission Commission entered an Order denying BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers the privilege of appearing or practicing before the Commission as an accountant. As a result, Borgers may not participate in or perform
the audit or review of financial information included in Commission filings, issue audit reports included in Commission filings, provide
consents with respect to audit reports, or otherwise appear or practice before the Commission. As a result of the foregoing, on May 6,
2024, the Board of Directors terminated Borgers as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Borgers had audited
the Company s financial statements since 2022. 

Borger s
report on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 did not contain an adverse opinion
or disclaimer of opinion, nor was such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle, except for
an explanatory paragraph relating to a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 and through May 6, 2024, there were no disagreements with BF Borgers on any matter
of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved to Borgers s
satisfaction, would have caused Borgers to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 and through May 6, 2024, there were no reportable events as defined
under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except for the identified material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as disclosed in this Amended Form 10-K. 

On
June 3, 2024, the Company appointed WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum as its new independent registered public accounting
firm, effective immediately, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. This appointment was authorized and approved by
the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective because
of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting which were not designed properly to ensure proper identification
of non-routine transactions and ensure appropriate segregation of duties. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As
disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed the Business Combination on November 7, 2023. Prior to the Business
Combination Data Knights, our predecessor, was a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. As a
result, previously existing internal controls are no longer applicable or comprehensive enough as of the assessment date, because Data
Knights operations prior to the Business Combination were insignificant compared to those of the consolidated entity post-Business
Combination. As a result, management is aware of material weaknesses in the Company s internal control related to user access/segregation
of duties, lack of a formalized control environment and oversight of controls over financial reporting, errors in accounting for non-routine
transactions, and lack of record keeping. Additionally, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense, to complete
an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. Accordingly, we are excluding management s
report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 215.02 of the SEC Division of Corporate Finance s Regulation
S-K Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except
as noted above, no change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2023 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

47 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information
concerning our executive officers and members of our Board of Directors is set forth below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title/Position 
 
 Aaron
 Green 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Robert
 Golden 
 
 62 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary and Director 
 
 Dr.
 Jeffrey Yu 
 
 56 
 
 Founder,
 Chief Medical Officer, Vice President, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Eric
 Casaburi 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Jair
 Clarke 
 
 43 
 
 Director 
 
 Sherry
 Coonse McCraw 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Thomas Kosasa 
 
 79 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew
 Zeinfeld 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers 

Aaron
Green, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mr. Green is a healthcare IT business transformation
leader with more than 20 years of leadership experience in healthcare management, sales, strategic planning, M A, product development,
customer support and services operations. Mr. Green has served as OneMedNet s Chief Executive Officer and a Director since March
2024 and President since May 2023. Prior to joining OneMedNet, Mr. Green served in a variety of healthcare technology roles including
most recently at Optum, a United Health Group company (NYSE: UHG), a leading healthcare technology company, as Vice President Cloud Solutions.
At Optum, Mr. Green was responsible for developing and attaining the P L, Bookings, Revenue and EBIDTA targets of its Cloud Solution
lines. Before Optum, Mr. Green worked nearly six years, from March 2017 to May 2023, with Change Health Care, most recently as Vice President
Cloud Solutions from March 2021 to May 2023. Previously, Mr. Green worked for more than 15 years with McKesson growing to Division Vice
President, Sales where he led an organization of 50+ executives, salespersons and staff, across the US, Canada, and the US government
territories. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry from the University of Victoria, British Columbia, a Systems Analyst Diploma
from Royal Roads University, British Columbia, and an Executive MBA from the Wharton School. We believe Mr. Green is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his experience as a public company executive and healthcare IT leader. 

Robert
Golden, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Director Mr. Robert (Bob) Golden is an accomplished Certified
Public Accountant CPA with more than 30 years of experience. Mr. Golden has served as OneMedNet s Interim Chief
Financial Officer since August 2024 and Corporate Secretary since September 2024 and a member of the Board of Directors since November
2023. Mr. Golden also serves as the Managing Partner of Cohen, Bender Golden LLP, where he provides consulting, accounting and
tax services to middle market businesses and owners since September 2015. Prior to that, from January 2013 to August 2015, Mr. Golden
worked at Fenton Ross Accountancy Corporation and, from September 2004 to December 2012, at Saffer Flint Accountancy Corporation.
From December 1989 to June 2004, Mr. Golden was at Good Swartz Brown Berns LLP (now CohnReznick) GSBB ), where he
served as a partner from 1994 onwards. There, Mr. Golden performed administrative duties, including overseeing the company s merger
negotiations in 2000 and performed financial statement audits, reviews and income tax planning for middle market businesses and owners.
While at GSBB and continuing today, Mr. Golden consults with his business clients to assist their entrepreneurial owners to better understand
the financial performance of their businesses and to help them improve operational efficiencies and profitability by acting as their
outside CFO. Bob also assists with structuring and negotiating financing, compensation planning, investment opportunity review, as well
as merger and acquisition activities and works with wealthy families acting in a CFO-type role for their family office activities. After
leaving GSBB in 2004, in addition to continuing to provide consulting services to middle-market companies, Bob was the owner and CEO
of several companies in the construction and engineering field, coffee and baked goods industries and also syndicated commercial real
estate acquisitions. 

48 

From
September 1984 to December 1989, Mr. Golden was a CPA at Ernst Young in Los Angeles. Apart from his experience as a CPA, Mr. Golden
is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Promo Shop, Inc. Subsidiaries, a specialty advertising promotional products multi-office
distributor based in Los Angeles. Mr. Golden establishes the company s annual budget among other duties and has been in this role
since January 2008. Mr. Golden is also currently the Chief Financial Officer at iKahan Media, Inc., an out of home media company specializing
in digital and traditional billboards and advertisement, where he has served since September 2014. Mr. Golden is a member of the Board
of Directors of Talon International, Inc. (OTCMKTS: TALN), the world s oldest and largest zipper manufacturer. 

In
1984, Mr. Golden received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California. Mr. Golden
also holds a Certified Public Accountant certification from the California Board of Accountancy, is an Investment Advisor Representative
with the SEC and is a Licensed Engineering Contractor with the California Contractors State License Board. We believe Mr. Golden is well-qualified
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience as a Certified Public Accountant at numerous firms as
well as his experience as an executive officer at multiple companies. 

Dr.
Jeffrey Yu, Founder, Chief Medical Officer, Vice President, Chairman of the Board Dr. Yu serves as the Chief
Medical Officer, Vice President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of OneMedNet, roles he has held since 2023. The concept of what
would become Legacy OneMedNet was founded in 2015 by Dr. Yu, who applies his 28 years of sophisticated healthcare IT experience to the
Company every day. Dr. Yu is a board-certified Radiologist and is also fellowship-trained and board-certified in Nuclear Medicine. In
2006, he was part of a small group that recognized there was a need to develop electronic sharing technology to help imaging specialists
move patient imaging studies quickly, securely, and cost-effectively. Dr. Yu s early research and development led to the BEAM solution
which helped improve care and outcomes for stroke and trauma patients. In 2015, he started the concept of what would become Legacy ONMD
to commercialize the BEAM product. Since that time, Dr. Yu has remained an integral part of the strategic decision-making within OneMedNet.
Dr. Yu received his B.S. at U.C. Berkeley and his M.D. at Wake Forest University, conducted MRI research at Stanford University, and
completed his Radiology residency and Nuclear Medicine fellowship at the Mallinckrodt Institute at Washington University. We believe
Dr. Yu is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive healthcare IT experience. 

Directors 

The
background information of Aaron Green, Robert Golden, and Dr. Jeffrey Yu is set forth under Executive Officers above. 

Eric
Casaburi, Director Eric Casaburi is an experienced entrepreneur and chief executive officer with a successfully
demonstrated history of explosive growth in the franchising, health and wellness, food services, and real estate industries including
founding and leading RetroFitness from a start-up single-gym business to a 150 million per year in sales operation while expanding its
national footprint. Mr. Casaburi has founded and held positions as chief executive officer for multiple franchise brands, each having
successful exits with impressive returns for investors and private equity partners. Since 2021, Mr. Casaburi has served as founder and
Chief Executive Officer of Serotonin Enterprises LLC, a cutting edge Anti-Aging Health Optimization Franchise that offers a vast service
menu covering all aspects of optimal health, appearance and performance. Serotonin Centers have been featured in the Franchise Times
as the first franchise of its kind in the United States. Since 2019, Mr. Casaburi has served as the Chair of TIGER 21 Orlando, a group
of men and women who have achieved both success and significance in their lives that helps members build the skill set to successfully
transition from focused entrepreneurs to disciplined managers of wealth. 

Since
2020, Mr. Casaburi has founded and operated Longevity Brands and since 2016, Mr. Casaburi founded and owns CEVD Holdings, a commercial
real estate investment and management company. Mr. Casaburi developed all sales, operations, and marketing systems for both the RetroFitness
fitness centers and the franchise and designed and implemented a diversified reoccurring revenue model to improve business health and
value. Mr. Casaburi also founded and served as the Chief Executive Officer of Lets YO! Yogurt from 2012-2015, a self-serve yogurt and
treats restaurant popularized through social media savvy, in which he franchised the business model and opened 24 restaurants in the
first year and led to a successful exit to an industry private equity firm. We believe Mr. Casaburi is well-qualified to serve as a member
of our Board of Directors due to his experience successfully founding and growing companies. 

49 

Jair
Clarke, Director Jair Clarke is the Chairman s Executive Advisor and board advisor of World Wide Technology 20B company) and the CEO/Chief AI Officer of Laigic, an A.I. and tech advisory firm of C-level Fortune 15 consultants and physicians,
where he has served since November 2023. From August 2020 until July 2023, Mr. Clarke served as the Global Chief Technology Officer of
Commercial Systems at Microsoft Corporation, where he was responsible for commercial systems, artificial intelligence, and products across
all industries for Customers and Partner Solutions. Within this organization, Mr. Clarke was responsible for all technology and processes
at scale to empower customers, partners, sellers. 

From
2014 through 2020, Mr. Clarke was responsible for Disney s big data, digital analytics, and strategy technologies supporting the
Chief Commercial Officer to influence traditional/non-traditional monetization, products, and experiences such as mobile apps, wearable
devices, and e-commerce. Mr. Clarke was a leader for IBM s Watson, held a U.S. Top Secret SCI Full Scope Polygraph security clearance,
oversaw all technical capabilities for the United States counter-narcotics command partnering with various government agencies (e.g.
CIA, FBI), increased business revenue by 800 within 2 years, and consistently doubled annual revenue. He s had global P L
responsibility and held roles as the executive champion of diversity and inclusion. From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Clarke was an IT Business
Development Executive at IBM. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Clarke consistently expanded his technology responsibilities at Lockheed Martin.
Jair has served as a member of the board of directors of the publicly traded company Xponential Fitness (NYSE: XPOF) since July 2022.
Mr. Clarke holds a B.B.A. degree in computer information systems from the University of Miami. We believe Mr. Clarke is well-qualified
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his experience in technology, business and operations roles concentrated in product
management, digital transformation, digital marketing, cybersecurity, data science, emerging technology, business architecture, customer
experiences and worldwide innovation. 

Sherry
Coonse McCraw, Director Sherry McCraw has 30 years of leadership experience in engineering, finance, project
management, and manufacturing at BMW Manufacturing Co., LLC BMW ). Ms. McCraw has served as a Senior Manager responsible
as Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Assembly Manufacturing, and currently holds the role of Vice President of Human Resources. 

Ms.
McCraw began her career with BMW in 1993 with responsibilities for the facility s Testing and Finish operation. Over the next eight
years, she played a key role in various aspects of assembly production, planning, engineering, and technology steering. In 2001, Ms.
McCraw served as the project manager in Munich, Germany to manage the structural planning for the second-generation BMW X5. In 2004,
she returned to Spartanburg, South Carolina as the Planning Manager of Assembly and Technology Steering. In 2007, Ms. McCraw managed
the plant s 1.2 million square foot expansion of its second assembly hall in preparation to produce the BMW X3. In 2011, she was
selected to lead BMW s largest single investment of 900 million to expand the plant for the fifth time in BMW s history.
In 2013, Ms. McCraw was named Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance of BMW. From March 2018 to April 2022, she was appointed
to lead both production halls in her role as Vice President of Assembly Manufacturing. Since April 2022, Ms. McCraw has served as the
Vice President of Human Resources at BMW. Ms. McCraw currently serves on the Board of Directors for the North Carolina Textile Foundation.
She has a Bachelor of Science in Textile Engineering from North Carolina State University. We believe Ms. McCraw is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to her senior leadership experience in financial roles at a large company. 

Dr.
Thomas Kosasa, Director Dr. Thomas Kosasa is a renowned Ob/Gyn/Fertility specialist at the Pacific In Vitro
Fertilization Institute and serves on the Board of Trustees of Pan Pacific Surgical and as a professor of reproductive endocrinology
at the University of Hawaii, John A. Burns School of Medicine. Dr. Kosasa is a consultant for Maternal and Reproductive Health for the
Food and Drug Administration and a past member for the Hawaii State Board of Medical Examiners and the Food and Drug Administration.
Dr. Kosasa is a retired Major in the United States Army and was the Chief of Gyn-Surgical Service and the Director of the Infertility
Division at Martin Army Hospital in Fort Benning, Georgia. Dr. Kosasa graduated from Dartmouth College and earned his medical degree
at the McGill University School of Medicine. He completed his residency in obstetrics and gynecology and fellowship in reproductive endocrinology
at Harvard Medical School in the Boston Hospital for Women and completed a Reproductive Endocrinology Fellowship at the Peter Bent Brigham
Hospital, Harvard Medical School. Dr. Kosasa s professional societies include American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists,
American Fertility Society, Board of Trustees, Pan Pacific Surgical Association, Hawaii Medical Association and Pacific Coast Obstetrical
and Gynecological Society. We believe Dr. Kosasa is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive
experience in the medical field. 

50 

Andrew
Zeinfeld, Director Andy Zeinfeld has over 30 years of public and private sector senior management experience
across a variety of industries, including retail, online, telecom, distribution and real estate. In addition to managing these various
businesses, Mr. Zeinfeld also developed strategies to drive profitable growth both organically and through mergers and acquisitions. 

Since
June 2019, Mr. Zeinfeld has been the managing partner of several LLCs that manage his real estate developments and investment portfolio.
From November 2019 through March 2023, Mr. Zeinfeld served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sunstrike International Ltd., a leading
distributor of second life refurbished mobile devices and trade-in solutions within the circular economy. From 2013 through 2018, Mr.
Zeinfeld also worked at Brightstar Corp. (n/k/a Likewize), an end-to-end mobile device management solutions company, where he served
in various roles of increasing responsibility. We believe Mr. Zeinfeld is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors
due to his senior management experience in both the public and private sector. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors, and people who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file an initial report of ownership (on a Form 3) and reports on subsequent changes in ownership (on Forms 4 or 5) with
the SEC by specified due dates. Our executive officers, directors, and greater-than-10 stockholders are also required by SEC rules to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. As a matter of practice, our staff assists our executive officers and directors
in preparing initial ownership reports and reporting ownership changes, and typically files those reports on their behalf. We are required
to disclose in this proxy statement any failure to file any of these reports on a timely basis. Based solely on our review of the copies
of the forms filed electronically with the SEC, and on written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all of
these requirements were satisfied during the year ended December 31, 2023, except for the following: 

Initial
 Reports of Ownership on Form 3 for the following individuals: 

Erkan
 Akyuz, upon his appointment as a director of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Business Combination; 

Eric
 Casaburi, upon his appointment as a director of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Business Combination; 

Lisa
 Embree, upon her appointment as an executive officer of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Business
 Combination; 

Robert
 Golden, upon his appointment as a director of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Business Combination; 

Aaron
 Green, upon his appointment as an executive officer of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Business
 Combination; 

R.
 Scott Holbrook, upon his appointment as a director of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing of the Business
 Combination; and 

Dr.
 Jeffrey Yu, upon his appointment as an executive officer and director of the Company on November 7, 2023 in connection with the closing
 of the Business Combination. 

Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct Policy 

We
have a written code of ethics and business conduct policy code of ethics in place that applies to all the Company s
directors, officers and employees, including the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our code of ethics is available on our website at
https://www.onemednet.com/investor-relations/. We intend to use the Investor Relations section of our website as a method of disclosing
any change to, or waiver from, our code of ethics as permitted by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

51 

Audit
Committee 

The
Board of Directors has a separately-designated standing Audit Committee. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted
by the Board of Directors. A copy of the Audit Committee Charter is available under Corporate Governance on the Investor Relations page
of the Company s website at https://www.onemednet.com/investor-relations/. 

The
members of the Audit Committee are Sherry Coonse McCraw, Jair Clarke, and Dr. Thomas Kosasa. Ms. Coonse McCraw serves as the Chair of
the Audit Committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of the directors serving on our Audit Committee is independent within
the meaning of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and meet
the requirements for financial literacy under the Nasdaq rules. In addition, our Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Coonse McCraw
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and applicable Nasdaq rules. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

2023
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the total compensation earned for services rendered during the years shown by our named executive officers
as of December 31, 2023. 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Paul Casey 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2023 
 144,000 
 
 180,250 

324,250 

2022 
 84,545 
 
 240,000 

60,000 
 384,545 
 
 Aaron Green 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2023 
 58,333 

58,333 
 
 Lisa Embree 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 2023 
 225,000 
 50,000 

275,000 

2022 
 106,250 

132,300 
 
 27,231 
 265,781 
 
 Debra Reinhart 
 Former Clinical Application/ Product Analyst (4) 
 2023 
 220,074 

220,074 

2022 
 163,000 
 29,000 
 
 54,000 

246,000 

(1)
 
 Mr.
 Casey served as a consultant to the Company from January 2022 through May 31, 2022, and then as Chief Executive Officer through his
 retirement in March 2024. Amounts for stock awards represents excess compensation expense for previously granted awards, which were
 cancelled in connection with the Business Combination. 

52 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Green has served as President since May 2023 and as Chief Executive Officer since March 2024. 
 
 (3)
 
 Ms.
 Embree served as a consultant from January 2022 through April 15, 2022, and then as Chief Financial Officer until her resignation
 in August 2024. 
 
 (4)
 
 Ms.
 Reinhart separated from the Company in October 2023. 

Executive
Employment Arrangements 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company entered into employment agreements with certain executive officers:
Aaron Green, Lisa Embree, and Paul Casey. The employment agreements provide for at-will employment that may be terminated by the Company
with or without cause, by the executive with or without good reason, or mutually terminated by the parties. 

The
employment agreement for Mr. Green provides for a 350,000 annual base salary, eligibility to receive an annual cash performance bonus
of up to 175,000 upon achievement of certain performance goals, and eligibility to receive additional shares under the Company s
equity plan, subject to approval by the Board of Directors. In the event that his employment is terminated by the Company without Cause
(as defined in the employment agreement), or is terminated by Mr. Green for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreement), after
six months of employment, and he signs and does not revoke a standard release of claims with the Company in a form reasonably satisfactory
to the Company s Board of Directors (a Release ), which Release becomes irrevocable no later than sixty (60) days
(the Release Deadline ), after the date of his termination of employment (the Termination Date he will be
entitled to the following severance payment, as follows: (a) if the Termination Date is after six (6) months of employment, but
before he has completed 12 months of employment, he will receive three months salary; and (b) if the Termination Date is
after 12 months employment he will receive six months salary. If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable
by the Release Deadline, he will forfeit any right to severance. 

The
employment agreement for Ms. Embree provided for a 225,000 annual base salary, eligibility to receive an annual cash performance bonus
of twenty-five percent (25 of her annual salary upon her achievement of certain performance goals, and eligibility to receive additional
shares under the Company s equity plan, subject to approval by the Board of Directors. In connection with her separation from the
Company, Ms. Embree received one month s salary, the continuation of all her benefits for one month, and the ability to vest one-third
of her prior equity awards (such portion equal to 86,667 shares) on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. 

The
employment agreement for Mr. Casey provided for 144,000 annual salary, eligibility to receive 147,000 shares of stock upon the successful
fundraising of an amount equal to or greater than 5,000,000 and further equity subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. On
March 22, 2024, Mr. Casey notified the Company of his intention to retire as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective March 29,
2024. Effective October 1, 2024, Mr. Casey resigned from the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
In connection with Mr. Casey s retirement, Mr. Casey and the Company entered into a Resignation Agreement and Release, dated March
22, 2024, pursuant to which Mr. Casey was paid 12,000 as a severance payment, and the Board of Directors approved a stock option grant
providing for the grant of 147,000 five-year options exercisable at 1.00 per share. 

2023
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None
of the named executive officers had outstanding equity award as of December 31, 2023. All outstanding equity awards during 2023 were
converted or terminated in connection with the Business Combination. 

Director
Compensation 

No
compensation was paid to our Board of Directors for services through December 31, 2023 following the closing of the Business Combination.
Any outstanding equity awards at the time of the Business Combination were converted or terminated in connection with the Business Combination.
The Company reimburses all of its directors for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings
of the Board. 

53 

In
April 2024, the Board adopted a revised director compensation policy (the Director Compensation Policy ). The Director Compensation
Policy provides for the annual automatic grant of 45,000 shares of common stock to each director for each full year of service. Such
grants will occur annually at year end of the one-year anniversary thereafter. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
table below summarizes information relating to our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2023. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

3,226,334 (1)(2) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

3,226,334 

(1) 
 At
 the Special Meeting held on October 17, 2023, our stockholders considered and approved the OneMedNet Corporation 2022 Equity Incentive
 Plan (the 2022 Plan and reserved for issuance thereunder an amount of shares of Common Stock equal to 10 of the number
 of shares of Common Stock of the Company following the Business Combination. The Business Combination closed on November 7, 2023.
 All prior equity plans were cancelled in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. 

(2) 
 The
 2022 Plan allows for the issuance of options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards
 and other equity awards. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
table below sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by beneficial owners of more than 5 
of our outstanding Common Stock, each current director, each named executive officer included in the Summary Compensation Table, and
all current directors and executive officers as a group, as of October 31, 2024 (unless otherwise noted below). Percentage ownership
is based on 27,987,427 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 31, 2024. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power. In computing the number of shares beneficially
owned by an individual or entity and the percentage ownership of that person, shares subject to options, or other rights, held by such
person that are currently exercisable or convertible, or will become exercisable or convertible or will vest within 60 days of October 31, 2024, are considered outstanding, although these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. 

54 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of all listed stockholders is c/o OneMedNet Corporation, 6385 Old Shady Oak Road, Suite 250, Eden Prairie,
Minnesota 55344. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all securities that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Name 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned (#) 
 Percent of Class ) 
 
 5 Owners 

Discovery Capital Management, LLC (1) 
 2,301,791 
 8.2 
 
 Off the Chain, LP (2) 
 3,215,650 
 11.5 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Paul Casey(3) 
 100,000 

Aaron Green(4) 
 449,252 
 1.6 
 
 Robert Golden 

Lisa Embree(5) 

Debra Reinhart(6) 

Dr. Jeffrey Yu(7) 
 1,478,749 
 5.3 
 
 Eric Casaburi 

Jair Clarke 

Sherry Coonse McCraw 

Dr. Thomas Kosasa(8) 
 11,825,756 
 38.6 
 
 Andrew Zeinfeld 

All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (8 people) 
 13,853,757 
 44.7 

Represents
 beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Based
 solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Discovery Capital Management, LLC Discovery with the SEC on August 5, 2024. Discovery s
 address is listed on the Schedule 13G as 20 Marshall Street, Suite 310, South Norwalk, Connecticut 06854. 

(2) 
 Based
 solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Off the Chain LP OTC with the SEC on October 1, 2024. OTC s address is listed
 on the Schedule 13G as 10337 Los Feliz Dr., Orlando, Florida 32836. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Casey retired from the Company in March 2024. 

(4) 
 Includes
 233,296 shares issuable upon conversion of the Pre-Closing PIPE Notes and 15,956 shares underlying warrants related to the Pre-Closing
 PIPE and the Warrant Agreements executed at the closing of the Business Combination. 

(5) 
 Ms.
 Embree resigned from the Company in August 2024. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Casey separated from the Company in October 2023. 

(7) 
 Includes
 93,318 shares issuable upon conversion of the Pre-Closing PIPE Notes and 31,916 shares underlying warrants related to the Pre-Closing
 PIPE and the Warrant Agreements executed at the closing of the Business Combination. Excludes an aggregate of 1,145,484 shares held
 by the Jeffrey N.C. Yu Spousal Trust and the Wendy Sanderson Yu Spousal Trust, for which Mr. Yu is not the trustee of either trust
 and has no investment control over the share held in trust. 

(8) 
 Includes
 (i) 466,592 shares issuable upon conversion of the Pre-Closing PIPE Notes, (ii) 2,123,424 shares issuable upon conversion of
 shareholder loans, and (iii) 31,916 shares underlying warrants related to the Pre-Closing PIPE and the Warrant Agreements executed
 at the closing of the Business Combination. 

55 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related
Person Transactions 

The
following is a description of certain transactions, arrangements and relationships in which we were a participant since January 1, 2022
and the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and in which any of our executive officers, directors or holders of more than
5 of any class of our voting securities, or an affiliate or immediate family member thereof, had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest. Certain equity, compensation, and other arrangements are described under Executive Compensation and are not considered
related person transactions for these purposes. 

PIPE
Notes and Warrants 

As
disclosed in Note 3 and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statement included herein, Data Knights
issued and sold PIPE Notes in connection with the Business Combination, which are convertible into shares of Common Stock. Total proceeds
raised from the PIPE Notes were 1.5 million, of which 1.0 million were with related party investors , including our Mr. Green (our Chief
Executive Officer), Dr. Yu (our Chairman of the Board) and Dr. Kosasa (a director) . In connection with the
issuance of the PIPE Notes, the Company also issued a total of 95,744 shares of PIPE Warrants, of which 63,829 shares were issued to
the same related party investors. Refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statement included herein for additional details on
the terms of the PIPE Warrants. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes and Warrants 

From
2019 to 2023, the Company issued various Convertible Promissory Notes to related party investors. Total gross proceeds raised from Convertible
Promissory Notes with related parties was 12.3 million (out of 14.2 million total). In connection with the issuance of the Convertible
Promissory Notes, the Company also issued 2,976,000 shares of Convertible Promissory Note Warrants to the same related parties (out of
3,726,000 total). Refer to Note 6 and Note 10 for additional details on the terms of the Convertible Promissory Notes and Convertible
Promissory Note Warrants, respectively. 

The
Closing of the Business Combination triggered the conversion of all Convertible Promissory Notes into shares of Common Stock, as disclosed
in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statement included herein. 

Shareholder
Loans 

From
April 2023 to December 2023, the Company entered into shareholder loans with two related party investors, including Dr. Yu (our Chairman
of the Board) and Dr. Kosasa (a director) (the Shareholder Loans for aggregate gross proceeds of 954 thousand. The Shareholder Loans bear an interest rate of 8.0 and mature one year from issuance.
There are no financial or non-financial covenants associated with the Shareholder Loans. The Shareholder Loans are not convertible into
equity. 

On
November 7, 2023, in connection with the Business Combination, one of the Shareholder Loans for 0.5 million was converted into a PIPE
Note equal to the amount of principal and interest outstanding at the time of Closing. The Company accounted for the exchange as an extinguishment
whereby the Shareholder Loan was written off and a separate PIPE Note was recorded at fair value, as disclosed in Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statement included herein. 

As
of December 31, 2023, a total of 454 thousand of Shareholder Loans remains outstanding which is classified as loan related party
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

During 2024, through the date of this report, the Company received gross
proceeds of 2.0 million in connection with shareholder loans with related party investors, including Dr.
Yu (our Chairman of the Board) and Dr. Kosasa (a director) . Of the 2.0 million, 1.6 million is convertible into shares of Common
Stock at a conversion price of 0.7535 per share. The remaining 0.4 million is not convertible into equity and bears an interest rate
of 8.0 with a maturity date one year from issuance. The Company subsequently repaid 0.2 million of the non-convertible shareholder loans
through the date of this report. 

Loan
Extensions 

As
disclosed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statement included herein, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company
assumed Data Knights liabilities, which included existing loan extensions to related parties. The loan extensions were to be exchanged
for a fixed amount of the Company s Common Stock upon the closing of a business combination or a similar event. As of December
31, 2023, a balance of 3.0 million remains outstanding and is recorded as loan extensions on the Company s consolidated balance
sheet. 

Policies
and Procedures for Approving Transactions with Related Persons 

Our
Audit Committee reviews and oversees all related person transactions in accordance with our Related Party Transactions Policy, either
in advance or when we become aware of a related person transaction that was not reviewed and approved in advance. Other than as described
above, there were no related person transactions in the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2023. The transactions described above were
approved by the Board of Directors at the time they were entered into. 

56 

Director
Independence 

The
rules of Nasdaq require that a majority of the Company s board of directors be independent. An independent director 
is generally defined under applicable Nasdaq rules as a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or
any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the director s exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our
Board is comprised of a majority of independent directors. Our Board has determined that each of Eric Casaburi, Jair Clarke, Sherry Coonse
McCraw, Dr. Thomas Kosasa, and Andrew Zeinfeld is an independent director under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq and do not have any material
relationship with us other than their positions as directors and stockholders. The following individuals also served as a director during
the year ended December 31, 2023 and were determined by our Board to be independent under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq: Erkan Akyuz,
R. Scott Holbrook, and Dr. Julianne Huh. In making these determinations, our Board considered past employment, remuneration, and all
other relationships each of these directors have with OneMedNet, as well as the specific independence tests set forth in Nasdaq s
director independence rules. As our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary,
and our Chief Medical Officer and Vice President, respectively, none of Mr. Green, Mr. Golden, or Dr. Yu is considered an independent
director under SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

The
Board of Directors also has determined that Mr. Casaburi, Mr. Clarke, Ms. Coonse McCraw, Mr. Kosasa and Mr. Zeinfeld are independent
directors under SEC rules applicable to Audit Committee members and Compensation Committee members, and that each of Mr. Akyuz,
Mr. Golden, and Ms. Huh was an independent director under Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules applicable to Audit Committee
members and Compensation Committee members for the periods in 2023 and 2024 that they each served on such committees. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention (including termination), scope and oversight of
our independent auditors. WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum ), a registered public accounting firm, has served as our independent
auditors since 2024. 

On
May 3, 2024, the SEC permanently suspended BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers from appearing or practicing before the SEC as
a registered public accounting firm. Following this order, on May 6, 2024, the Board of Directors approved the dismissal of BF Borgers
as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. On June 3, 2024, the Company appointed Withum as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
reports of BF Borgers on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022,
did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles other than an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, and through the date of dismissal on May 6, 2024, there were no disagreements 
with BF Borgers on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which
disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF Borgers would have caused BF Borgers to make reference thereto in its reports
on the financial statements for such years. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, and through May 6,
2024, there have been no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K),
except for the identified material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as disclosed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

57 

Fees
billed by BF Borgers for services provided for fiscal 2023 were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 203,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 
 15,000 
 
 All Other Fees 

Total 
 218,500 

Audit
fees include fees associated with (i) the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting,
(ii) the review of our periodic reports, (iii) accounting consultations, (iv) services related to, or required by, statute or regulation,
such as consents, and (v) other audit services related to SEC and other regulatory filings. Tax fees represent fees for tax consulting
services. 

All
of the services and fees of BF Borgers were pre-approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to the pre-approval policy and procedures set
forth below. Withum did not perform any services for the Company in 2023 and any fees will be reported for 2024 in future filings. Any
services and fees of Withum are also approved pursuant to the pre-approval policy and procedures set forth below. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under
its charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for approving the fees and any other significant compensation paid to our independent
accountants and pre-approving any non-audit services to be performed by our independent accountants. The pre-approval requirement may
be waived only if the non-audit services meet a de minimis exception allowed by law. In carrying out this responsibility, the
Audit Committee follows the following general procedures for the preapproval of non-audit services: 

Each
 year the Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves a schedule of the proposed non-audit services and estimated fees to be provided
 by the independent accountants during the next annual audit cycle. 

Actual
 amounts paid to the independent accountants are monitored by management and reported to the Audit Committee. 

Any
 non-audit services proposed to be provided by the independent accountants and the related fees that have not been pre-approved during
 the annual review by the Audit Committee must be pre-approved by the Audit Committee in advance of any work performed (unless the
 services meet the de minimis exception allowed by law).Incremental fees for previously approved non-audit services that are
 expected to exceed the previously approved fee estimate must also be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

58 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

Index
 to Financial Statements 
 Page 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Temporary Equity and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

These
exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference into this Report. 

59 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 25, 2022, by and among Data Knights, Merger Sub, Sponsor, OneMedNet, and Paul Casey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of OneMedNet Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of OneMedNet Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 28, 2023 with OneMedNet Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, by and between Data Knights, the initial security holders and the officers and directors of the Data Knights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of OneMedNet Corporation 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex D to the proxy statement/prospectus which is part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC on September 22, 2023). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by certain OneMedNet equity holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit G to Annex B to the proxy statement/prospectus which is part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC on September 22, 2023). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Lockup Agreement by certain OneMedNet equity holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit C to Annex B to the proxy statement/prospectus which is part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC on September 22, 2023). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between OneMedNet Corporation and Aaron Green, President (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between OneMedNet Corporation and Lisa Embree, Chief Financial Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.09 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023). 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between OneMedNet Corporation and Paul Casey, Chief Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement entered into as of March 28, 2024, by and between OneMedNet Corporation and each investor identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of March 28, 2024, by and among OneMedNet Corporation and each of the investors to the Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Subscription Escrow Agreement effective March 28, 2024, by and among OneMedNet Corporation, each investor identified on the signature pages thereto, and Rimon, P.C., as the Escrow Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement, effective as of June 4, 2024, between OneMedNet Corporation and each investor identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2024). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2024, between OneMedNet Corporation and Helena Global Investment Opportunities 1 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024, by and between OneMedNet Corporation and YA II PN, LTD. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of June 18, 2024, issued by OneMedNet Corporation to YA II PN, LTD. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2024, by and between OneMedNet Corporation and YA II PN, LTD. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024). 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated August 30, 2024, between OneMedNet Corporation and Robert Golden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2024). 

60 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Schedules
and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy
of any omitted schedule of exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

+
Management or compensatory agreement or arrangement. 

The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will
not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent
that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November
5, 2024 

OneMedNet
 Corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Aaron Green 

Name: 
 Aaron
 Green 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

62 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

I,
Aaron Green, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023
 of OneMedNet Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Aaron Green 

Aaron
 Green 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

I,
Robert Golden, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023
 of OneMedNet Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert Golden 

Robert
 Golden 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of OneMedNet Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Aaron Green, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company 

Date:
November 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Aaron Green 

Aaron
 Green 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of OneMedNet Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert Golden, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company 

Date:
November 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert Golden 

Robert
 Golden 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 onmt-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 onmt-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 onmt-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 onmt-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

