<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1038509_0001038509-24-000040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27036665</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142138</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2358851</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14496838</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4453712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4769444</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001038509-24-000040.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001038509-24-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE OF NEW JERSEY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001038509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				222426091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-18053
		FILM NUMBER:		241440533

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		213 WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9738022859

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		213 WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001038509-24-000040.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 cik1038509-20240930.htm
 10-Q - 3Q 2024

cik1038509-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address and Telephone Number of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of the Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, shares of the registrant s Common Stock (par value 5) were outstanding. As of such date, Pruco Life Insurance Company, an Arizona corporation, owned all of the registrant s Common Stock. 
 Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey meets the conditions set 
 forth in General Instruction (H) (1) (a) and (b) on Form 10-Q and 
 is therefore filing this Form 10-Q in the reduced disclosure format. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Number PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Financial Position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
 9 
 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 
 9 
 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Pronouncements 
 10 
 3. Investments 
 11 
 4. Derivatives and Hedging 
 21 
 5. Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities 
 27 
 6. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs and Deferred Reinsurance 
 37 
 7. Separate Accounts 
 38 
 8. Liability for Future Policy Benefits 
 40 
 9. Policyholders' Account Balances 
 47 
 10. Market Risk Benefits 
 50 
 11. Reinsurance 
 52 
 12. Income Taxes 
 56 
 13. Equity 
 57 
 14. Related Party Transactions 
 59 
 15. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 62 
 16. Revision to Prior Period Financial Statements 
 64 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 66 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 73 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 74 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 74 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 74 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 75 
 SIGNATURES 
 76 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain of the statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, believes, anticipates, includes, plans, assumes, estimates, projects, intends, should, will, shall or variations of such words are generally part of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey and its subsidiary. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey and its subsidiary will be those anticipated by management. These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and there are certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements, including, among others: (1) losses on investments or financial contracts due to deterioration in credit quality or value, or counterparty default; (2) losses on insurance products due to mortality experience or policyholder behavior experience that differs significantly from our expectations when we price our products; (3) changes in interest rates and equity prices that may (a) adversely impact the profitability of our products, the value of separate accounts supporting these products or the value of assets we manage, (b) result in losses on derivatives we use to hedge risk or increase collateral posting requirements and (c) limit opportunities to invest at appropriate returns; (4) guarantees within certain of our products which are market sensitive and may decrease our earnings or increase the volatility of our results of operations or financial position; (5) liquidity needs resulting from (a) derivative collateral market exposure, (b) asset/liability mismatches, (c) the lack of available funding in the financial markets or (d) unexpected cash demands due to severe mortality calamity or lapse events; (6) financial or customer losses, or regulatory and legal actions, due to inadequate or failed processes or systems, external events and human error or misconduct such as (a) disruption of our systems and data, (b) an information security breach, (c) a failure to protect the privacy of sensitive data (d) reliance on third parties or (e) labor and employment matters; (7) changes in the regulatory landscape, including related to (a) financial sector regulatory reform, (b) changes in tax laws, (c) fiduciary rules and other standards of care, (d) state insurance laws and developments regarding group-wide supervision, capital and reserves, and (e) privacy and cybersecurity regulation; (8) technological changes which may adversely impact companies in our investment portfolio or cause insurance experience to deviate from our assumptions; (9) ratings downgrades; (10) market conditions that may adversely affect the sales or persistency of our products; (11) competition; and (12) reputational damage. Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey does not intend, and is under no obligation, to update any particular forward-looking statement included in this document. See Risk Factors included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for discussion of certain risks relating to our business and investment in our securities. 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Financial Position 
 September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Fixed maturities, available for sale, at fair value (allowance for credit losses: 2024- ; 2023- (amortized cost: 2024- ; 2023- 
 Fixed maturities, trading, at fair value (amortized cost: 2024- ; 2023- 
 Equity securities, at fair value (cost: 2024- ; 2023- 
 Policy loans Short-term investments Commercial mortgage and other loans (net of and allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Other invested assets (includes and of assets measured at fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Deferred policy acquisition costs Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Income tax assets Market risk benefit assets Other assets Separate account assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES Policyholders account balances Future policy benefits Market risk benefit liabilities Payables to parent and affiliates Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (See Note 15) 
 EQUITY Common stock par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUES Premiums (includes , , and of gains from changes in estimates on deferred profit liability amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Policy charges and fee income Net investment income Asset administration fees Other income (loss) Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gain (loss) ) TOTAL REVENUES BENEFITS AND EXPENSES Policyholders benefits ) Change in estimates of liability for future policy benefits ) ) ) ) Interest credited to policyholders account balances Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ) General, administrative and other expenses TOTAL BENEFITS AND EXPENSES INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Interest rate remeasurement of future policy benefits ) ) Gain (loss) from changes in non-performance risk on market risk benefits ) ) ) Total ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) related to other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 

See Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Equity 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss)(1) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss)(1) ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024(1) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes Total comprehensive income (loss) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 (1) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2022(1) ) Contributed capital Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 Contributed (distributed) capital-parent/child asset transfers Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 (1) 

See Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) 
 
 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Policy charges and fee income ) ) Interest credited to policyholders account balances Realized investment (gains) losses, net ) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging (gains) losses ) ) Change in: Future policy benefits and other insurance liabilities Reinsurance recoverables ) ) Accrued investment income ) Net payables to/receivables from parent and affiliates ) Deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Income taxes ) ) Derivatives, net Other, net ) Cash flows from (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from the sale/maturity/prepayment of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Policy loans Ceded policy loans ) ) Short-term investments Commercial mortgage and other loans Other invested assets Payments for the purchase/origination of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) Equity securities ) ) Policy loans ) ) Ceded policy loans Short-term investments ) ) Commercial mortgage and other loans ) ) Other invested assets ) ) Notes receivable from parent and affiliates, net ) Derivatives, net ) ) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Policyholders account deposits Ceded policyholders account deposits ) ) Policyholders account withdrawals ) ) Ceded policyholders account withdrawals Net change in securities sold under agreement to repurchase and cash collateral for loaned securities Contributed / (return of) capital Contributed (distributed) capital - parent/child asset transfers Drafts outstanding ) ) Other, net Cash flows from (used in) financing activities NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 
 
 Significant Non-Cash Transactions 
 
 "Cash flows from (used in) operating activities" for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 excludes certain non-cash activities in the amount of million related to the Company's affiliated reinsurance with Prudential Universal Reinsurance Entity Company ("PURE") and The Prudential Insurance Company of America ("Prudential Insurance"). See Note 11 for additional information. There were significant non-cash transactions for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

See Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 
 8 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 

1. 

Revision to Prior Period Interim Financial Statements 
 
 The Company identified misstatements in the previously issued interim Financial Statements for the three months ended March 31, 2024. Prior period amounts have been revised in the Financial Statements and related disclosures to correct this error. Management evaluated these adjustments and concluded they were not material to any previously reported quarterly Financial Statements. See Note 16 for a more detailed description of the revisions and for comparisons of amounts previously reported to the revised amounts. 
 9 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 2. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government securities U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities(1) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities(2) Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 (1) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by loan obligations and education loans. 
 (2) Includes publicly-traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Allowance for Credit Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government authorities and agencies Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government securities U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities(1) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities(2) Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 (1) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by loan obligations and education loans. 
 (2) Includes publicly-traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government securities U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less Than Twelve Months Twelve Months or More Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government authorities and agencies Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government securities U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 
 12 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, related to 1 highest quality or 2 high quality securities based on the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC or equivalent rating and million and million, respectively, related to other than high or highest quality securities based on NAIC or equivalent rating. As of September 30, 2024, the million of gross unrealized losses of twelve months or more were concentrated in the Company s corporate securities within the consumer non-cyclical, utility and finance sectors. As of December 31, 2023, the million of gross unrealized losses of twelve months or more were concentrated in the Company s corporate securities within the utility, finance and consumer non-cyclical sectors. 
 
 In accordance with its policy described in Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company concluded that an adjustment to earnings for credit losses related to these fixed maturity securities was not warranted at September 30, 2024. This conclusion was based on a detailed analysis of the underlying credit and cash flows for each security. Gross unrealized losses are primarily attributable to increases in interest rates, general credit spread widening and foreign currency exchange rate movements. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not intend to sell these securities, and it was not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. Asset-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and residential mortgage-backed securities are shown separately in the table above as they do not have a single maturity date. 
 
 Proceeds from maturities/prepayments Gross investment gains from sales and maturities Gross investment losses from sales and maturities ) ) ) ) (Addition to) release of allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 (1) Excludes activity from non-cash related proceeds due to the timing of trade settlements of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 13 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

Additions to allowance for credit losses not previously recorded Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 U.S. Treasury Securities and Obligations of U.S. States Foreign Government Securities U.S. and Foreign Corporate Securities Asset-Backed Securities Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Total (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: Balance, beginning of period Reductions for securities sold during the period Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance Balance, end of period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 U.S. Treasury Securities and Obligations of U.S. States Foreign Government Securities U.S. and Foreign Corporate Securities Asset-Backed Securities Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Total (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: Balance, beginning of period Additions to allowance for credit losses not previously recorded Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 14 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Reductions for securities sold during the period ) ) Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance ) ) Balance, end of period 

See Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information about the Company s methodology for developing our allowance and expected losses. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 the net decrease in the allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities was primarily related to a net release within the communications sector within corporate securities due to a recovery. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 there was a minimal increase in the allowance for credit loss on available-for-sale securities. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net increase in the allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities was primarily related to a net addition in the communications sector within corporate securities due to adverse projected cash flows. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the net decrease in the allowance for credit losses on available for-sale securities was primarily related to a restructuring in the transportation sector within corporate securities. 
 
 The Company did t have any fixed maturity securities purchased with credit deterioration as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Fixed Maturities, Trading 
 
 The net change in unrealized gains (losses) from fixed maturities, trading still held at period end, recorded within Other income (loss), was million and ) million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 The net change in unrealized gains (losses) from equity securities still held at period end, recorded within Other income (loss), was million and ) million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Hospitality Industrial Office Other Retail Total commercial mortgage loans Agricultural property loans Total commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total net commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans were secured by properties geographically dispersed throughout the United States (with the largest concentrations in Florida ), Washington ), California )), and included loans secured by properties in Europe and Mexico ). 
 
 Addition to (release of) allowance for expected losses Allowance, end of period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Commercial Mortgage Loans Agricultural Property Loans Total Commercial Mortgage Loans Agricultural Property Loans Total (in thousands) Allowance, beginning of period Addition to (release of) allowance for expected losses ) Allowance, end of period 
 
 16 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater than 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total Agricultural property loans Loan-to-Value Ratio: 0 -59.99 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater than 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total 
 17 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater than 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total Agricultural property loans Loan-to-Value Ratio: 0 -59.99 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater than 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total 
 
 See Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information about the Company's commercial mortgage and other loans credit quality monitoring process. 
 
 Agricultural property loans Total 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, there were loans in this category accruing interest. 
 (2) For additional information regarding the Company s policies for accruing interest on loans, see Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 . 
 18 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Agricultural property loans Total 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, there were loans in this category accruing interest. 
 (2) For additional information regarding the Company s policies for accruing interest on loans, see Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were commercial mortgage and other loans acquired, respectively, other than those through direct origination, and there were commercial mortgage and other loans sold. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were million and million commercial mortgage and other loans acquired, respectively, other than those through direct origination, and there were commercial mortgage and other loans sold. 
 
 The Company did have any commercial mortgage and other loans purchased with credit deterioration as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Invested Assets 
 
 Hedge funds Real estate-related Subtotal equity method Fair value: Private equity Hedge funds Real estate-related Subtotal fair value Total LPs/LLCs Derivative instruments Other Total other invested assets 
 19 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Equity securities Commercial mortgage and other loans Policy loans Short-term investments and cash equivalents Total accrued investment income 
 
 There were write-downs on accrued investment income for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Commercial mortgage and other loans Policy loans Other invested assets Short-term investments and cash equivalents Gross investment income Less: investment expenses ) ) ) ) Net investment income 
 
 Realized Investment Gains (Losses), Net ) ) ) Commercial mortgage and other loans ) ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Derivatives ) ) Short term investments and cash equivalents ) Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) 
 (1) Includes fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale and excludes fixed maturity securities classified as trading. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale without an allowance ) ) Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges(1) Other investments Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) 
 (1) For more information on cash flow hedges, see Note 4. 
 
 Repurchase Agreements and Securities Lending 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company sells securities under agreements to repurchase and enters into securities lending transactions. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had repurchase agreements. 

21 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) Total Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: ) ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: 
 Interest Rate Interest Rate Swaps ) ) Credit Credit Default Swaps Currency/Interest Rate Foreign Currency Swaps ) ) Foreign Currency Foreign Currency Forwards ) ) Equity Total Return Swaps ) Equity Options ) ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: ) ) Total Derivatives(1)(2) ) ) 
 (1) Excludes embedded derivatives which contain multiple underlying risks. The fair value of these embedded derivatives was a net liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively included in Policyholders account balances" and "Reinsurance recoverables". 
 (2) Recorded in "Other invested assets" and "Payables to parent and affiliates" on the Unaudited Interim Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) Total Assets ) ) Offsetting of Financial Liabilities: Derivatives ) Total Liabilities ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Amounts of Recognized Financial Instruments Gross Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial Position Net Amounts Presented in the Statements of Financial Position Financial Instruments/ Collateral(1) Net Amount (in thousands) Offsetting of Financial Assets: Derivatives ) Total Assets ) Offsetting of Financial Liabilities: Derivatives ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) 
 (1) Amounts exclude the excess of collateral received/pledged from/to the counterparty. 
 
 For information regarding the rights of offset associated with the derivative assets and liabilities in the table above see Credit Risk below and Note 14. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate ) Currency ) Currency/Interest Rate ) ) Credit Equity Embedded Derivatives ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 24 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate Currency ) Currency/Interest Rate ) ) Credit Equity Embedded Derivatives ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Realized 
 Investment 
 Gains (Losses) 
 Change in Value of Market Risk Benefits, Net of Related Hedging Gain (Loss) 
 Net Investment Income Other Income Change in AOCI (in thousands) Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Cash flow hedges Currency/Interest Rate ) Total cash flow hedges ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate ) Currency Currency/Interest Rate Credit Equity ) Embedded Derivatives Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments Total 
 25 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate ) Currency Currency/Interest Rate ) ) Credit Equity Embedded Derivatives ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) Total ) 
 
 Amount recorded in AOCI Currency/Interest Rate ) Total amount recorded in AOCI ) Amount reclassified from AOCI to income Currency/Interest Rate ) Total amount reclassified from AOCI to income ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 The changes in fair value of cash flow hedges are deferred in AOCI and are included in "Net unrealized investment gains (losses)" in the Unaudited Interim Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss); these amounts are then reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Using September 30, 2024 values, it is estimated that a pre-tax gain of million is expected to be reclassified from AOCI to earnings during the subsequent twelve months ending September 30, 2025. 
 
 The exposures the Company is hedging with these qualifying cash flow hedges include the variability of the payment or receipt of interest or foreign currency amounts on existing financial instruments. 
 
 There were no material amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings relating to instances in which the Company discontinued cash flow hedge accounting because the forecasted transaction did not occur by the anticipated date or within the additional time period permitted by the authoritative guidance for the accounting for derivatives and hedging. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

5. 

27 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government securities U.S. corporate public securities U.S. corporate private securities Foreign corporate public securities Foreign corporate private securities Asset-backed securities(2) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Subtotal Market risk benefit assets Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Short-term investments Cash equivalents Other invested assets(3) ) Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Subtotal excluding separate account assets ) Separate account assets(4)(5) Total assets ) Market risk benefit liabilities Policyholders' account balances Payables to parent and affiliates ) Total liabilities ) 
 28 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government securities U.S. corporate public securities U.S. corporate private securities Foreign corporate public securities Foreign corporate private securities Asset-backed securities(2) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Subtotal Market risk benefit assets Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Short-term investments Cash equivalents Other invested assets(3) ) Reinsurance recoverables Subtotal excluding separate account assets ) Separate account assets(4)(5) Total assets ) Market risk benefit liabilities Policyholders' account balances Payables to parent and affiliates ) Total liabilities ) 
 (1) Netting amounts represent cash collateral of ) million and ) million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and the impact of offsetting asset and liability positions held with the same counterparty, subject to master netting agreements. 
 (2) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by loan obligations and education loans. 
 (3) Other invested assets excluded from the fair value hierarchy include certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other funds for which fair value is measured at net asset value ("NAV") per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of such investments was million and million, respectively. 
 (4) Separate account assets included in the fair value hierarchy exclude investments in entities that calculate NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. Such investments excluded from the fair value hierarchy include investments in real estate, hedge funds and a corporate owned life insurance fund. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of such investments was million and million, respectively. 
 (5) Separate account assets represent segregated funds that are invested for certain customers. Investment risks associated with market value changes are borne by the customers, except to the extent of minimum guarantees made by the Company with respect to certain accounts. Separate account liabilities are not included in the above table as they are reported at contract value and not fair value in the Company's Unaudited Interim Statements of Financial Position. 

29 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

Discounted cash flow Discount rate Decrease Commercial mortgage-backed securities Discounted cash flow Liquidity premium Decrease Market risk benefit assets(4) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Increase Spread over SOFR(6) Increase Utilization rate(7) Decrease Withdrawal rate See table footnote (8) below. Mortality rate(9) Increase Equity volatility curve Decrease Reinsurance Recoverables Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Decrease Spread over SOFR(6) Decrease Option budget(11) ) Increase Receivables from parent and affiliates Liquidation Liquidation value Increase Liabilities: Market risk benefit liabilities(4) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Decrease Spread over SOFR(6) Decrease Utilization rate(7) Increase Withdrawal rate See table footnote (8) below. Mortality rate(9) Decrease Equity volatility curve Increase Policyholders' account balances(10) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Decrease Spread over SOFR(6) Decrease Mortality rate(9) Decrease Option budget(11) ) Increase 
 
 30 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Discounted cash flow Liquidity premium Decrease Market risk benefit assets(4) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Increase Spread over SOFR(6) Increase Utilization rate(7) Decrease Withdrawal rate See table footnote (8) below. Mortality rate(9) Increase Equity volatility curve Decrease Liabilities: Market risk benefit liabilities(4) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Decrease Spread over SOFR(6) Decrease Utilization rate(7) Increase Withdrawal rate See table footnote (8) below. Mortality rate(9) Decrease Equity volatility curve Increase Policyholders' account balances(10) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(5) Decrease Spread over SOFR(6) Decrease Mortality rate(9) Decrease Option budget(11) ) Increase 
 (1) Conversely, the impact of a decrease in input would have the opposite impact on fair value as that presented in the table. 
 (2) Directional impacts for MRB assets and liabilities are associated with the directional impacts of direct and assumed MRBs. 
 (3) Includes assets classified as fixed maturities available-for-sale. 
 (4) Market risk benefits primarily represent fair value for all living benefit guarantees including accumulation, withdrawal and income benefits. Since the valuation methodology for these assets and liabilities uses a range of inputs that vary at the contract level over the cash flow projection period, presenting a range, rather than weighted average, is a more meaningful representation of the unobservable inputs used in the valuation. 
 (5) Lapse rates for contracts with living benefit guarantees are adjusted at the contract level based on the in-the-moneyness of the living benefit and reflect other factors, such as the applicability of any surrender charges. Lapse rates are reduced when contracts are more in-the-money. Lapse rates for contracts with index-linked crediting guarantees may be adjusted at the contract level based on the applicability of any surrender charges, product type, and market related factors such as interest rates. Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower for the period where surrender charges apply. For any given contract, lapse rates vary throughout the period over which cash flows are projected for the purposes of valuing these balances. 
 (6) The spread over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR swap curve represents the premium added to the proxy for the risk-free rate (SOFR) to reflect the Company s estimates of rates that a market participant would use to value the living benefits in both the accumulation and payout phases and index-linked interest crediting guarantees as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This spread includes an estimate of non-performance risk ("NPR"), which is the risk that the obligation will not be fulfilled by the Company. NPR is primarily estimated by utilizing the credit spreads associated with issuing funding agreements, adjusted for any illiquidity risk premium. In order to reflect the financial strength ratings of the Company, credit spreads associated with funding agreements, as opposed to credit spread associated with debt, are utilized in developing this estimate because funding agreements are insurance liabilities and are therefore senior to debt. 
 (7) The utilization rate assumption estimates the percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit during the contract duration and begin lifetime withdrawals at various time intervals from contract inception. The remaining contractholders are assumed to either begin lifetime withdrawals immediately or never utilize the benefit. Utilization assumptions may vary by product type, tax status and age. The impact of changes in these assumptions is highly dependent on the product type, the age of the contractholder at the time of the sale, and the timing of the first lifetime income withdrawal. Range reflects the utilization rate for the vast majority of business with living benefits. 
 (8) The withdrawal rate assumption estimates the magnitude of annual contractholder withdrawals relative to the maximum allowable amount under the contract. These assumptions vary based on the age of the contractholder, the tax status of the contract and the duration since the contractholder began lifetime withdrawals. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the minimum withdrawal rate assumption is and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the maximum withdrawal rate assumption may be greater than . The fair value of the liability will generally increase the closer the withdrawal rate is to and decrease as the withdrawal rate moves further away from . 
 31 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to years old. While the majority of living benefits have a minimum age requirement, certain other contracts do not have an age restriction. This results in contractholders with mortality rates approaching for certain benefits. Mortality rates may vary by product, age, and duration. A mortality improvement assumption is also incorporated into the overall mortality table. 
 (10) Policyholders account balances primarily represent general account liabilities for the index-linked interest credited on certain of the Company s life and annuity products that are accounted for as embedded derivatives. Since the valuation methodology for these liabilities uses a range of inputs that vary at the contract level over the cash flow projection period, presenting a range, rather than a weighted average, is a more meaningful representation of the unobservable inputs used in the valuation. 
 (11) Option budget estimates the expected long-term cost of options used to hedge exposures associated with equity price and interest rate changes. The level of option budget determines future costs of the options, which impacts the growth in account value and the valuation of embedded derivatives. 
 
 Interrelationships Between Unobservable Inputs In addition to the sensitivities of fair value measurements to changes in each unobservable input in isolation, as reflected in the table above, interrelationships between these inputs may also exist, such that a change in one unobservable input may give rise to a change in another or multiple inputs. Examples of such interrelationships for significant internally-priced Level 3 assets and liabilities are as follows: 
 Corporate Securities The rate used to discount future cash flows reflects current risk-free rates plus credit and liquidity spread requirements that market participants would use to value an asset. The discount rate may be influenced by many factors, including market cycles, expectations of default, collateral, term, and asset complexity. Each of these factors can influence discount rates, either in isolation, or in response to other factors. During weaker economic cycles, as the expectations of default increase, credit spreads widen, which results in a decrease in fair value. 
 Commercial Mortgage-backed Securities Interrelationships may exist between the prepayment rate, the default rate and/ or loss severity, depending on specific market conditions. In stronger economic cycles, prepayment rates are generally driven by underlying property appreciation and subsequent cash-out refinances, while default rates and loss severity may be lower. During weaker economic cycles, prepayment rates may decline, while default rates and loss severity increase. Generally, a change in the assumption used for the probability of default would be accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates. The impact of these factors on average life and economics varies with the deal structure and tranche subordination. 
 Market Risk Benefits The Company expects efficient benefit utilization and withdrawal rates to generally be correlated with lapse rates. However, behavior is generally highly dependent on the facts and circumstances surrounding the individual contractholder, such as their liquidity needs or tax situation, which could drive lapse behavior independent of other contractholder behavior assumptions. To the extent more efficient contractholder behavior results in greater in-the-moneyness at the contract level, lapse rates may decline for those contracts. Similarly, to the extent that increases in equity volatility are correlated with overall declines in the capital markets, lapse rates may decline as contracts become more in-the-money. 

32 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

) Structured securities(4) ) Other assets: Equity securities Reinsurance recoverables(5) ) Receivables from parent and affiliates Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances(5) ) ) ) ) 
 33 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Other assets: Equity securities Reinsurance recoverables ) Receivables from parent and affiliates Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024(6) Fair Value, beginning of period Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Other(1) Transfers into Level 3(7) Transfers out of Level 3(7) Fair Value, end of period Unrealized gains (losses) for assets still held(2) (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: Corporate securities(3) ) ) ) Structured securities(4) ) Other assets: Equity securities ) ) Reinsurance recoverables(5) ) ) Receivables from parent and affiliates ) Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances(5) ) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) Unrealized gains (losses) for assets still held(2) Realized investment gains (losses), net Other income (loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Net investment income Realized investment gains (losses), net Other income (loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) Other assets: Equity securities ) ) Reinsurance recoverables ) ) Receivables from parent and affiliates Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances ) 
 34 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) ) ) Structured securities(4) ) ) ) Other assets: Equity securities ) ) Reinsurance recoverables(5) Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances(5) ) ) ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) Unrealized gains (losses) for assets still held(2) Realized investment gains (losses), net Other income (loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Net investment income Realized investment gains (losses), net Other income (loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) ) Other assets: Equity securities ) ) Reinsurance recoverables Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023(6) Fair Value, beginning of period Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Other Transfers into Level 3(7) Transfers out of Level 3(7) Fair Value, end of period Unrealized gains (losses) for assets still held(2) (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: Corporate securities(3) ) ) ) ) Structured securities(4) ) ) ) Other assets: Equity securities Reinsurance recoverables(5) Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances(5) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 35 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) ) ) ) Other assets: Equity securities Reinsurance recoverables Liabilities: Policyholders' account balances ) ) 
 (1) "Other" includes additional activity not allocated to the specific categories within the rollforward of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities. 
 (2) Unrealized gains or losses related to assets still held at the end of the period do not include amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts. 
 (3) Includes U.S. corporate private securities and foreign corporate private securities. 
 (4) Includes asset-backed and commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 (5) Purchases/issuances and settlements for Policyholders' account balances and Reinsurance recoverables are presented net in the rollforward. 
 (6) Excludes MRB assets of million and million and MRB liabilities of million and million for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 10 for additional information. 
 (7) Transfers into or out of Level 3 are generally reported at the value as of the beginning of the quarter in which the transfers occur for any such positions still held at the end of the quarter. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Policy loans Short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Policyholders account balances - investment contracts Cash collateral for loaned securities Payables to parent and affiliates Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 36 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Policy loans Short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Policyholders account balances - investment contracts Payables to parent and affiliates Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 (1) Carrying values presented herein differ from those in the Company s Unaudited Interim Statements of Financial Position because certain items within the respective financial statement captions are not considered financial instruments or are out of scope under authoritative guidance relating to disclosures of the fair value of financial instruments. 
 
 6. 
 
 Capitalization Amortization expense ) ) ) Other(1) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Other includes the impact of the Universal Life reinsurance transaction with Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company PAR U and PURE. See Note 11 for additional information. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Term Life Variable / Universal Life Total (in thousands) Balance, beginning of period Capitalization Amortization expense ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 37 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Amortization expense ) ) Other ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Amortization expense ) Other(1) Balance, end of period 
 (1) Other includes the impact of the Universal Life reinsurance transaction with PAR U, PURE and Prudential Insurance. See Note 11 for additional information. 
 
 7. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Fixed Income Other Other invested assets Total 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023, there were no transfers of assets, other than cash, from the general account to a separate account; therefore, no gains or losses were recorded. 
 
 Separate Account Liabilities 
 
 Deposits Investment performance Policy charges ) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) Net transfers (to) from general account ) ) ) Other Balance, end of period Cash surrender value(2) 
 39 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

Deposits Investment performance Policy charges ) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) Net transfers (to) from general account(1) ) ) ) Other Balance, end of period Cash surrender value(2) 
 (1) Variable life includes million of funding for a policy loan to an affiliated irrevocable trust. See Note 14 for additional information. 
 (2) Represents the amount of the contractholder's account balances distributable at the balance sheet date less certain surrender charges. 
 
 8. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, beginning of period Balance at original discount rate, beginning of period Effect of assumption update Effect of actual variances from expected experience and other activity ) ) ) Adjusted balance, beginning of period ) Issuances Net premiums / considerations collected ) ) ) Interest accrual Balance at original discount rate, end of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, end of period ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Present Value of Expected Future Policy Benefits Term Life Fixed Annuities Total (in thousands) Balance, beginning of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, beginning of period Balance at original discount rate, beginning of period Effect of assumption update ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience and other activity ) ) Adjusted balance, beginning of period Issuances Interest accrual Benefit payments ) ) ) Other adjustments ) ) Balance at original discount rate, end of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, end of period ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 41 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Flooring impact, end of period Balance, end of period, post-flooring Less: Reinsurance recoverables Balance after reinsurance recoverables, end of period, post-flooring 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Present Value of Expected Net Premiums Term Life Fixed Annuities Total (in thousands) Balance, beginning of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, beginning of period Balance at original discount rate, beginning of period Effect of assumption update ) ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience and other activity ) ) ) Adjusted balance, beginning of period ) Issuances Net premiums / considerations collected ) ) ) Interest accrual Other adjustments Balance at original discount rate, end of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, end of period ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Present Value of Expected Future Policy Benefits Term Life Fixed Annuities Total (in thousands) Balance, beginning of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, beginning of period Balance at original discount rate, beginning of period Effect of assumption update ) ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience and other activity ) ) Adjusted balance, beginning of period Issuances Interest accrual Benefit payments ) ) ) Other adjustments ) ) ) Balance at original discount rate, end of period Effect of cumulative changes in discount rate assumptions, end of period ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 42 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Flooring impact, end of period Balance, end of period, post-flooring Less: Reinsurance recoverables Balance after reinsurance recoverables, end of period, post-flooring 
 The following tables provide supplemental information related to the balances of and changes in Benefit Reserves included in the disaggregated tables above, on a gross (direct and assumed) basis, as of and for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Term Life Fixed Annuities in thousands) Undiscounted expected future gross premiums Discounted expected future gross premiums (at original discount rate) Discounted expected future gross premiums (at current discount rate) Undiscounted expected future benefits and expenses Weighted-average duration of the liability in years (at original discount rate) Weighted-average duration of the liability in years (at current discount rate) Weighted-average interest rate (at original discount rate) Weighted-average interest rate (at current discount rate) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Term Life Fixed Annuities in thousands) Undiscounted expected future gross premiums Discounted expected future gross premiums (at original discount rate) Discounted expected future gross premiums (at current discount rate) Undiscounted expected future benefits and expenses Weighted-average duration of the liability in years (at original discount rate) Weighted-average duration of the liability in years (at current discount rate) Weighted-average interest rate (at original discount rate) Weighted-average interest rate (at current discount rate) 
 For additional information regarding observable market information and the techniques used to determine the interest rate assumptions seen above, see Note 2 to the Company's Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 43 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million gain in net income for non-participating traditional and limited-payment products, where net premiums exceeded gross premiums for certain issue-year cohorts, which was offset by a million charge, reflecting the impact of ceded reinsurance on the affected cohorts. 
 
 Effect of assumption update Effect of actual variances from expected experience and other activity ) ) Adjusted balance, beginning of period Profits deferred Interest accrual Amortization ) ) Other adjustments ) Balance, end of period, post-flooring Less: Reinsurance recoverables Balance after reinsurance recoverables, end of period 
 44 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Flooring impact and amounts in AOCI Balance, excluding amounts in AOCI, beginning of period, pre-flooring Effect of assumption update Effect of actual variances from expected experience and other activity ) ) Adjusted balance, beginning of period Assessments collected(1) Interest accrual Benefits paid ) ) Balance, excluding amounts in AOCI, end of period, pre-flooring Flooring impact and amounts in AOCI ) ) Balance, including amounts in AOCI, end of period, post-flooring Less: Reinsurance recoverables Balance after reinsurance recoverables, including amounts in AOCI, end of period 
 (1) Represents the portion of gross assessments required to fund the future policy benefits. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Weighted-average duration of the liability in years (at original discount rate) Weighted-average interest rate (at original discount rate) 
 
 Deferred profit liability, end of period, post-flooring Additional insurance reserves, including amounts in AOCI, end of period, post-flooring Subtotal of amounts disclosed above Other Future policy benefits reserves(1) Total Future policy benefits 
 (1) Primarily represents balances for which disaggregated rollforward disclosures are not required, including unpaid claims and claims expenses, and incurred but not reported and in course of settlement claim liabilities. 
 45 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Deferred profit liability ) ) Additional insurance reserves Total 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues(1) Term Life Variable and Universal Life Fixed Annuities Total (in thousands) Benefit reserves Deferred profit liability Additional insurance reserves Total 
 (1) Represents "Gross premiums" for benefit reserves; "Revenue" for DPL and "Gross assessments" for AIR. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Interest Expense Term Life Variable and Universal Life Fixed Annuities Total (in thousands) Benefit reserves Deferred profit liability Additional insurance reserves Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest Expense Term Life Variable and Universal Life Fixed Annuities Total (in thousands) Benefit reserves Deferred profit liability Additional insurance reserves Total 
 46 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 9. 
 
 Deposits Interest credited Policy charges ) ) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Net transfers (to) from separate account Change in market value and other adjustments(1) Balance, end of period Unearned revenue reserve Other Total Policyholders' account balance Weighted-average crediting rate Net amount at risk(2) Cash surrender value(3) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Fixed Annuities Variable Annuities Variable Life / Universal Life Total in thousands) Balance, beginning of period Deposits Interest credited Policy charges ) ) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Net transfers (to) from separate account(4) Change in market value and other adjustments(1) Balance, end of period Unearned revenue reserve Other Total Policyholders' account balance Weighted-average crediting rate Net amount at risk (2) Cash surrender value(3) 
 (1) Primarily relates to changes in the value of embedded derivative instruments associated with the indexed options of certain products. 
 (2) The net amount at risk calculation includes both general and separate account balances. 
 (3) Represents the amount of the contractholder's account balances distributable at the balance sheet date less certain surrender charges. 
 (4) Variable life includes million of funding for a policy loan to affiliated irrevocable trust. See Note 14 for additional information. 
 47 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

- bps above guaranteed minimum 
 - bps above guaranteed minimum 
 Greater than bps above guaranteed minimum 
 Total (in thousands) Fixed Annuities Less than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Variable Annuities Less than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Variable Life / Universal Life Less than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total 
 
 48 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 - bps above guaranteed minimum 
 - bps above guaranteed minimum 
 Greater than bps above guaranteed minimum 
 Total (in thousands) Fixed Annuities Less than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Variable Annuities Less than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total Variable Life / Universal Life Less than 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Greater than 
 Total 
 (1) Excludes contracts without minimum guaranteed crediting rates, such as funds with indexed-linked crediting options. 
 
 Unearned Revenue Reserve ("URR") 
 
 Unearned revenue Amortization expense ) ) Balance, end of period Less: Reinsurance recoverables Balance after reinsurance recoverables, end of period 
 49 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10. 
 ) Effect of cumulative changes in non-performance risk Balance, beginning of period, before effect of changes in non-performance risk ) Attributed fees collected ) Claims paid ) Interest accrual ) Actual in force different from expected ) Effect of changes in interest rates ) Effect of changes in equity markets ) Effect of assumption update ) Issuances ) Other adjustments ) Effect of changes in current period counterparty non-performance risk ) ) Balance, end of period, before effect of changes in non-performance risk ) Effect of cumulative changes in non-performance risk ) ) Balance, end of period ) 
 
 50 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Effect of cumulative changes in non-performance risk Balance, beginning of period, before effect of changes in non-performance risk ) Attributed fees collected ) Claims paid ) Interest accrual ) Actual in force different from expected ) Effect of changes in interest rates ) Effect of changes in equity markets ) Effect of assumption update ) Issuances ) Effect of changes in current period counterparty non-performance risk ) ) Balance, end of period, before effect of changes in non-performance risk ) Effect of cumulative changes in non-performance risk ) ) Balance, end of period ) 
 In both 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized an unfavorable impact to net income attributable to the actuarial assumption update for direct and assumed MRBs, primarily due to updates to policyholder behavior assumptions on certain variable annuities. 
 
 The Company issues certain variable annuity insurance contracts where the Company contractually guarantees to the contractholder a return of no less than (1) total deposits made to the contract adjusted for any partial withdrawals plus a minimum return, and/or (2) the highest anniversary contract value on a specified date adjusted for any withdrawals. These guarantees include benefits that are payable in the event of death, annuitization or at specified dates during the accumulation period and withdrawal and income benefits payable during specified periods. 
 
 The Company also issues indexed variable annuity contracts for which the return is tied to the return of specific indices where the Company contractually guarantees to the contractholder a return of no less than total deposits made to the contract adjusted for any partial withdrawals upon death. 
 
 For guarantees of benefits that are payable in the event of death, the net amount at risk is generally defined as the current guaranteed minimum death benefit in excess of the current account balance at the balance sheet date. The Company s primary risk exposures for these contracts relates to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including fixed income and equity market returns, contract lapses and contractholder mortality. 
 
 For guarantees of benefits that are payable at annuitization, the net amount at risk is generally defined as the present value of the minimum guaranteed annuity payments available to the contractholder determined in accordance with the terms of the contract in excess of the current account balance. The Company s primary risk exposures for these contracts relates to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including fixed income and equity market returns, timing of annuitization, contract lapses and contractholder mortality. 
 
 For guarantees of benefits that are payable at withdrawal, the net amount at risk is generally defined as the present value of the minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments available to the contractholder determined in accordance with the terms of the contract in excess of the current account balance. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Weighted-average attained age of contractholders 
 (1) For contracts with multiple benefit features, the highest net amount at risk for each contract is included. 
 
 The table below reconciles MRB asset and liability positions as of the following dates: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variable Annuities (in thousands) Direct and assumed Ceded Total market risk benefit assets Direct and assumed Ceded Total market risk benefit liabilities Net balance 
 
 11. 
 
 million pre-tax recapture loss and a million DRG that will be amortized into income over the estimated remaining life of the reinsured policies. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Policy loans ) ) Deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Deferred sales inducements ) ) Market risk benefit assets Other assets Market risk benefit liabilities Other liabilities 
 PAR U PARCC PAR Term Term Re DART Pruco Life PURE Unaffiliated Total reinsurance recoverables 
 
 53 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Ceded ) ) ) ) Net premiums Policy charges and fee income: Direct Assumed Ceded(1) ) ) ) Net policy charges and fee income Net investment income: Direct Ceded ) ) ) ) Net investment income Asset administration fees: Direct Ceded ) ) ) ) Net asset administration fees Other income (loss): Direct Ceded Net other income Realized investment gains (losses), net: Direct ) ) ) Ceded ) ) Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gain (loss): Direct ) Ceded ) ) ) Net change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gain (loss) ) Policyholders benefits (including change in reserves): Direct Assumed Ceded(2) ) ) ) Net policyholders benefits (including change in reserves) ) Change in estimates of liability for future policy benefits: Direct ) ) Ceded ) ) Net change in estimates of liability for future policy benefits ) ) ) ) 
 54 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Ceded ) ) ) ) Net interest credited to policyholders account balances Reinsurance expense allowances and general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization and amortization ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes ) million and ) million of unaffiliated activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) million and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million of unaffiliated activity for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and ) million and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Reinsurance ceded ) ) Net life insurance face amount in force 
 Significant Affiliated Reinsurance Agreements 
 Prudential Insurance 
 The Company has a YRT reinsurance agreement with Prudential Insurance and reinsures the majority of all mortality risks not otherwise reinsured. Effective July 1, 2017, this agreement was terminated for certain new business, primarily universal life business, and such business was reinsured to Pruco Life under a YRT reinsurance agreement. As of January 1, 2020, the remaining portions of new business (specifically term policies) ceased being reinsured by the Company to Prudential Insurance, and a separate YRT reinsurance agreement was established with Pruco Life for term policies. Effective January 1, 2024, the Company recaptured all GUL policies with Prudential Insurance and subsequently entered into a YRT reinsurance agreement with Prudential Insurance to reinsure the mortality risk for the totality of GUL policies reinsured to PURE. 
 
 Effective April 1, 2016, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with Prudential Insurance to reinsure its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees. As of December 31, 2020, the Company discontinued the sales of traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefit riders. This discontinuation has no impact on the reinsurance agreement between Prudential Insurance and the Company. Effective February 1, 2023, the Company began selling indexed variable annuities products, which is reinsured to Prudential Insurance through the existing reinsurance agreement. The reinsurance of the indexed variable annuities transfers all significant risks, including mortality risk, embedded in the reinsured contracts to Prudential Insurance. As a result of the agreement, reinsurance payables includes the ceded modified coinsurance arrangement, which reflects the value of the invested assets retained by the Company and the associated asset returns. 
 
 PAR U 
 
 Effective July 1, 2012, the Company reinsures of all risks associated with Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees as well as certain other universal life policies, with effective dates through December 31, 2019, excluding those policies that are subject to principle-based reserving. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2024, the Company recaptured the policies previously reinsured by PAR U with effective dates prior to January 1, 2015. Effective January 1, 2024, the Company reinsures of the risks associated with universal life policies with effective dates from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2019, excluding those policies that are subject to principle-based reserving. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 of the risks associated with Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees as well as certain other universal life policies with effective dates prior to January 1, 2015. 
 
 PARCC 
 
 The Company reinsures of the risks under its term life insurance policies, with effective dates prior to January 1, 2010 through an automatic coinsurance agreement with PARCC. 
 
 PAR Term 
 
 The Company reinsures of the risks under its term life insurance policies, with effective dates January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2013, through an automatic coinsurance agreement with PAR Term. 
 
 Term Re 
 
 The Company reinsures of the risks under its term life insurance policies, with effective dates on or after January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2017, through an automatic coinsurance agreement with Term Re. 
 
 Pruco Life 
 
 Effective July 1, 2017, the Company entered into a YRT reinsurance agreement with Pruco Life for new business, primarily covering universal life policies. Effective January 1, 2020, the Company entered in a similar YRT reinsurance agreement with Pruco Life for new business relating to term policies. Under these agreements the majority of all mortality risk is ceded to Pruco Life. The Company also reinsures certain Corporate Owned Life Insurance COLI policies with Pruco Life. Through March 31, 2016, the Company reinsured Prudential Defined Income ("PDI") living benefit guarantees with Pruco Life. Effective April 1, 2016, the Company recaptured PDI living benefit guarantees from Pruco Life and reinsured them, together with the related variable annuity base contracts, with Prudential Insurance. 
 
 DART 
 
 of the risks associated with its term life insurance policies, with effective dates on or after January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2019, excluding those policies that are subject to principle-based reserving. 
 
 12.) million, or of income (loss) from operations before income taxes in the first nine months of 2024, compared to an income tax expense of million, or , in the first nine months of 2023. The Company s current and prior effective tax rates differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate of primarily due to non-taxable investment income and tax credits. 

56 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) based on the Company s GAAP income, with certain adjustments. This provision, which is applicable only to companies with average applicable financial statement income in excess of 1 billion for any three-year period ending in 2022 or later, is effective in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The impact of the book-income alternative minimum tax, if any, will vary from year to year based on the relationship of the Company s GAAP income to the Company s taxable income. Any tax paid pursuant to this provision is available as a tax credit in future years when the Company s tax rate exceeds the 15 minimum tax threshold. The Company is subject to CAMT for 2024 which may or may not result in a CAMT cash tax liability and will have no impact to the full year effective tax rate. 
 
 13. ) ) Change in OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Net Unrealized Investment Gains (Losses)(1) Interest Rate Remeasurement of Future Policy Benefits Gain (Loss) from Changes in Non-Performance Risk on Market Risk Benefits Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Change in OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes cash flow hedges of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and million and million as of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively . 
 57 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) ) Total net unrealized investment gains (losses)(4) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period ) ) 
 (1) All amounts are shown before tax. 
 (2) Positive amounts indicate gains/benefits reclassified out of AOCI. Negative amounts indicate losses/costs reclassified out of AOCI. 
 (3) See Note 4 for additional information on cash flow hedges. 
 (4) See table below for additional information on unrealized investment gains (losses), including the impact on future policy benefits, policyholders account balances and other liabilities. 
 Net Unrealized Investment Gains (Losses) 
 Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities and certain other invested assets and other assets are included in the Company s Unaudited Interim Statements of Financial Position as a component of AOCI. Changes in these amounts include reclassification adjustments to exclude from OCI those items that are included as part of Net income (loss) for a period that had been part of OCI in earlier periods. The amounts for the periods indicated below, split between amounts related to net unrealized investment gains (losses) on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities on which an allowance for credit losses has been recognized, and all other net unrealized investment gains (losses), are as follows: 
 
 ) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) on investments arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income ) Impact of net unrealized investment (gains) losses 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes cash flow hedges. See Note 4 for information on cash flow hedges. 
 (2) "Other costs" primarily includes reinsurance recoverables. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 14. 
 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The expense charged to the Company for the deferred compensation program was million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company is charged for its share of employee benefit expenses. These expenses include costs for funded and non-funded, non-contributory defined benefit pension plans. Some of these benefits are based on final earnings and length of service while others ar e based on an account balance, which takes into consideration age, service and earnings during a career. The Company s share of net expense for the pension plans was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 The Company is also charged for its share of the costs associated with welfare plans issued by Prudential Insurance. These expenses include costs rela ted to medical, dental, life insurance and disability. The Company's share of net expense for the welfare plans was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Prudential Insurance sponsors voluntary savings plans for its employee 401(k) plans. The plans provide for salary reduction contributions by employees and matching contributions by the Company of up to of annual salary. The Company s expense for its share of the voluntary savings plan was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company is charged distribution expenses from Prudential's proprietary nationwide sales organization, "Prudential Advisors" through a transfer pricing agreement, which is intended to reflect a market-based pricing arrangement. Prudential Advisors distributes Prudential life insurance, annuities, and investment products with proprietary and non-proprietary product options. 
 
 The Company pays commissions and certain other fees to Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc. PAD in consideration for PAD s marketing and underwriting of the Company s annuity products. Commissions and fees are paid by PAD to broker-dealers who sell the Company s annuity products. Commissions and fees paid by the Company to PAD were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 The Company is charged for its share of corporate expenses incurred by Prudential Financial to benefit its businesses, such as advertising, executive oversight, external affairs and philanthropic activity. The Company s share of corporat e expenses was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 59 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 COLI policies to Prudential Insurance and to Prudential Financial. The cash surrender value included in separate accounts for these COLI policies was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Fees related to these COLI policies were million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . The Company retains of the mortality risk associated with these COLI policies up to million per individual policy. 
 
 In May 2023, the Company funded a policy loan from the Prudential Financial COLI policy noted above in an amount of million to an affiliated irrevocable trust, commonly referred to as a rabbi trust , which Prudential Financial created to support certain non-qualified retirement plans. The outstanding balance of the policy loan with the rabbi trust was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Interest income related to the policy loan was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Affiliated Investment Management Expenses 
 
 In accordance with an agreement with PGIM, Inc. PGIM ), the Company pays investment management expenses to PGIM who acts as investment manager to certain Company general account and separate account assets. Investment management expense s paid to PGIM related to this agreement were million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These expenses are recorded as Net investment income in the Company's Unaudited Interim Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Derivative Trades 
 
 In its ordinary course of business, the Company enters into OTC derivative contracts with an affiliate, PGF. For these OTC derivative contracts, PGF has a substantially equal and offsetting position with an external counterparty. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 
 Joint Ventures 
 
 The Company has made investments in joint ventures with certain subsidiaries of Prudential Financial. "Other invested assets" includes million and million of investments in joint ventures as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. "Net investment income" related to these ventures includes gains(losses) of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These revenues are recorded as Asset administration fees in the Company's Unaudited Interim Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 The Company has a revenue sharing agreement with PGIM Investments, whereby the Company receives fee income based on policyholders' separate account balances invested in The Prudential Series Fund. Income received from PGIM Investments related to this agreement was million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These revenues are re corded as Asset administration fees in the Company s Unaudited Interim Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 60 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 - Total notes receivable - affiliated(1) 

The affiliated notes receivable shown above are classified as available-for-sale securities and other trading assets carried at fair value. The Company monitors the internal and external credit ratings of these loans and loan performance. The Company also considers any guarantees made by Prudential Insurance for loans due from affiliates. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable related to these loans was million and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in "Accrued investment income". Revenues related to these loans were million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and are included in Other income (loss) . 

PURC December 2023 Sale Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans PAR U January 2024 Transfer in Fixed Maturities PURE January 2024 Transfer out Fixed Maturities PAR U June 2024 Purchase Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans 
 
 Debt Agreements 
 
 The Company is authorized to borrow funds up to million from affiliates to meet its capital and other funding needs. There was debt outstanding as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The total interest expense to the Company related to loans payable to affiliates was million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million and million from Pruco Life, respectively. 
 
 Through September 2024 and December 2023, the Company did pay any dividends to Pruco Life. 
 
 Reinsurance with Affiliates 
 
 As discussed in Note 11, the Company participates in reinsurance transactions with certain affiliates. 

15. 
 million and million, respectively. These amounts include unfunded commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable. For related credit exposure, there was an allowance for credit losses of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There was a change in allowance of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company also made commitments to purchase or fund investments, mostly fund investments and private fixed maturities, some of which are contingent upon events or circumstances not under the Company s control, i ncluding those at the discretion of the Company s counterparties. The Company anticipates a portion of these commitments will ultimately be funded from its separate accounts. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of these commitments were outstanding. These amounts include unfunded commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable. There were related charges for credit losses for either the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 On an ongoing basis, the Company and its regulators review its operations including, but not limited to, sales and other customer interface procedures and practices, and procedures for meeting obligations to its customers and other parties. These reviews may result in the modification or enhancement of processes or the imposition of other action plans, including concerning management oversight, sales and other customer interface procedures and practices, and the timing or computation of payments to customers and other parties. In certain cases, if appropriate, the Company may offer customers or other parties remediation and may incur charges, including the cost of such remediation, administrative costs and regulatory fines. 
 
 The Company is subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning the identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and is subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements. 
 
 It is possible that the results of operations or the cash flows of the Company in a particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected as a result of payments in connection with the matters discussed above or other matters depending, in part, upon the results of operations or cash flows for such period. Management believes, however, that ultimate payments in connection with these matters, after consideration of applicable reserves and rights to indemnification, should not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million. This estimate is not an indication of expected loss, if any, or the Company's maximum possible loss exposure on such matters. The Company reviews relevant information with respect to its litigation and regulatory matters on a quarterly and annual basis and updates its accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible loss based on such reviews. 
 
 The following discussion of litigation and regulatory matters provides an update of those matters discussed in Note 16 to the Company's Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and should be read in conjunction with the complete descriptions provided in the Form 10-K. 
 
 Regulatory 
 
 Variable Products 
 
 The Company has received regulatory inquiries and requests for information from state and federal regulators, including subpoenas from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC , concerning the appropriateness of variable product sales and replacement activity. The Company is cooperating with regulators and may become subject to additional regulatory inquiries and other actions related to this matter. 
 
 In September 2024, the SEC notified the Company that the SEC has concluded its investigation and is not recommending an enforcement action. 
 
 Summary 
 
 The Company s litigation and regulatory matters are subject to many uncertainties, and given their complexity and scope, their outcome cannot be predicted. It is possible that the Company s results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of pending litigation and regulatory matters depending, in part, upon the results of operations or cash flows for such period. In light of the unpredictability of the Company s litigation and regulatory matters, it is also possible that in certain cases an ultimate unfavorable resolution of one or more pending litigation or regulatory matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. Management believes, however, that, based on information currently known to it, the ultimate outcome of all pending litigation and regulatory matters, after consideration of applicable reserves and rights to indemnification, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 16. 
 ) Income tax assets ) TOTAL ASSETS ) LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES Future policy benefits ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) EQUITY Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY ) 
 64 

Table of Contents PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) TOTAL REVENUES BENEFITS AND EXPENSES Policyholders benefits ) General, administrative and other expenses ) TOTAL BENEFITS AND EXPENSES ) INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) ) 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Equity 
 Retained Earnings Total Equity As Previously Reported Revision As Revised As Previously Reported Revision As Revised (in thousands) Balance, December 31, 2023 Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 
 
 Unaudited Interim Statements of Cash Flows 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 As Previously Reported Revision As Revised (in thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) ) Policy charges and fee income ) ) ) Realized investment (gains) losses, net ) Change in: Future policy benefits and other insurance liabilities ) Reinsurance recoverables ) Income taxes ) ) Other, net ) Cash flows from (used in) operating activities ) ) 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A addresses the financial condition of Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, or the Company, as of September 30, 2024, compared with December 31, 2023, and its results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. You should read the following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the MD A, the "Risk Factors" section, and the audited Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as the statements under Forward-Looking Statements and the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview 
 
 The Company is licensed to sell variable annuities, indexed variable annuities, fixed annuities, universal life insurance, variable life insurance and term life insurance in New Jersey and New York. The Company only sells such products in New York primarily through affiliated and unaffiliated distributors. 
 Effective January 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Somerset Reinsurance Ltd. Somerset Re to coinsure a closed block of guaranteed universal life ("GUL") policies to Prudential Universal Reinsurance Entity Company ("PURE"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Prudential Insurance Company of America ("Prudential Insurance"), with retrocession by PURE of such liabilities on a modified coinsurance basis, to Somerset Re. This transaction is effective as of January 1, 2024, whereby, the Company recaptured all risks associated with the subject GUL policies from Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company ("PAR U") and subsequently established yearly renewable term ("YRT") reinsurance for the subject GUL business with Prudential Insurance. See Note 11 to the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for additional information. 
 In August 2024, Pruco Life entered into an agreement with Wilton Re to coinsure certain guaranteed universal life policies issued by PLNJ. As part of the transaction, the Company will coinsure the guaranteed universal life policies to Pruco Life, with retrocession by Pruco Life of such liabilities on a coinsurance basis to Wilton Re. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. 
 Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment 
 As a financial services company, market interest rates are a key driver of our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations and financial position. Changes in interest rates can affect these in several ways, including favorable or adverse impacts to: 
 investment-related activity, including: investment income returns, net investment spread results, 
 new money rates, mortgage loan prepayments and bond redemptions; 
 the valuation of fixed income investments and derivative instruments; 
 collateral posting requirements, hedging costs and other risk mitigation activities; 
 customer account values and assets under management, including their impacts on fee-related income; 
 insurance reserve levels, including market risk benefits ("MRBs"), and market experience true-ups; 
 policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity; and 
 product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix. 
 
 For additional information regarding interest rate risks, see Risk Factors Market Risk included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Revenues and Expenses 
 
 The Company earns revenues principally from insurance premiums, mortality and expense fees, asset administration fees from insurance and investment products, and from net investment income on the investment of general account and other funds. The Company receives premiums primarily from the sale of individual life insurance and annuity products. The Company earns mortality and expense fees, and asset administration fees, primarily from the sale and servicing of universal life insurance and separate account products including variable life insurance and variable annuities. The Company s operating expenses principally consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, reinsurance premiums, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing the various products sold and interest credited on general account liabilities. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting Policies Pronouncements 
 Application of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. Management, on an ongoing basis, reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Company's financial statements. If management determines that modifications to assumptions and estimates are appropriate given current facts and circumstances, the Company s results of operations and financial position as reported in the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements could change significantly. 
 
 Management believes the accounting policies relating to the following areas are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments: 
 
 Insurance liabilities; 
 Valuation of investments including derivatives, measurement of allowance for credit losses, and recognition of other-than-temporary impairments OTTI 
 Reinsurance recoverables; 
 Taxes on income; and 
 Reserves for contingencies, including reserves for losses in connection with unresolved legal matters 
 
 Market Performance - Equity and Interest Rate Assumptions 
 
 The liability for future policy benefits for certain of our universal life type products includes quarterly adjustments for the impact of changes to our estimate of future rates of returns on investments to reflect actual fund performance and market conditions. A portion of the returns on investments for our variable life contracts are dependent upon the total rate of return on assets held in separate account investment options. This rate of return influences the fees we earn and expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts, as well as other sources of profit. Returns that are higher than our expectations for a given period produce higher than expected account balances, which increase the future fees we expect to earn on variable life contracts and decrease expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts. The opposite occurs when returns are lower than our expectations. 
 
 The weighted average rate of return assumptions used in developing estimated market returns consider many factors specific to each product type, including asset durations, asset allocations and other factors. With regard to equity market assumptions, the near-term future rate of return assumption used in evaluating liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, primarily our domestic variable life insurance products, is generally updated each quarter and is derived using a reversion to the mean approach, a common industry practice. Under this approach, we consider historical equity returns and adjust projected equity returns over an initial future period of five years (the near-term so that equity returns converge to the long-term expected rate of return. If the near-term projected future rate of return is greater than our near-term maximum future rate of return of 15.0 , we use our maximum future rate of return. If the near-term projected future rate of return is lower than our near-term minimum future rate of return of 0 , we use our minimum future rate of return. As of September 30, 2024, our variable life insurance businesses assume an 8.0 long-term equity expected rate of return and a 2.7 near-term mean reversion equity expected rate of return. 
 
 With regard to interest rate assumptions used in evaluating liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, we generally update the long-term and near-term future rates used to project fixed income returns annually and quarterly, respectively. As a result of our 2024 annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, we increased our long-term expectation of the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate by 25 basis points and now grade to a rate of 3.50 over ten years. As part of our quarterly market experience updates, we update our near-term projections of interest rates to reflect changes in current rates. 
 
 For further discussion of impacts that could result from changes in these key estimates and assumptions, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Accounting Policies and Pronouncements Application of Critical Accounting Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 to the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted and newly adopted accounting pronouncements. 

Changes in Financial Position 
 
 Total assets increased 2.6 billion from 22.9 billion at December 31, 2023 to 25.5 billion at September 30, 2024. Significant components were: 
 Reinsurance recoverables increased 1.0 billion primarily driven by the reinsurance of the Company's guaranteed universal life block to PURE and the reinsurance of indexed annuities to Prudential Insurance; 
 Separate account assets increased 0.8 billion primarily driven by favorable equity market performance, partially offset by net outflows; and 
 Total investments increased 0.5 billion driven by new sales of general account annuity products. 
 Total liabilities increased 2.6 billion from 21.5 billion at December 31, 2023 to 24.1 billion at September 30, 2024 
 Other liabilities increased 0.9 billion primarily driven by the additional reinsurance of the Company's guaranteed universal life mortality risk ceded to Prudential Insurance and deferred gains associated with the reinsurance of the Company's guaranteed universal life block to PURE and the reinsurance of indexed annuities to Prudential Insurance; 
 Separate account liabilities increased 0.8 billion corresponding to the increase in separate account assets, as mentioned above; and 
 Policyholders' account balances increased 0.6 billion primarily driven by incremental indexed product sales. 
 Total equity remained relatively flat. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Income (loss) from Operations before Income Taxes 
 
 Three Months Comparison 
 
 Income (loss) from operations before income taxes decreased 54 million from a gain of 78 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to a gain of 24 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily driven by: 
 A loss in Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gain (loss) from ceded NPR; and 
 Lower Realized investments gains (losses), net from losses on indexed universal life ("IUL") embedded derivatives due to the increase in the present value of future index segment credits from lower rates. 
 Partially offset by: 
 Lower Policyholders' benefits driven by favorable mortality. 
 Nine Months Comparison 
 Income (loss) from operations before income taxes decreased 198 million from income of 107 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to a loss of 91 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements was a net gain of 4 million. Excluding the comparative impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, income (loss) from operations decreased 202 million primarily driven by: 
 Higher Policyholders' benefits driven by the reinsurance recapture of the Company's guaranteed universal life insurance policies. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Partially offset by: 
 Higher Policy charges and fee income driven by the reinsurance recapture of the Company's guaranteed universal life insurance policies. 
 Revenues, Benefits and Expenses 
 
 Three Months Comparison 
 Revenues decreased 81 million from 136 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 55 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily driven by: 
 A loss in Change in value of market risk benefits, net of related hedging gain (loss) from ceded NPR; and 
 Lower Realized investments gains (losses), net from losses on indexed universal life ("IUL") embedded derivatives due to the increase in the present value of future index segment credits from lower rates. 
 Benefits and expenses decreased 27 million from 58 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 31 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily driven by: 
 Lower Policyholders' benefits driven by favorable mortality. 
 Nine Months Comparison 
 Revenues increased 287 million from income of 260 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to income of 547 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This includes a favorable comparative increase of 1 million from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding the comparative impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as mentioned above, revenues increased 286 million primarily driven by: 
 Higher Policy charges and fee income driven by the reinsurance recapture of the Company's guaranteed universal life insurance policies. 
 Benefits and expenses increased 485 million from 153 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 638 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This includes a favorable comparative decrease of 3 million from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding the comparative impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as mentioned above, benefits and expenses increased 488 million primarily driven by: 
 Higher Policyholders' benefits driven by the reinsurance recapture of the Company's guaranteed universal life insurance policies. 
 Partially offset by: 
 Lower Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs driven by the reinsurance recapture of the Company's guaranteed universal life insurance policies. 
 Risks and Risk Mitigants: 
 Indexed Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposure of these indexed variable annuity products relates to the investment risks we bear in order to credit to the customer s account balance the required crediting rate based on the performance of the elected indices at the end of each term. We manage this risk primarily through our investment strategies including derivatives and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to contractual minimums as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, our indexed variable annuity strategies have an interim value provision that provides protection from lapse in the case of rising interest rates. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposures of our variable annuity contracts relate to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including capital markets assumptions such as equity market returns, interest rates and market volatility, along with actuarial assumptions such as contractholder mortality, the timing and amount of annuitization and withdrawals, and contract lapses. For these risk exposures, achievement of our expected returns is subject to the risk that actual experience will differ from the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products. Prudential Financial manages our exposure to certain risks driven by fluctuations in capital markets primarily through a combination of i) Product Design Features, and ii) our Asset Liability Management Strategy ("ALM"), as discussed below. Sales of traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefit riders were discontinued as of December 31, 2020. 
 Product Design Features: 
 A portion of the variable annuity contracts that we offer include an asset transfer feature. This feature is implemented at the contract level, and transfers assets between certain variable investment sub-accounts selected by the annuity contractholder and, depending on the benefit feature, a fixed-rate account in the general account or a bond fund sub-account within the separate account. The objective of the asset transfer feature is to reduce our exposure to equity market risk and market volatility. The asset transfer feature associated with highest daily living benefit products uses a designated bond fund sub-account within the separate account. The transfers are based on a static mathematical formula used with the particular benefit which considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the impact of investment performance on the contractholder s total account value. Other product design features we utilize include, among others, asset allocation restrictions, minimum issuance age requirements and certain limitations on the amount of purchase payments, as well as a required minimum allocation to our general account for certain of our products. In addition, there is diversity in our fee arrangements, as certain fees are primarily based on the benefit guarantee amount, the contractholder account value and/or premiums, which helps preserve certain revenue streams when market fluctuations cause account values to decline. 
 Asset Liability Management Strategy (including fixed income instruments and derivatives): 
 We employ an ALM strategy that utilizes a combination of both traditional fixed income instruments and derivatives to meet expected liabilities associated with our annuity guarantees. The MRB liability that we hedge consists of expected living and death benefit claims under various market conditions, which are managed using fixed income instruments, derivatives, or a combination thereof. For our Prudential Defined Income variable annuity, we utilize fixed income instruments to meet expected liabilities. For the portion of our ALM strategy executed with derivatives, we enter into a range of exchange-traded and over-the-counter OTC equity, interest rate and credit derivatives, including, but not limited to: equity and treasury futures; total return, credit default and interest rate swaps; and options including equity options, swaptions, and floors and caps. The intent of this strategy is to more efficiently manage the capital and liquidity associated with these products while continuing to mitigate fluctuations in net income due to mo vements in capital markets. To achieve this, we periodically review and recalibrate the ALM strategy by optimizing the mix of derivatives and fixed income instruments to achieve expected outcomes. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 For information regarding income taxes, see Note 12 to the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the Company. Capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of our business, fund business growth, and provide a cushion to withstand adverse circumstances. Our ability to generate and maintain sufficient liquidity and capital depends on the profitability of our business, general economic conditions, our ability to borrow from affiliates and our access to the capital markets through affiliates as described herein. 
 Effective and prudent liquidity and capital management is a priority across the organization. Management monitors the liquidity of the Company on a daily basis and projects borrowing and capital needs over a multi-year time horizon. We use a Risk Appetite Framework ("RAF") to ensure that all risks taken by the Company align with our capacity and willingness to take those risks. The RAF provides a dynamic assessment of capital and liquidity stress impacts, including scenarios similar to, and more severe than, those occurring due to COVID-19, and is intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available to absorb those impacts. We believe that our capital and liquidity resources are sufficient to satisfy the capital and liquidity requirements of the Company. 
 Our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by domestic and international regulators. These regulations currently include requirements (many of which are the subject of ongoing rule-making) relating to capital and liquidity management. For information on these regulatory initiatives and their potential impact on us, see Business Regulation" and Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Capital 
 We manage the Company to regulatory capital levels consistent with our "AA" ratings targets. We utilize the risk-based capital RBC ratio as a primary measure of capital adequacy. RBC is calculated based on statutory financial statements and risk formulas consistent with the practices of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC"). RBC considers, among other things, risks related to the type and quality of the invested assets, insurance-related risks associated with an insurer s products and liabilities, interest rate risks and general business risks. RBC ratio calculations are intended to assist insurance regulators in measuring an insurer s solvency and ability to pay future claims. The reporting of RBC measures is not intended for the purpose of ranking any insurance company or for use in connection with any marketing, advertising or promotional activities, but is available to the public. The Company s capital levels substantially exceed the minimum level required by applicable insurance regulations. Our regulatory capital levels may be affected in the future by changes to the applicable regulations, proposals for which are currently under consideration by both domestic and international insurance regulators. 
 The regulatory capital level of the Company can be materially impacted by interest rate and equity market fluctuations, changes in the values of derivatives, the level of impairments recorded, and credit quality migration of the investment portfolio, among other items. In addition, the reinsurance of business or the recapture of business subject to reinsurance arrangements due to defaults by, or credit quality migration affecting, the reinsurers or for other reasons could negatively impact regulatory capital levels. The Company s regulatory capital level is also affected by statutory accounting rules, which are subject to change by each applicable insurance regulator. 
 Captive Reinsurance Companies: 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources-Capital-Affiliated Captive Reinsurance Companies included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for a discussion of our use of captive reinsurance companies. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Our liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash flows to meet all of our obligations. Liquidity is provided by a variety of sources, as described more fully below, including portfolios of liquid assets. Our investment portfolios are integral to the overall liquidity of the Company. We use a projection process for cash flows from operations to ensure sufficient liquidity to meet projected cash outflows, including claims. The impact of Prudential Funding, LLC s ("Prudential Funding"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Insurance, financing capacity on liquidity (as described below) is considered in the internal liquidity measures of the Company. 
 Liquidity is measured against internally-developed benchmarks that take into account the characteristics of both the asset portfolio and the liabilities that they support. We consider attributes of the various categories of liquid assets (for example, type of asset and credit quality) in calculating internal liquidity measures to evaluate our liquidity under various stress scenarios, including company-specific and market-wide events. We continue to believe that cash generated by ongoing operations and the liquidity profile of our assets provide sufficient liquidity under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 The principal sources of the Company s liquidity are premiums and certain annuity considerations, investment and fee income, investment maturities, sales of investments and internal borrowings. The principal uses of that liquidity include benefits, claims, and payments to policyholders and contractholders in connection with surrenders, withdrawals and net policy loan activity. Other uses of liquidity include commissions, general and administrative expenses, purchases of investments, the payment of dividends and returns of capital to the parent company, hedging and reinsurance activity and payments in connection with financing activities. 
 In managing liquidity, we consider the risk of policyholder and contractholder withdrawals of funds earlier than our assumptions when selecting assets to support these contractual obligations. We use surrender charges and other contract provisions to mitigate the extent, timing and profitability impact of withdrawals of funds by customers. 
 Liquid Assets 
 Liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, U.S. Treasury fixed maturities, and fixed maturities that are not designated as held-to-maturity and public equity securities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had liquid assets of 3,048 million and 2,582 million, respectively. The portion of liquid assets comprised of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments was 379 million and 192 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, 2,535 million, or 96 , of the fixed maturity investments in the Company's general account portfolios, were rated high or highest quality based on NAIC or equivalent rating. 
 Prudential Funding, LLC 
 Prudential Financial and Prudential Funding borrow funds in the capital markets primarily through the direct issuance of commercial paper. The borrowings serve as an additional source of financing to meet our working capital needs. Prudential Funding operates under a support agreement with Prudential Insurance whereby Prudential Insurance has agreed to maintain Prudential Funding s positive tangible net worth at all times. 
 
 Term and Universal Life Reserve Financing 
 The Company uses captive reinsurance subsidiaries to finance the portion of the statutory reserves required to be held under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX that is considered to be non-economic. The financing arrangements involve the reinsurance of term and universal life business to our affiliated captive reinsurers and the issuance of surplus notes by those affiliated captives that are treated as capital for statutory purposes. These surplus notes are subordinated to policyholder obligations, and the payment of principal and interest on the surplus notes can only be made with prior insurance regulatory approval. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the affiliated captive reinsurance companies have entered into agreements with external counterparties providing for the issuance of up to an aggregate of 11,250 million of surplus notes by our affiliated captive reinsurers in return for the receipt of credit-linked notes Credit-Linked Note Structures ), of which 8,780 million of surplus notes was outstanding, as compared to an aggregate issuance capacity of 15,700 million, of which 13,820 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Under the agreements, the affiliated captive receives in exchange for the surplus notes one or more credit-linked notes issued by a special-purpose affiliate of the Company with an aggregate principal amount equal to the surplus notes outstanding. The affiliated captive holds the credit-linked notes as assets supporting Regulation XXX or Guideline AXXX non-economic reserves, as applicable. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our affiliated captive reinsurance companies had outstanding an aggregate of 2,600 million of debt issued for the purpose of financing Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX non-economic reserves, of which approximately 700 million relates to Regulation XXX reserves and approximately 1,900 million relates to Guideline AXXX reserves. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, for purposes of financing Guideline AXXX reserves, one of our affiliated captives had approximately 3,982 million of surplus notes outstanding that were issued to affiliates. 
 
 The Company has introduced updated versions of its individual life products in conjunction with the requirement to adopt principle-based reserving by January 1, 2020. These updated products are currently priced to support the principle-based statutory reserve level without the need for reserve financing. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 In order to ensure that the information we must disclose in our filings with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis, the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act Rule 15d-15(e), as of September 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. No change in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 15d-15(f), occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 15 to the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements under Litigation and Regulatory Matters for a description of certain pending litigation and regulatory matters affecting us, and certain risks to our business presented by such matters, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks described under Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the Company. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under Forward-Looking Statements and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 31.1 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 906 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 906 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 101.INS - XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey By: /s/ Elizabeth Dietrich Name: Elizabeth Dietrich Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Authorized Signatory and Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: November 8, 2024 
 
 76 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 plnj-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Dylan J. Tyson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Dylan J. Tyson Dylan J. Tyson President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 plnj-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Elizabeth Dietrich, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Elizabeth Dietrich Elizabeth Dietrich Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 plnj-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, I, Dylan J. Tyson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (the Company ), hereby certify that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 8, 2024 
 
 s Dylan J. Tyson Dylan J. Tyson President and Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 plnj-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, I, Elizabeth Dietrich, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey (the Company ), hereby certify that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 8, 2024 
 
 s Elizabeth Dietrich Elizabeth Dietrich Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik1038509-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik1038509-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik1038509-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik1038509-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik1038509-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

