<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1635282_0001635282-24-000173.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7188976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>343182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1443171</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2095564</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1747349</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1428299</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001635282-24-000173.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030063512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001635282-24-000173
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rimini Street, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001635282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				364880301
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37397
		FILM NUMBER:		241407339

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 S. PAVILION CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 330
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 839-9671

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 S. PAVILION CENTER DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 330
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GP Investments Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001635282-24-000173.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 rmni-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rmni-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The registrant had approximately shares of its 0.0001 par value common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2024. 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 2 
 ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 
 ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 61 
 ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 61 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 
 ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 61 
 ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 63 
 SIGNATURES 
 64 

1 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Deferred contract costs, current Short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Long-term assets: Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred contract costs, noncurrent Deposits and other Deferred income taxes, net Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued compensation, benefits and commissions Other accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, net of current maturities Deferred revenue, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 par value. Authorized (excluding shares of Series A Preferred Stock) no other series has been designated 
 Common stock; par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total stockholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Reorganization costs Litigation costs and related recoveries: Litigation expense Professional fees and other costs of litigation Litigation costs and related recoveries, net 
 Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Non-operating income and (expenses): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expenses), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) ) Derivative instrument and other adjustments, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding: Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Common Stock, Shares Beginning of period Exercise of stock options for cash Restricted stock units vested Issuance of Common Stock Retired shares of Common Stock ) End of period Total Stockholders' Deficit, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Common Stock, Amount Beginning of period Exercise of stock options for cash Restricted stock units vested Retired shares of Common Stock End of period Additional Paid-in Capital Beginning of period Stock based compensation expense Exercise of stock options for cash Restricted stock units vested Retired shares of Common Stock ) End of period Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) End of period ) ) ) ) Accumulated Deficit Beginning of period ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) End of period ) ) ) ) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Deficit, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Accretion and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Deferred income taxes ) Amortization and accretion related to operating right of use assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses, deposits and other ) ) Deferred contract costs Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation, benefits, commissions and other liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) Payment for purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investments Proceeds from sale of investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from the 2024 Credit Facility Principal payments on the Original Credit Facility ) ) Payments to repurchase and retire Common Stock ) Principal payments on capital leases ) ) Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign currency translation changes ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Continued 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Increase in payables for capital expenditures 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 The Company offers a comprehensive family of unified solutions to run, manage, support, customize, configure, connect, protect, monitor, and optimize clients enterprise application, database, and technology software platforms. 

NOTE 2 
 million, and the Company recorded a net loss of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. This was a result of the Company accruing a million liability for Oracle s attorneys fees and costs. See Note 8 for further information regarding this accrual. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had available cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s current liabilities included million of deferred revenue whereby the costs of fulfilling the Company's commitments to provide services to its clients was approximately of the related deferred revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company amended its million term loan (the Original Credit Facility into a new term loan of million (the 2024 Credit Facility, and together with the Original Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities ). Annual minimum principal payments over the term for the 2024 Credit Facility are , , , and , respectively, with the remaining balance due at the end of the term. See Note 5 for further information regarding the Company's 2024 Credit Facility and the Original Credit Facility. 
 
 Additionally, the Company is obligated to make operating and financing lease payments that are due within the next 12 months in the aggregate amount of million. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the global economy continued to experience interest rate and inflationary pressures, geopolitical conflicts, global supply chain issues, a rise in energy prices and the continuing effects of fiscal and monetary policies adopted by governments. Assuming the Company s ability to operate continues not to be significantly adversely impacted by the related changes in the macroeconomic environment, geopolitical pressures, or the litigation matters described in Note 8, the Company believes that current cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and future cash flow from operating activities will be sufficient to meet the Company s anticipated cash needs, including 2024 Credit Facility repayments, working capital needs, capital expenditures and other contractual obligations for at least 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements. 
 7 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 Capitalized commissions during the period Amortized deferred contract costs during the period ) ) ) ) Deferred contract costs, current and noncurrent, as of the end of period 

Deferred revenue activity consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Deferred revenue, current and noncurrent, as of the beginning of period Billings, net Revenue recognized ) ) ) ) Deferred revenue, current and noncurrent, as of the end of period 
 
 The Company s remaining performance obligations represent all future non-cancellable revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes deferred revenue and unbilled amounts. As of September 30, 2024, remaining performance obligations amounted to million, of which million was billed and recorded as deferred revenue. As of September 30, 2023, remaining performance obligations amounted to million, of which million was billed and recorded as deferred revenue. 
 
 Deferred revenue is a contract liability that consists of billings issued that are non-cancellable and payments received in advance of revenue recognition. The Company typically invoices its customers at the beginning of the contract term, in annual and multi-year installments. Deferred revenue is recognized as the Company satisfies its performance obligations over the term 
 8 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of deferred revenue over the next 12 months, with the remaining deferred revenue balance recognized thereafter. 

NOTE 4 
 Accrued professional fees Accrued reorganization costs Current maturities of capital lease obligations Income taxes payable Accrued litigation costs Other accrued expenses Total other accrued liabilities 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company began a process to optimize its cost structure. 
 Charges Cash Payments ) Foreign currency impact Accrued reorganization costs, as of the end of period 

NOTE 5 
 
 Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt, net of current maturities 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made principal payments under the Credit Facilities totaling million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made quarterly principal payments under the Original Credit Facility totaling million and million, respectively. 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company refinanced its Original Credit Facility, which had an outstanding principal balance of million, with the 2024 Credit Facility, a new senior secured credit facility consisting of a million term loan and a million revolving line of credit. For the term loan, the Company has a choice of interest rates between (a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and (b) a Base Rate (as defined in the 2024 Credit Facility), in each case plus an 
 9 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to or Base Rate (ranging from to ). The revolving line of credit bears interest on the unused portion of the credit line at rates of to basis points, depending on the Company s Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. Annual minimum principal payments over the term for the 2024 Credit Facility are , , , , and , respectively, with the remaining balance due at the end of the term. 
 
 The refinancing was accounted for as a debt modification under ASC 470-50 as the terms of the 2024 Credit Facility were not substantially different than the terms of the Original Credit Facility. Under debt modification accounting, third party costs are expensed as incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company expensed million in third party transaction costs in connection with the modification. Fees paid to the creditor of million were included with the remaining unamortized discount from the Original Credit Facility and are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the 2024 Credit Facility. 
 
 Pursuant to a Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated April 30, 2024, among the Credit Parties (as defined in the 2024 Credit Facility) and Capital One, National Association, as agent (the 2024 Guaranty and Security Agreement ), the obligations under the 2024 Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries and are secured, subject to customary permitted liens and exceptions, by a lien on substantially all assets of the Credit Parties. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio greater than , a total leverage ratio less than , and a minimum liquidity balance of at least million in U.S. cash. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company amended its Original Credit Facility. The amendment implemented, among other things, certain changes in the reference rate from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to SOFR. As of February 28, 2023, the Company had a choice of interest rates between (a) Adjusted Term SOFR and (b) Base Rate (as defined in the Original Credit Facility), in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin was based on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Original Credit Facility) and whether the Company elected Adjusted Term SOFR (ranging from to or Base Rate (ranging from to ). 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the average interest rate under both the 2024 Credit Facility and the Original Credit Facility was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the average interest rate under both the 2024 Credit Facility and the Original Credit Facility was and , respectively. 
 
 The fair value of the 2024 Credit Facility was million (Level 2 inputs) as of September 30, 2024 compared to the carrying value of million as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of the Original Credit Facility was million (Level 2 inputs) as of December 31, 2023 compared to the carrying value of million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Effective April 30, 2024, the Company s interest rate swap agreement was amended in connection with the 2024 Credit Facility to match the new term. The new interest rate swap agreement has a notional value of million, with a fixed payer SOFR rate of and an initial floating SOFR rate of . The floating rate is reset at each month end and the term of the interest rate swap agreement coincides with that of the 2024 Credit Facility. See Note 11 for further information regarding the fair value accounting for the interest rate swap agreement. The modification of the interest rate swap agreement did not have a material impact on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Under the 2024 Credit Facility, the Company has million in available borrowings under the revolving line of credit as of September 30, 2024. There were borrowings under the revolving line of credit during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 10 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accretion expense related to discount and issuance costs Interest on finance leases and other 
 
 For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense included a reduction related to interest rate swap payments received of million, respectively. 
 
 For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense included a reduction related to the interest rate swap payments received of million, respectively. 

NOTE 6 
 
 acquire any shares of its Common Stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company acquired million shares of its Common Stock at a cost of million. Upon completion of all repurchase transactions, the associated shares of Common Stock were retired. 
 
 Stock Plans 
 
 The Company s stock plans consist of the 2007 Stock Plan (the 2007 Plan and the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated in July 2017 (the 2013 Plan ). The 2007 Plan and the 2013 Plan are collectively referred to as the Stock Plans . On February 23, 2024, pursuant to the evergreen provisions of the 2013 Plan, the Board of Directors authorized an increase of approximately million shares available for grant under the 2013 Plan. 
 
 On May 3, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors, approved the Company s 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2024 LTI Plan ), consisting of awards of performance units PSUs ), restricted stock units RSUs and stock options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock under the terms of the Company s 2013 Plan, as amended, effective May 6, 2024. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors, approved the Company s 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2023 LTI Plan ), consisting of awards of PSUs, RSUs and stock options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock under the terms of the Company s 2013 Plan, as amended, effective April 3, 2023. 
 
 For additional information about the Stock Plans, please refer to Note 8 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K. The information presented below provides an update for activity under the Stock Plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Performance Units 
 
 Under the 2024 LTI Plan, the Company granted PSUs which will be measured over a performance period beginning on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2024 (the Performance Period ), but will remain subject to a continued service-based vesting requirement. Half of the PSUs awarded are eligible to vest based on the Company s achievement against a target adjusted EBITDA goal for fiscal year 2024, and the remaining half of the PSUs awarded will be eligible to vest based on the Company s achievement against a target total revenue goal for fiscal year 2024. The ultimate number of PSUs that may vest (as calculated, the Earned PSUs range from to of the granted PSUs. On May 6, 2024, the Company granted million PSUs at a grant price of . 
 
 The Earned PSUs under the April 3, 2023 grant were earned at . Under the terms of the 2023 LTI Plan, the Earned PSUs will vest in equal annual installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the Date of Grant, generally subject to the awardee continuing to be a Service Provider through the applicable vesting date. 
 11 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized expense of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized expense of million net of forfeitures is expected to be charged to expense on a graded basis as the PSUs vest over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors granted RSUs under the 2013 Plan to employees for an aggregate of approximately million shares of Common Stock. RSU grants vest over periods generally ranging from to months from the respective grant dates and the awards are subject to forfeiture upon termination of employment or service on the Board of Directors, as applicable. Based on the weighted average fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant of per share, the aggregate fair value for the shares underlying the RSUs amounted to million as of the grant date that will be recognized as compensation cost over the vesting period. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized compensation expense related to RSUs of approximately million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized compensation expense related to RSUs of approximately million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized expense of million net of forfeitures is expected to be charged to expense on a straight-line basis as the RSUs vest over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors granted stock options for the purchase of an aggregate of approximately million shares of Common Stock at exercise prices that were equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Options granted to employees generally vest as to one-third of the shares subject to the award on each anniversary of the designated vesting commencement date, which may precede the grant date of such award, and expire after the grant date. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 (3)(4) Vested, September 30, 2024 (3) 

(1) Represents the weighted average exercise price. 
 (2) Represents the weighted average remaining contractual term until the stock options expire in years. 
 (3) As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of all stock options outstanding was thousand. As of September 30, 2024, there was aggregate intrinsic value related to the vested stock options. 
 (4) The number of outstanding stock options that are not expected to ultimately vest due to forfeiture amounted to million shares as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The aggregate fair value of approximately million stock options granted for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 amounted to million, or per stock option as of the grant date utilizing the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM method. The fair valued derived under the BSM method will result in the recognition of compensation cost over the vesting period of the stock options. 
 12 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Volatility Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Fair value per share of Common Stock on date of grant 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options, net of estimated forfeitures, was million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the unrecognized costs are expected to be charged to expense on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 
 Shares Available for Grant 
 
 Newly authorized by Board of Directors Stock options granted ) RSUs and PSUs granted ) Expired options under Stock Plans Forfeited options under Stock Plans Forfeited RSUs and PSUs under Stock Plans Available, September 30, 2024 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 
 Warrants 
 
 million shares of Common Stock exercisable at per share. For additional information about these warrants, please refer to Note 8 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K. 

NOTE 7 
 and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s effective tax rate was and , respectively. The Company s income tax benefit (expense) was attributable to the income (loss) before income taxes, which was offset, in part, to earnings in the foreign jurisdictions subject to income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. The Company did not have any material changes to its conclusions regarding valuation allowances for deferred income tax assets or uncertain tax positions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 13 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 
 million through September 2027. As of September 30, 2024, the total minimum purchase obligations totaled million. There have been no other material changes outside the normal course of business to the Company s non-cancellable purchases commitments. For additional information, please refer to Note 10 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 The Company has defined contribution plans for both its U.S. and foreign employees. For certain of these plans, employees may contribute up to the statutory maximum, which is set by law each year. The plans also provide for employer contributions. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s matching contributions to these plans totaled million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s matching contributions to these plans totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Rimini I Litigation 
 
 In January 2010, certain subsidiaries of Oracle Corporation (together with its subsidiaries individually and collectively, Oracle filed a lawsuit, Oracle USA, Inc. et al. v. Rimini Street, Inc. et al. (United States District Court for the District of Nevada) (the District Court ( Rimini I ), against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Seth Ravin, alleging that certain of the Company s processes (Process 1.0) violated Oracle s license agreements with its customers and that the Company committed acts of copyright infringement and violated other federal and state laws. The litigation involved the Company s business processes and the manner in which the Company provided services to its clients. 
 
 After completion of a jury trial in 2015 and subsequent appeals, the final outcome of Rimini I was that Mr. Ravin was found not liable for any claims and the Company was found liable for only claim: innocent infringement, a jury finding that the Company did not know and had no reason to know that its former support processes were infringing. The jury also found that the infringement did not cause Oracle to suffer lost profits. The Company was ordered to pay a judgment of million in 2016, which the Company promptly paid and then pursued appeals. With interest, attorneys fees and costs, the total judgment paid by the Company to Oracle after the completion of all appeals was approximately million. A portion of such judgment was paid by the Company s insurance carriers. 
 
 Rimini I Injunction Proceedings 
 
 Since November 2018, the Company has been subject to a permanent injunction (the Rimini I Injunction prohibiting it from using certain support processes that had been found in Rimini I to innocently infringe certain Oracle copyrights. The Rimini I Injunction does not prohibit the Company s provision of support services for any Oracle product lines, but rather defines the manner in which the Company can provide support services for certain Oracle product lines. 
 
 In July 2020, Oracle filed a motion to show cause with the District Court contending that the Company was in violation of the Rimini I Injunction, and the Company opposed this motion, disputing Oracle s claims. After completion of an evidentiary hearing in September 2021, findings and order by the District Court in January 2022 and a subsequent appeal by the Company to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals Court of Appeals ), the final outcome of the proceedings, which were resolved in October 2023 on remand to the District Court, was a finding that the Company had violated the Rimini I Injunction in instances, entitling Oracle to million in sanctions (representing a million adjustment to the million sanctions award originally paid by the Company to Oracle in January 2022). In addition, the Company complied with the District Court s January 2022 order to quarantine certain computer files and provide proof of such quarantining to Oracle. Oracle reimbursed the Company million in November 2023 for the portion of the sanctions award that was reduced on appeal. 
 
 14 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to Oracle. Also per the Stipulation, the Company agreed that it would forego any remaining appellate rights with respect to this matter. 
 
 As a result of the Stipulation and the subsequent payment by the Company of the amount described above, all matters relating to the Rimini I Injunction Proceedings have been resolved. At this time, the Company believes that it is in substantial compliance with the Rimini I Injunction. 
 
 Rimini II Litigation 
 
 In October 2014, the Company filed a separate lawsuit, Rimini Street Inc. v. Oracle Int l Corp. , in the District Court against Oracle seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company s revised Process 2.0 support practices, in use since at least July 2014, did not infringe certain Oracle copyrights Rimini II ). The Company s operative complaint asserted declaratory judgment, tort, and statutory claims, including a request for injunctive relief against Oracle for unfair competition in violation of the California Unfair Competition Law. Oracle asserted counterclaims including copyright infringement claims, violations of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act DMCA and Lanham Act, breach of contract and business tort violations with respect to PeopleSoft and other Oracle-branded products, including J.D. Edwards, Siebel, Oracle Database and Oracle E-Business Suite EBS ). 
 
 In October 2022, Oracle withdrew all of its monetary damages claims against the Company and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Mr. Ravin, in Rimini II and moved to proceed with a bench trial instead of a jury trial for its claims for equitable relief. 
 
 The District Court entered an order on October 24, 2022, dismissing with prejudice Oracle s claims in Rimini II for monetary relief of any kind under any legal theory[,] including but not limited to claims for damages, restitution, unjust enrichment, and engorgement. . . . In addition, Oracle s claims for breach of contract, inducing breach of contract and an accounting, were dismissed with prejudice, meaning that the claims (including for monetary damages) were dismissed on their merits and the judgment rendered is final. Prior to the date of the District Court s order dismissing with prejudice all of Oracle s claims for monetary relief, no damages of any kind were awarded by the District Court in Rimini II. The parties each reserved the right to seek or object to any attorneys fees and/or costs to the extent permissible by law. 
 
 In July 2023, the District Court issued its findings of fact and conclusions of law in Rimini II, accompanied by a permanent injunction against the Company (the Rimini II Injunction which is subject to an administrative stay and is not currently effective. The District Court found infringement as to Oracle s PeopleSoft and Oracle Database products but did not find infringement as to Oracle s EBS, Siebel and J.D. Edwards products, further ordering that the Company was entitled to a declaration of non-infringement for Oracle s EBS product. The District Court also found in favor of Oracle on its DMCA and Lanham Act claims, enjoining the Company from making certain statements and prohibiting certain actions in connection with the manner of marketing, selling and providing services to clients of the Oracle products in question as further described below, and on indirect and vicarious copyright infringement claims against the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Mr. Ravin. The District Court denied the Company s California Unfair Competition Law claim and other declaratory judgment claims. 
 
 In July 2023, the Company filed a notice of appeal in the District Court, commencing an appeal of the District Court s July 2023 Rimini II judgment and Injunction and filed an emergency motion with the District Court to stay enforcement of the Rimini II Injunction pending the Company s appeal of the Rimini II judgment and Injunction. 
 
 In August 2023, the District Court issued an order denying the Company s emergency motion to stay the Rimini II Injunction pending the Company s appeal with the Court of Appeals, but it granted an administrative stay of the Rimini II Injunction pending the outcome of a motion to stay to be filed by the Company with the Court of Appeals. Shortly thereafter, the Company filed the separate motion to stay the Rimini II Injunction with the Court of Appeals, asserting that certain provisions of the Rimini II Injunction are vague and overbroad, that the District Court committed legal error, that certain provisions would require the Company to commit criminal acts to comply with its terms, and that the Rimini II Injunction would cause the Company and third parties irreparable harm, among other grounds. 
 
 15 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million relating to the Rimini II litigation. The Company filed its opposition to Oracle s motion in February 2024. In its opposition, the Company argued that the District Court should deny Oracle s motion in its entirety. The Company further argued that, should the District Court award any attorneys fees to Oracle, such fees should not have exceeded million. Following Oracle s filing of a reply brief in March 2024, the matter was under consideration for determination by the District Court. On September 23, 2024, the District Court issued its order on Oracle s motion for attorneys fees and costs, granting in part the motion and denying in part the motion. The District Court awarded Oracle million in attorneys fees and million in costs. As of September 30, 2024, the Company accrued million related to this matter and paid Oracle in full on October 22, 2024. On September 24, 2024, the Company filed a notice of appeal in the District Court, commencing an appeal of the District Court s award of attorneys fees and costs to Oracle. As of the date of this Report, the Company s appeal remains pending. The Company s opening brief is due on January 21, 2025, and Oracle s answering brief is due February 20, 2025. The Company s optional reply brief is due days after Oracle files its answering brief. 
 
 While the Company plans to continue to vigorously pursue its appeal of the District Court s award of attorneys fees and costs to Oracle in the Rimini II litigation, it is unable to predict the timing or outcome of this matter. No assurance is or can be given that the Company will prevail in its appeal. 
 
 If the Rimini II Injunction becomes effective in its current form, it would impact the Company s delivery of PeopleSoft support services to clients in the future, as well as potentially impact the Company s previously announced plans to wind down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products. However, the associated costs are not currently estimable and are required to be recorded when incurred. Accordingly, the Company has made no accrual as of September 30, 2024. Any required changes to how support services are delivered to the Company s PeopleSoft clients could have a material adverse impact on the 
 16 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the Company s total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company reserves all rights, including appellate rights, with respect to the District Court s rulings in Rimini II and the Rimini II Injunction, including the award of attorneys fees and costs to Oracle. 
 
 Other Litigation 
 
 From time to time, the Company may be a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company currently believes that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on its business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company because of judgment, defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. At each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether or not a potential loss amount or a potential range of loss is probable and reasonably estimable under ASC 450, Contingencies . Legal fees are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Liquidated Damages 
 
 The Company enters into agreements with clients that contain provisions related to liquidated damages that would be triggered in the event that the Company is no longer able to provide services to these clients. The maximum cash payments related to these liquidated damages is approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. To date, the Company has not incurred any costs as a result of such provisions and has not accrued any liabilities related to such provisions in these Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

NOTE 9 
 
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

NOTE 10 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, basic and diluted net earnings per share of Common Stock were computed by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the respective periods. 
 17 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding: Basic Stock options PSUs RSUs Diluted Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 Stock options Warrants Total 

NOTE 11 
 18 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

US Treasury notes Level 2 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the Company amended its interest rate swap agreement to match the new team in connection with the 2024 Credit Facility. The new interest rate swap agreement has a notional value of million, with a fixed payer SOFR rate of and an initial floating SOFR rate of . The derivative was recognized in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at its estimated fair value as of September 30, 2024. The modification of the interest rate swap agreement did not have a material impact on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company uses derivatives to manage the risk associated with changes in interest rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives for speculative purposes. 
 
 To estimate fair value for the Company's interest rate swap agreement as of September 30, 2024, the Company utilized a present value of future cash flows, leveraging a model-derived valuation that uses Level 2 observable inputs such as interest rate yield curves. The Company estimated the fair value of the interest rate swap agreement to be a liability of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in the fair value of the derivatives that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets until earnings are affected by the variability of the cash flows. 
 
 Other long-term liabilities Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Derivative Instrument Income Statement Classification 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest rate swap Interest expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Significant Concentrations 
 
 The Company attributes revenues to geographic regions based on the location of its clients contracting entities. 
 19 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

International Total 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Japan represented and of total revenue, respectively. No clients represented more than 10 of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no clients accounted for more than 10 of total net accounts receivable. The Company tracks its assets by physical location. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net carrying value of the Company s property and equipment located outside of the United States amounted to approximately million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had operating lease right-of-use assets of million, million and million in the United States, India and the rest of the world, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had operating lease right-of-use assets of million, million and million in the United States, India and the rest of the world, respectively. 
 
 Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at high-quality financial institutions, primarily in the United States. Deposits, including those held in foreign branches of global banks, may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash with a single financial institution for an aggregate of million and million, respectively. In addition, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalents with other single financial institutions of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had restricted cash of million. The Company has never experienced any losses related to these balances. 
 
 Generally, credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is diversified due to the number of entities comprising the Company s client base and their dispersion across different geographies and industries. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations on certain clients and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable. The Company maintains reserves for potential bad debts and historically such losses are generally not significant. 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 to . Some of the leases include the option to terminate the leases upon -days notice with a penalty. The Company s leases have various remaining lease terms ranging from November 2024 to February 2030. The Company s lease agreements may include renewal or termination options for varying periods that are generally at the Company's discretion. The Company s lease terms only include those periods related to renewal options the Company believes are reasonably certain to exercise. The Company generally does not include these renewal options as it is not reasonably certain to renew at the lease commencement date. This determination is based on consideration of certain economic, strategic and other factors that the Company evaluates at lease commencement date and reevaluates throughout the lease term. Some leases also include options to terminate the leases and the Company only includes those periods beyond the termination date if it is reasonably certain not to exercise the termination option. 
 
 The Company uses a discount rate to calculate the right of use ROU asset and lease liability. When the implicit rate is known or provided in the lease documents, the Company is required to use this rate. In cases in which the implicit rate is not known, the Company uses an estimated incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 Some leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage or may vary for other reasons, such as payments for insurance and tax payments. The variable portion of lease payments is not included in the Company s ROU assets or lease liabilities. Rather, variable payments, other than those dependent upon an index or rate, are expensed when the obligation for those payments is incurred and are included in lease expenses recorded in selling and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 20 

RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional operating lease with a net present value of million that will commence in October 2024. 
 
 Other lease expense Total lease expense 
 
 Other information related to leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 Supplemental Balance Sheet Information September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating lease right-of-use assets, noncurrent September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Years Operating leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid million and million, respectively, for operating lease liabilities. For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid million, respectively, for operating lease liabilities. 
 
 21 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, currently, estimate, expect, future, intend, may, might, outlook, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, seem, seek, should, will, would and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning: 
 
 the evolution of the enterprise software management and support landscape facing our clients and prospects; 
 our ability to educate the market regarding the advantages of our enterprise software management and support services and products; 
 costs, including attorneys fees, associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims, such as those claims discussed under Legal Proceedings in Part II, Item 1 of this Report, and our expectations with respect to such litigation, including the disposition of pending motions to appeal, and any new claims; 
 any additional expenses to be incurred to comply with the Rimini II Injunction and the impact on future period revenue and costs; 
 estimates of our total addressable market; 
 expectations of client savings relative to use of other providers; 
 the occurrence of catastrophic events, including terrorism and geopolitical actions specific to an international region, that may disrupt our business or that of our current and prospective clients; 
 our ability to grow our revenue, implement cost reduction programs and control our expenses; 
 our ability to maintain sufficient cash flow and capital or raise additional capital necessary to fund our operations and invest in new services and products; 
 the impact of the debt service obligations and financial and operational covenants under our 2024 Credit Facility on our business and related interest rate risk; 
 our business plan, our ability to grow in the future and our ability to achieve and maintain profitability; 
 our plans to wind down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products; 
 the impact of any macro-economic trends, including inflation, changing interest rates and changes in foreign exchange rates; 
 the volatility of our stock price and related compliance with stock exchange requirements; 
 expected results and objectives for future operations; 
 the expected impact of recent and anticipated future reductions in our workforce and associated reorganization costs; 
 our ability to expand our leadership position in independent enterprise software support and to sell our application management services AMS and Rimini ONE integrated services; 
 our ability to attract and retain clients and our ability to further penetrate our existing client base; 
 our ability to maintain our competitive technological advantages against new entrants in our industry; 
 our ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology; 
 our ability to innovate new products and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand and intellectual property; 
 our ability to capitalize on changing market conditions including a market shift to hybrid and cloud/SaaS offerings for information technology environments and retirement of certain software releases by software vendors; 
 our ability to develop strategic partnerships; 
 benefits associated with the use of our services; 
 our ability to expand internationally; 
 our need and ability to raise equity or debt financing on favorable terms and our ability to generate cash flows from operations to help fund increased investment in our growth initiatives; 
 the effects of increased competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; 
 our intentions with respect to our pricing model; 
 cost of revenue, including changes in costs associated with production and client support; 
 changes in laws or regulations, including tax laws or unfavorable outcomes of tax positions we take, a failure by us to establish adequate reserves for tax events or our ability to realize benefits from our net operating losses; 
 economic and industry trends or trend analysis; 
 22 

our ability to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology systems and other cybersecurity threats, protect the confidential information of our employees and clients and comply with privacy and data protection regulations; 
 the amount and timing of repurchases, if any, under our stock repurchase program and our ability to enhance stockholder value through such program or any other actions to provide value to stockholders; 
 the attraction and retention of additional qualified personnel, including sales personnel, and the retention of key personnel; 
 future acquisitions of or investments in complementary businesses, products, subscriptions or technologies; 
 uncertainty from the discontinuance of LIBOR and the transition to SOFR or other interest rate benchmarks; 
 the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations, including the contract renewal cycles for vendor-supplied software support and managed services; 
 our ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting and our ability to remediate any identified material weaknesses in our internal controls; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Report. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those referred to under Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Report. Moreover, we operate in very competitive and rapidly changing markets. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this Report are made as of the date of the filing, and except as required by law, we disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements in this Report. You should read this Report and the documents that we reference in this Report and have filed with the SEC as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity and performance, as well as other events and circumstances, may be materially different from what we expect. 

Overview 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes to those statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, and our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in Part II, Item 8 of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Certain figures, such as interest rates and other percentages included in this section have been rounded for ease of presentation. Percentage figures included in this section have not in all cases been calculated based on such rounded figures but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts in this section may vary slightly from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or in the associated text. Certain other amounts that appear in this section may similarly not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Rimini Street, Inc. was formed in the State of Nevada in 2005 and, through a merger in 2017 with a public company, became Rimini Street, Inc., a Delaware corporation, trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol RMNI. 
 
 Rimini Street, Inc. and its subsidiaries (referred to as Rimini Street , the Company , we and us are global providers of end-to-end enterprise software support, products and services. The Company offers a comprehensive family of unified solutions to run, manage, support, customize, configure, connect, protect, monitor, and optimize clients enterprise application, database, and technology software platforms. 
 
 Over the years, as our reputation for technical capability, value, innovation, responsiveness and trusted reliability grew, clients and prospects began asking us to expand the scope of our support, product and service offerings to meet other 
 23 

current and evolving needs and opportunities related to their enterprise software. We also heard from prospects and clients that their goals include reducing the number of IT vendors to more manageable numbers from a governance perspective, with a desire to select vendors who can provide a wider scope of IT services and become true trusted partners. 
 
 To meet the needs of our clients and prospects and to service what we believe is a significantly expanded addressable market opportunity, we designed, developed and are now delivering a new, expanded solutions portfolio (our Solutions Portfolio for a wider array of enterprise software including an expanded list of supported software; managed services for Oracle, SAP, IBM, Salesforce and open-source database software; and new solutions for security, interoperability, observability and consulting. We also now offer an integrated package of our services as Rimini ONE , a unique end-to-end, turnkey outsourcing option for Oracle and SAP landscapes designed to optimize our clients existing technologies with a minimum of 15 extended years of operating lifespan and enable our clients to focus their IT talent and budget on potentially higher-value, innovative projects that will support competitive advantage and growth. 
 
 Enterprise software support, products and services is one of the largest categories of overall global information technology IT spending. We believe enterprise resource planning ERP ), customer relationship management CRM ), product lifecycle management PLM database and technology software systems have become increasingly important in the operation of mission-critical business processes over the last 30 years. Also the costs associated with running and supporting these systems, system failure and downtime, security exposure, system integration and monitoring, and maintaining the tax, legal and regulatory compliance of these software systems have each contributed to increases in both actual spend and as a percentage of the typical full IT budget. As a result, we believe that licensees often view enterprise software support, products and services as a mandatory cost of doing business. The majority of our revenue through September 30, 2024, was generated from our support solutions. 
 
 In a traditional licensing model, the customer typically procures a perpetual software license and pays for the license in a single upfront fee perpetual license ), and base software support services can be optionally procured from the software vendor for an annual fee that is typically 20-23 of the total cost of the software license. In a newer subscription-based licensing model, such as software as a service SaaS ), the customer generally pays for the usage of the software on a monthly or annual basis subscription license ). Under a subscription license, the product license and a base level of software support are generally bundled together as a single purchase, and the base level of software support is not procured separately nor is it an optional purchase. 
 
 When we provide our support solutions for a perpetual software license, we generally offer our clients service for a fee that we believe is equal to approximately 50 of the annual fees charged by the software vendor for their base support. When providing supplemental software support for a perpetual license, where the client procures our support service in addition to retaining the software vendor s base support, we generally offer our clients service for a fee that is equal to approximately 25 of the annual fees charged by the software vendor for their base support. We also offer a special support service, Rimini Street Extra Secure Support, available to clients that require a more rigorous level of security background checks and/or government security clearance for engineers accessing a client s system than our standard employment security background check and requirements. Clients may be asked to pay an additional fee for Rimini Street Extra Secure Support. 
 
 In addition to our support services, we also offer a breadth of enterprise software support, products and services through our full portfolio of solutions at an additional fee that is calculated based on a variety of factors and metrics. Our solutions are designed to meet specific client needs and are designed to provide what we believe is exceptional value and return for the fees charged. For more details about our Solutions Portfolio, please see Item 1 Business included in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we employed approximately 2,070 professionals and supported over 3,090 active clients globally, including 76 Fortune 500 companies and 22 Fortune Global 100 companies across a broad range of industries. We define an active client as a distinct entity, such as a company, an educational or government institution, or a business unit of a company that purchases our services to support a specific product. For example, we count as two separate active clients instances where we provide support for two different products to the same entity. 
 
 Our subscription-based revenue provides a foundation for, and visibility into, future period results. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we generated revenue of 104.7 million and 107.5 million, respectively, representing a decrease of 3 . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net loss of 43.1 million, and as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 245.1 million. Approximately 49 and 52 of our revenue was generated in the United States for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Approximately 51 and 
 24 

48 of our revenue was generated in foreign jurisdictions for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we announced that we would wind down services for Oracle PeopleSoft products and began the wind down project. The wind down includes our Rimini Support , Rimini Manage and Rimini Consult services for Oracle PeopleSoft products. As we provide services for Oracle PeopleSoft products to clients globally, the wind-down process is expected to take place over several phases. We expect significant reductions in Oracle PeopleSoft-related revenue over time, but it is unclear when we will be able to cease providing all Oracle PeopleSoft services. Revenue related to providing services for Oracle PeopleSoft products accounted for approximately 24.9 million, or 8 of revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 27.6 million, or 9 of revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations through cash collected from clients and net proceeds from equity financings and borrowings. 
 
 Global Economic Uncertainty 
 
 We have experienced some clients not renewing our services due to the adverse impact on their businesses from current global economic uncertainty, as well as by the economic disruption continuing to be caused by the Israel-Hamas conflict, the Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022 and recent political and trade turmoil with China, amongst other global challenges. While we do not physically operate in Russia, Ukraine or in mainland China, we do have operations in Israel. These global events, together with inflationary pressures, have negatively impacted the global economy, causing the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in 2022 and reduce interest rates in September 2024. Despite these macroeconomic and geopolitical pressures, we expect to continue to be able to market, sell and provide our current and future products and services to clients globally. We also expect to continue investing in the development and improvement of new and existing products and services to address client needs. Further, although our operations are influenced by general economic conditions, we do not believe the impacts of economic disruptions described above had a significant net impact on our revenue or results of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The extent to which rising inflation, interest rate changes and continuing global economic and geopolitical uncertainty impact our business going forward, however, will depend on numerous evolving factors we cannot reliably predict, including continued governmental and business actions in response to increasing global economic and geopolitical uncertainty. As such, the effects of rising inflation, interest rate increases and other negative impacts on the global economy may not be fully reflected in our financial results until future periods. Refer to Risk Factors (Part II, Item 1A of this Report) for a discussion of these factors and other risks. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Reference is made to Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for a discussion of recent developments regarding our litigation with Oracle, including the award of 58.5 million in attorneys fees and costs to Oracle in the Rimini II litigation matter referenced above. 

Key Business Metrics 
 
 Number of clients 
 
 Since we founded our company, we have made the expansion of our client base a priority. We believe that our ability to expand our client base is an indicator of the growth of our business, the success of our sales and marketing activities, and the value that our services bring to our clients. We define an active client as a distinct entity, such as a company, an educational or government institution, or a business unit of a company that purchases our services to support a specific product. For example, we count as two separate active clients when support for two different products is being provided to the same entity. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had 3,097 and 3,099 active clients, respectively. 
 
 We define a unique client as a distinct entity, such as a company, an educational or government institution or a subsidiary, division or business unit of a company that purchases one or more of our products or services. We count as two separate unique clients when two separate subsidiaries, divisions or business units of an entity purchase our products or services. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had 1,577 and 1,547 unique clients, respectively. 
 
 25 

The increase in our unique client count was due to obtaining new unique client contracts. In contrast, our active client count has declined slightly as the number of specific products and services which we are supporting for our unique clients has decreased as clients are retaining fewer of their respective products and services. In addition, we intend to focus future growth on both new and existing clients. We believe that the growth in our number of our unique clients is an indication that we can grow our enterprise software products and services in the future. 
 
 Annualized recurring revenue 
 
 We recognize subscription revenue on a daily basis. We define annualized recurring revenue as the amount of subscription revenue recognized during a quarter and multiplied by four. This gives us an indication of the revenue that can be earned in the following 12-month period from our existing client base assuming no cancellations or price changes occur during that period. Subscription revenue excludes any non-recurring revenue, which has been insignificant to date. 
 
 Our annualized recurring revenue was 402 million and 416 million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decline reflects the recent reduction in client retention. 
 
 Revenue retention rate 
 
 A key part of our business model is the recurring nature of our revenue. As a result, it is important that we retain clients after the completion of the non-cancellable portion of the support period. We believe that our revenue retention rate provides insight into the quality of our products and services and the value that our products and services provide our clients. 
 
 We define revenue retention rate as the actual subscription revenue (dollar-based) recognized in a 12-month period from clients that existed on the day prior to the start of the 12-month period divided by our annualized recurring revenue as of the day prior to the start of the 12-month period. Our revenue retention rate was 89 and 94 for the 12 months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decline in our revenue retention rate for the 12 months ended September 30, 2024 was due to attrition during the trailing twelve months, as certain clients did not renew specific subscriptions due to a variety of reasons; however, in some cases these clients maintained or added subscriptions for other products and services. Our net billings during the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.7 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily because we were able to increase client invoicing during the current period. However, our net billing for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 7.0 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of clients not renewing some services. 
 
 Gross profit margin 
 
 We derive revenue through the provision of our enterprise software products and services. All the costs incurred in providing these products and services are recognized as part of the cost of revenue. The cost of revenue includes all direct product line expenses, as well as the expenses incurred by our shared services organization which supports all product lines. 
 
 We define gross profit as the difference between revenue and the costs incurred in providing the software products and services. Gross profit margin is the ratio of gross profit divided by revenue. Our gross profit margin was approximately 60.7 and 62.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our gross profit margin declined for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to our continued investments in delivery of our products and services, larger contribution from lower margin products and services, as well as an overall decline in revenue. 
 
 26 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Our consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are presented below (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 Amount Percent Revenue 104,672 107,453 (2,781) (2.6) Cost of revenue: Employee compensation and benefits 25,756 25,904 (148) (0.6) Engineering consulting costs 6,375 6,192 183 3.0 Administrative allocations (1) 
 4,093 3,520 573 16.3 All other costs 4,911 4,494 417 9.3 Total cost of revenue 41,135 40,110 1,025 2.6 Gross profit 63,537 67,343 (3,806) (5.7) Gross profit margin 60.7 62.7 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 35,781 35,593 188 0.5 General and administrative 16,528 18,384 (1,856) (10.1) Reorganization costs 1,431 1,431 N/A Litigation costs and related recoveries, net 59,391 2,127 57,264 2,692.2 Total operating expenses 113,131 56,104 57,027 101.6 Operating income (loss) (49,594) 11,239 (60,833) (541.3) Non-operating income and (expenses): Interest expense (1,577) (1,413) (164) 11.6 Other income (expenses), net (642) 990 (1,632) (164.8) Income (loss) before income taxes (51,813) 10,816 (62,629) (579.0) Income taxes 8,713 (4,015) 12,728 (317.0) Net income (loss) (43,100) 6,801 (49,901) (733.7) 
 
 - 
 (1) Includes the portion of costs for IT, security services and facilities costs that are allocated to cost of revenue. In our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the total of such costs is allocated between cost of revenue, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, based primarily on relative headcount, except for facilities which is based on occupancy. 
 
 Revenue. Revenue declined from 107.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 104.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.8 million or 3 . Although there was an increase in the average number of unique clients from 1,532 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1,555 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue declined primarily due to the attrition of some large client contracts as certain clients did not renew specific subscriptions in prior periods due to varying reasons, which is now being reflected in our revenue within the current period. On a geographic basis, United States revenue declined from 55.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 51.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 4.2 million or 7 . Our international revenue grew from 51.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 53.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.4 million or 3 . 
 
 Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased from 40.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 41.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.0 million or 3 . The key drivers related to the cost of revenue increase were a 0.6 million increase in administrative allocations, a 0.4 million increase in all other costs and a 0.2 million increase in engineering consulting costs. These increases were offset, in part, by a decline in employee compensation and benefits of 0.1 million. 
 
 27 

As discussed in Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, the District Court issued its findings of fact and conclusions of law in Rimini II, accompanied by the Rimini II Injunction on July 24, 2023. The District Court found infringement as to Oracle s PeopleSoft and Oracle Database products. As a result of the findings, we are likely to incur additional expenses for incremental labor costs and other contingencies in order to comply with the District Court s Rimini II Injunction as we commence the process of winding down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products over time. Due to the large number of uncertainties surrounding the outcome of the appeal, we are unable to determine the final impact on future period costs until a decision is rendered. Any adverse outcome in our ongoing judicial proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Gross profit. Gross profit decreased from 67.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 63.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 3.8 million or 6 . Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 62.7 compared to 60.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the total cost of revenue increased by 3 compared to a decline in revenue of 3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, our gross profit margin declined by 200 basis points period over period. We expect margin pressures in the short-term as our ability to increase revenue remains challenged by a lack of new client contracts combined with unfavorable mix and continued investment in our new products and services. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses. As a percentage of our revenue, sales and marketing expenses were 34 and 33 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In dollar terms, sales and marketing expenses increased from 35.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 35.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.2 million or 0.5 . This increase was primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and benefits of 0.4 million, an increase of administrative allocations and all other costs of 0.8 million. These increases were offset by declines in marketing and advertising costs of 0.6 million and contract labor of 0.5 million. We will continue to seek additional revenue by selectively investing in resources and marketing programs that we believe will be scalable and help drive future revenue growth. 
 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased from 18.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 16.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.9 million or 10 . This decrease was comprised of several items, which included a decrease in salaries, wages, bonuses and benefits of 2.1 million, an increase in administrative allocations of 1.0 million, a decline in sales and other taxes of 0.1 million and a decrease of travel expenses of 0.1 million. These favorable variances were offset by an increase in computer supplies, software and license costs of 1.0 million, an increase in all other costs of 0.2 million, an increase in professional fees of 0.1 million and an increase in facility costs of 0.1 million. 
 
 Looking forward on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we are monitoring the demand for our services in light of current global economic conditions and competitive pressures and will adjust our expenditures accordingly. However, we expect to incur higher expenses associated with supporting the growth of our business, both in terms of size and geographical diversity. Our company costs that are expected to increase in the future include costs relating to additional information systems costs, costs for additional personnel in our accounting, human resources, IT and legal functions, SEC and Nasdaq fees, and incremental professional, legal, audit and insurance costs. As a result, we expect continued pressure on our general and administrative expenses in future periods. 
 
 Reorganization costs. Given our current business conditions, we began a process to evaluate and optimize our cost structure through a headcount reduction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, we recognized reorganization costs of 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to none for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The costs were primarily related to severance costs associated with employee terminations. We are continuing our evaluation and expect to incur additional reorganization costs during the fourth quarter of 2024, which will be primarily related to severance costs. These reorganization costs are not related to our plans to wind down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products as described above. 
 
 Litigation costs, net of related insurance recoveries. Litigation costs, net of related insurance recoveries, consist of the following (in thousands): 
 28 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Litigation expense 58,512 58,512 Professional fees and other costs of litigation 879 2,127 (1,248) Litigation costs and related recoveries, net 59,391 2,127 57,264 
 
 Litigation expense increased from no expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 58.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. On September 23, 2024, the District Court issued its order on Oracle s motion for attorneys fees and taxable costs. The District Court awarded Oracle 58.2 million in attorneys fees and 0.3 million in costs. As a result, we have accrued 58.5 million related to this matter for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Professional fees and other costs associated with litigation decreased from 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.2 million. This decrease was primarily due to the timing of when the costs were incurred related to our appeal of the Rimini II decision with the Ninth Circuit. 
 
 There were no insurance costs and related recoveries, net incurred for either the three months ended September 30, 2023 or for the three months ended September 30, 2024. We are self-insured for any costs related to any current or future intellectual property litigation. We currently believe our cash on hand, accounts receivable, contractually committed backlog and borrowing capacity under our 2024 Credit Facility provides us with sufficient liquidity to cover our ongoing attorneys fees and related costs, such as travel, hotels and consultants, associated with ongoing litigation, including Rimini II. However, please refer to the litigation matters as disclosed in Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for further information. 
 
 Interest expense. Interest expense increased from 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Interest expense slightly increased primarily due to rising interest rates on our Credit Facilities, which increased from an average interest rate of 7.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to an average interest rate of 8.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Other income (expenses), net. Other income (expenses), net is primarily comprised of interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses, and other non-operating income and expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net other expenses of approximately 0.6 million was comprised primarily of foreign exchange losses of 1.7 million and other expenses of 0.1 million, which were offset by interest income from cash and cash equivalents of 1.1 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, net other income of approximately 1.0 million was comprised primarily of gains from cash equivalents and investments of 1.1 million which were offset, in part, by foreign exchange losses of approximately 0.1 million. 
 
 Income taxes. We had an income tax expense of 4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to an income tax benefit of 8.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the primary reason for the change in income taxes was due to a decrease of income (loss) before taxes of 62.6 million in the current year period compared to the prior year period. 
 
 29 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Our consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are presented below (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 Amount Percent Revenue 314,540 319,386 (4,846) (1.5) Cost of revenue: Employee compensation and benefits 80,957 76,478 4,479 5.9 Engineering consulting costs 18,905 19,269 (364) (1.9) Administrative allocations (1) 
 12,324 10,659 1,665 15.6 All other costs 14,044 12,396 1,648 13.3 Total cost of revenue 126,230 118,802 7,428 6.3 Gross profit 188,310 200,584 (12,274) (6.1) Gross profit margin 59.9 62.8 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 112,299 107,356 4,943 4.6 General and administrative 54,460 55,475 (1,015) (1.8) Reorganization costs 4,639 59 4,580 7,762.7 Litigation costs and related recoveries, net 63,918 5,475 58,443 1,067.5 Total operating expenses 235,316 168,365 66,951 39.8 Operating income (47,006) 32,219 (79,225) (245.9) Non-operating income and (expenses): Interest expense (4,401) (4,139) (262) 6.3 Other income (expenses), net 1,814 1,799 15 0.8 Income before income taxes (49,593) 29,879 (79,472) (266.0) Income taxes 6,662 (13,171) 19,833 (150.6) Net income (loss) (42,931) 16,708 (59,639) (356.9) 

(1) Includes the portion of costs for IT, security services and facilities costs that are allocated to cost of revenue. In our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the total of such costs is allocated between cost of revenue, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, based primarily on relative headcount, except for facilities which is based on occupancy. 
 
 Revenue. Revenue declined from 319.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 314.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 4.8 million or 2 . Although there was a 2 increase in the average number of unique clients from 1,520 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 1,545 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue declined primarily due to the attrition of some large client contracts as certain clients did not renew specific subscriptions in prior periods due to varying reasons, which is now being reflected in our revenue during the current period. On a geographic basis, United States revenue declined from 163.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 156.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 6.3 million or 4 . Our international revenue grew from 156.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 157.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.5 million or 1 . 
 
 Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased from 118.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 126.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 7.4 million or 6 . The key drivers related to the cost of revenue increase were a 4.5 million increase in employee compensation and benefits to support an average headcount increase of 16 , a 1.7 million increase in administrative allocations and a 1.6 million increase in all other costs. These cost increases were offset by a 0.4 million decline in engineering consulting costs. 
 
 Gross profit. Gross profit decreased from 200.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 188.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 12.3 million or 6 . Gross profit margin for the nine 
 30 

months ended September 30, 2023 was 62.8 compared to 59.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the total cost of revenue increased by 6 , primarily due to an increase in average headcount of 16 compared to a decline in revenue of 2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, our gross profit margin declined by 290 basis points period over period. We expect margin pressures as our ability to increase revenue remains challenged by a lack of new client contracts combined with unfavorable mix and continued investment in our new products and services. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses. As a percentage of our revenue, sales and marketing expenses were 36 and 34 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In dollar terms, sales and marketing expenses increased from 107.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 112.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 4.9 million or 5 . This increase was primarily due to an increase in travel and entertainment costs of 5.2 million, primarily related to a sales training event held in January 2024. In addition, we incurred an increase in employee compensation and benefits of 0.6 million and an increase of administrative allocations and all other costs of 1.9 million. These increases were offset by declines in marketing and advertising costs of 1.8 million and contract labor of 1.2 million. We will continue to seek additional revenue growth by selectively investing in resources and marketing programs that we believe will be scalable and help drive revenue growth. 
 
 General and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased from 55.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 54.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.0 million or 2 . This decrease was comprised of several items, which included a decline in employee compensation and benefits of 2.0 million, a favorable increase in the administrative allocations of 2.4 million, a reduction of sales and other taxes of 0.5 million and a decrease in travel and entertainment of 0.2 million. These decreases were offset, in part, by an increase for computer supplies, software and licenses of 2.4 million, an increase in all other costs of 0.8 million, an increase in contract labor of 0.7 million and an increase of rent and facility costs of 0.2 million. 
 
 Reorganization costs. Given our current business conditions, we began a process to evaluate and optimize our cost structure through a headcount reduction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, we recognized reorganization costs of 4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 59.0 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The costs were primarily related to severance costs associated with employee terminations. We are continuing our evaluation and expect to incur additional reorganization costs during the fourth quarter of 2024, which will be primarily related to severance costs. These reorganization costs are not related to our plans to wind down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products as described above. 
 
 Litigation costs, net of related insurance recoveries. Litigation costs, net of related insurance recoveries, consist of the following (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Litigation expense 58,512 58,512 Professional fees and other costs of litigation 5,406 5,475 (69) Litigation costs and related recoveries, net 63,918 5,475 58,443 
 
 Litigation expense increased from no expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 58.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. On September 23, 2024, the District Court issued its order on Oracle s motion for attorneys fees and taxable costs. The District Court awarded to Oracle 58.2 million in attorneys fees and 0.3 million in costs. As a result, we have accrued 58.5 million related to this matter for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Professional fees and other costs associated with litigation decreased from 5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.1 million. This decrease was primarily due to the timing of when costs were incurred for our appeal preparation of the Rimini II decision with the Ninth Circuit. 
 
 There were no insurance costs and related recoveries, net incurred for either the nine months ended September 30, 2023 or for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We are self-insured for any costs related to any current or future intellectual property litigation. We currently believe our cash on hand, accounts receivable, contractually committed backlog and borrowing capacity under our 2024 Credit Facility provides us with sufficient liquidity to cover our ongoing attorneys fees and related costs, such as travel, hotels and consultants, associated with ongoing litigation, including Rimini II. However, 
 31 

please refer to the litigation matters as disclosed in Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for further information. 
 
 Interest expense. Interest expense increased from 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Interest expense slightly increased primarily due to rising interest rates on our Credit Facilities, which increased from an average interest rate of 6.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to an average interest rate of 7.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Other income (expenses), net. Other income (expenses), net is primarily comprised of interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses, and other non-operating income and expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net other income of approximately 1.8 million was comprised primarily of income from cash equivalents and investments of 3.0 million which were offset, in part, by foreign exchange losses of 0.6 million and other expenses of 0.6 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net other income of approximately 1.8 million was comprised primarily of gains from cash equivalents and investments of 2.8 million which were offset, in part, by foreign exchange losses of approximately 0.7 million and other expenses of 0.3 million. 
 
 Income taxes. We recorded income tax expense of 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to an income tax benefit of 6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the primary reason for the change in income taxes was due to a decline of income (loss) before taxes of 79.5 million in the current year period compared to the prior year period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of 93.7 million and an accumulated deficit of 245.1 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net loss of 43.1 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had available cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 119.9 million. 
 
 On April 30, 2024, we refinanced our Original Credit Facility, which had an outstanding principal balance of 70.9 million, with a new five-year senior secured credit facility 2024 Credit Facility consisting of a 75.0 million term loan and a 35.0 million revolving line of credit. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding term loan borrowings under our 2024 Credit Facility of 74.1 million. In addition, we had availability of 35.0 million under our new revolving line of credit as of September 30, 2024. We borrowed 15.0 million under the revolving line of credit on October 21, 2024. On October 22, 2024, we paid the full amount of the court ordered attorneys fees and costs in the Rimini II litigation, as discussed in Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 
 
 We have a choice of interest rates under the 2024 Credit Facility between (a) SOFR and (b) Base Rate, in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin remains the same as the Original Credit Facility and is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Facility) and whether we elect SOFR (ranging from 2.75 to 3.50 or a Base Rate (ranging from 1.75 to 2.5 ). Interest on the unused portion of the revolving credit line is at rates of between 25 to 40 basis points, depending on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. Annual minimum principal payments over the five-year term for the 2024 Credit Facility are 5 , 5 , 7.5 , 7.5 , and 10 , respectively, with the remaining balance due at the end of the original term. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio greater than 1.25, a total leverage ratio less than 3.75, and a minimum liquidity balance of at least 20 million in U.S. cash. We believe that we are in compliance with these financials covenants for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Please refer to Note 5 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for information regarding our 2024 Credit Facility. 
 
 A key component of our business model requires that substantially all clients prepay us annually for the services we will provide over the following year or longer. As a result, we typically collect cash from our clients in advance of when the related service costs are incurred, which resulted in deferred revenue of 202.3 million that is included in current liabilities as of September 30, 2024. Therefore, we believe that working capital deficit is not as meaningful in evaluating our liquidity since the costs of fulfilling our commitments to provide services to clients are currently limited to approximately 39 of the related deferred revenue based on our gross profit percentage of 61 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 32 

For the next year, assuming that our operations are not significantly impacted by rising inflation, continued interest rate changes, other global economic or geopolitical uncertainties, or the litigation matters as disclosed in Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, we believe that cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 119.9 million as of September 30, 2024, plus future cash flows from operating activities and our 2024 Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs including working capital requirements, planned capital expenditures and our contractual obligations. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including client growth, number of employees, expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced services offerings. We may also enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies, or intellectual property rights in the future. We may choose to seek additional debt or equity financing to support these long-term capital requirements. In an economic downturn, we may also be unable to raise capital through debt or equity financings on terms acceptable to us or at all. Covenants in our 2024 Credit Facility could also have consequences on our operations, including restricting or delaying our ability to obtain additional financing, potentially limiting our ability to adjust to rapidly changing market conditions or respond to business opportunities. Additionally, in challenging and uncertain economic environments, we cannot predict when macroeconomic uncertainty may arise, whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen or what impact such circumstances could have on our business and our liquidity requirements. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used cash flows in our operating activities of approximately 1.2 million, which was derived from a net loss of 42.9 million as well as adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash of approximately 0.8 million and a favorable change in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 41.0 million. 
 
 Cash Flows Summary 
 
 Presented below is a summary of our operating, investing and financing cash flows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (1,169) 13,613 Investing activities 7,128 (4,158) Financing activities 46 (5,120) 
 
 The effect of foreign currency translation changes was unfavorable by 1.9 million and 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, due to unfavorable foreign exchange impacts related to foreign cash. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we experienced a change in foreign currency exchange rates as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the majority of foreign currencies where we operate. The unfavorable foreign currency impact was primarily related to our foreign cash held in Japan and Brazil as those local currencies weakened against the U.S. dollar. 
 
 Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 
 
 As clients typically prepay us annually for the services which we will provide over the following year or longer, we typically collect cash in advance of the date when the vast majority of the related services are provided. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows used in operating activities amounted to approximately 1.2 million. The key drivers resulting in our cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included a net loss of 42.9 million and adjustments to reconcile a net loss to net cash totaling 0.8 million, as well as favorable changes in operating assets and liabilities of 41.0 million, resulting in net cash used in operating activities of 1.2 million. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, adjustments to reconcile a net loss to net cash consisted primarily of stock-based compensation expense of 7.1 million, amortization and accretion related to operating lease ROU assets of 3.4 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 2.7 million, accretion and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 0.6 million and an unfavorable change in deferred income taxes of 13.0 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the changes in operating assets and liabilities, net consisted of favorable changes to accounts receivable of 51.1 million, accrued liabilities of 48.3 million and deferred contract costs of 4.0 million. The favorable change to accounts receivable was a result of collecting 304.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which was offset by billings, net of 250.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, our days sales outstanding for 
 33 

accounts receivable was 115 days as of September 30, 2024. The favorable change related to accrued liabilities was primarily a result of recording an expense of 58.5 million related to the District Court ruling for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The favorable change in deferred contract costs was due to capitalizing 10.8 million of commissions and amortizing 14.8 million of deferred contract costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Offsetting these favorable changes were unfavorable changes to deferred revenue of 60.8 million, accounts payable of 1.4 million and prepaid expenses, deposits and other of 0.2 million. Regarding the use of cash for deferred revenue, it was due to recognizing 314.5 million in revenue for the current period, which was offset by recording billings, net of 250.9 million during the current period. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash flows provided by operating activities amounted to approximately 13.6 million. The key drivers resulting in our cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included net income of 16.7 million, as well as adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash totaling 21.4 million. These two items were offset, in part, by unfavorable changes in operating assets and liabilities of 24.5 million, resulting in net cash provided by operating activities of 13.6 million. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash consisted primarily of stock-based compensation expense of 9.1 million, amortization and accretion related to operating lease ROU assets of 3.3 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 2.0 million, accretion and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 0.7 million and deferred income taxes of 6.3 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the changes in operating assets and liabilities, net primarily consisted of favorable changes to accounts receivable of 54.1 million and deferred contract costs of 0.7 million. The favorable change to accounts receivable was a result of collecting 314.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to billings, net of 257.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a result, our days sales outstanding for accounts receivable was 101 days as of September 30, 2023. The favorable change in deferred contract costs was due to capitalizing 13.6 million of commissions and amortizing 14.3 million of deferred contract costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The favorable cash sources noted above were offset by unfavorable uses of cash related to changes to accrued liabilities of 14.7 million, deferred revenue of 57.7 million, accounts payable of 2.6 million and prepaid expenses, deposits and other assets of 4.3 million. The unfavorable use of cash for accrued liabilities was due to making payments of 2.5 million related to our reorganization plan, incurring incremental professional fee payments of 5.1 million, and paying incremental compensation related primarily to bonuses and commissions of 1.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The related use of cash for deferred revenue was due to recognizing 319.4 million of revenue during the period, which was offset by recording billings, net of 257.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by investing activities totaled 7.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and cash used in investing activities totaled 4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by proceeds from sales of short-term investments of 6.3 million and maturities of short-term investments of 10.9 million, offset by purchases of short-term investments of 7.5 million and capital expenditures of 2.7 million for leasehold improvements, software development costs, and computer equipment. The capital expenditures of 2.7 million consisted primarily of capitalized software development costs, new computer equipment, and furniture and fixtures in our U.S. entity of 2.0 million and 0.7 million for computer equipment at our foreign locations, primarily in Brazil of 0.2 million and in India of 0.3 million. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in investing activities of 4.2 million consisted of investment purchases of 24.1 million and capital expenditures of 3.7 million, which were offset by proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of 23.6 million. The capital expenditures of 3.7 million consisted primarily of new computer equipment and capitalized development costs in our U.S. entity of 2.3 million and for computer equipment at our foreign locations of 1.4 million, primarily in Brazil of 0.3 million and India of 0.9 million. 
 
 Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities of 46.0 thousand was attributable to proceeds received from the 2024 Credit Facility of 2.9 million, which were offset by principal payments related to the Original Credit Facility of 2.6 million and capital lease payments of 0.3 million. 
 
 34 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash utilized in financing activities of 5.1 million was attributable to principal payments related to the Original Credit Facility of 3.9 million, payments to repurchase shares of Common Stock totaling 1.0 million and capital lease payments of 0.2 million. These cash uses were offset by proceeds of 0.1 million received from stock option exercises. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiaries 
 
 Our foreign subsidiaries and branches are dependent on our U.S.-based parent for continued funding. We currently do not intend to repatriate any amounts that have been invested overseas back to the U.S.-based parent. However, we may still be liable for withholding taxes, state taxes, or other income taxes that might be incurred upon the repatriation of foreign earnings. We have not made any provision for additional income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 39.9 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. These items are monitored and analyzed for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in Part II, Item 8 of our 2023 Form 10-K, and we discuss our critical accounting policies and estimates in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2023 Form 10-K. Since the filing of our 2023 Form 10-K, there have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed therein. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. For additional information on recently issued accounting standards and our plans for adoption of those standards, please refer to the section titled Recent Accounting Pronouncements under Note 2 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The guidance requires disaggregating income tax disclosures relating to the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, though early adoption is permitted. We are assessing the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
 
 We believe that no other recently issued accounting standards will have a material impact on our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or apply to our operations. 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Brazilian Real, Australian Dollar, Indian Rupee and Japanese Yen. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we generated approximately 51 and 48 of our revenue from our international business, respectively. Increases in the relative value of the U.S. Dollar to other currencies may negatively affect our revenue, partially offset by a positive impact to operating expenses in other currencies as expressed in U.S. Dollars. We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain current asset and current liability balances, including intercompany receivables and payables, which are 
 35 

denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. While we have not engaged in the hedging of our foreign currency transactions to date, we evaluate the costs and benefits of entering into future hedge transaction for currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would have impacted our income (loss) before income taxes by a plus or minus of 3.3 million in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and would have impacted the effect of foreign currency changes on cash by a plus or minus 4.3 million in our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Risk with Respect to Investments 
 
 We hold cash and cash equivalents for working capital purposes. We do not have material exposure to market risk with respect to investments, as any investments we enter into are primarily highly liquid investments. 
 
 Variable Rate Debt 
 
 On April 30, 2024, we refinanced our Original Credit Facility, which had an outstanding principal balance of 70.9 million, with a new five-year senior secured credit facility 2024 Credit Facility consisting of a 75.0 million term loan and a 35.0 million revolving line of credit. For the term loan, we have a choice of interest rates between (a) SOFR and (b) a Base Rate (as defined in the 2024 Credit Facility), in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Facility) and whether we elect SOFR (ranging from 2.75 to 3.5 or Base Rate (ranging from 1.75 to 2.5 ). The revolving line of credit bears interest on the unused portion of the credit line at rates of 25 to 40 basis points, depending on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. 
 
 Accordingly, we are exposed to market risk due to variable interest rates based on SOFR. As of September 30, 2024, we had 74.1 million outstanding debt under the 2024 Credit Facility and no borrowings under the revolving line of credit. On October 21, 2024, we borrowed 15.0 million under the 2024 Credit Facility revolving line of credit. As of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical adverse change of 100 basis points in SOFR would have resulted in an increase of approximately 0.7 million in annual interest expense. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part I, Item 2 as well as Note 5 and Note 11 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for more information related to the 2024 Credit Facility. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to reasonably ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) Disclosure Controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We monitor our Disclosure Controls and make modifications as necessary; our intent in this regard is that the Disclosure Controls will be modified as systems change and conditions warrant. 
 36 

In connection with the preparation of this Report, as of September 30, 2024, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls was performed. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on this evaluation, they concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that 
 information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to reasonably ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The legal proceedings described in Note 8 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report are incorporated herein by reference. In addition, from time to time, we may be a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of judgment, defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Report are any of the risks described in this Item 1A. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. In addition, risk factors relating to economic uncertainties and downturns in the general economy or the industries in which our clients operate should be interpreted as heightened risks in the current macroeconomic global environment. 
 
 Our business operations are subject to a number of risk factors that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If any significant adverse developments resulting from these risk factors should occur, the trading price of our securities could decline, and moreover, investors in our securities could lose all or part of their investment in our securities. 
 
 You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements under the section titled Cautionary Note About Forward-Looking Statements set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part I, Item 2 of this Report. All forward-looking statements made by us are qualified by the risk factors described below. 
 
 The following is a summary of some of the principal risk factors which are more fully described below. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry 
 
 Since 2010, we and our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President have been involved in continuing litigation with Oracle. Adverse outcomes and future adverse outcomes in the ongoing litigation could result in the payment of substantial attorneys fees and/or costs and/or injunctions against certain of our business practices. 
 The Oracle software products that are part of our ongoing Rimini I Injunction compliance and that are the subject of the Rimini II litigation with Oracle and the Rimini II Injunction represent a significant portion of our current revenue. 
 Our ongoing litigation with Oracle presents challenges for maintaining and growing our business. 
 Oracle has a history of litigation against companies offering alternative support programs for Oracle products, and Oracle could pursue additional litigation with us. 
 Economic uncertainties, changes in economic conditions, including rising inflation, or downturns in the general economy or the industries in which our clients operate, may result in increased costs of operations, could 
 37 

disproportionately affect the demand for our products and services and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 The market for independent software support services is relatively undeveloped and may not grow. 
 We face significant competition the services comprising each component of our Solutions Portfolio. 
 We have had a history of losses and may not achieve revenue growth or profitability in the future. 
 If we are unable to attract new clients or retain and sell additional products or services to existing clients, our revenue growth could be adversely affected. 
 Our past revenue growth and financial performance are not indicative of future performance, and if our revenue continues to decline or fails to grow at a rate sufficient to offset expenses, we may not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods. 
 We may not be able to effectively manage efforts for future growth or execute such efforts successfully. 
 If our retention rates continue to decrease or we do not accurately predict retention rates, our future revenue and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions over the term of the relevant contract, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations. 
 Due to the variability of timing in our sales cycle, if we fail to forecast our revenue accurately, or if we fail to match our expenditures with corresponding revenue, our results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 Our future liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by the timing of new orders, the level of client renewals and cash receipts from clients. 
 The loss or disability of one or more key employees could harm our business. 
 The failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, including sales personnel, or to expand our marketing and sales capabilities could prevent us from executing our business strategy. 
 Our failure to generate significant capital through our operations or raise additional capital necessary to fund and expand our operations, invest in new services and products, and service our debt could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. 
 Our business may suffer if it is alleged or determined that our technology infringes others intellectual property rights. 
 Interruptions to or degraded performance of our services could result in client dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of clients, limited growth and reduction in revenue. 
 Interruptions or performance problems with SaaS technologies and related services from third parties that we use to operate critical functions of our business, including any deficiencies associated with generative artificial intelligence (AI) technologies potentially used by such third parties, may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our results of operations due to the sales cycles for our products and services, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. 
 We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. 
 We may not be able to scale our business systems quickly enough to meet our clients changing needs or decrease our costs adequately in response to changing client demand, and if we are not able to manage these changes efficiently, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 Because our long-term strategy involves further expansion of our sales to clients outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with global operations, including currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Consolidation in our target sales markets is continuing at a rapid pace, which could harm our business in the event that our clients are acquired and their agreements are terminated, or not renewed or extended. 
 If there is a widespread shift by clients or potential clients to enterprise software vendors, products and releases for which we do not provide software products or services, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely impacted. 
 Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication; if our data security measures are compromised or our services are perceived as not being secure, clients may curtail or cease their use of our services, our reputation may be harmed, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 We are subject to governmental and other legal obligations related to privacy and security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 If our products and services fail due to defects or other similar problems, and if we fail to correct any defect or other software problems, we could lose clients, become subject to service performance or warranty claims or incur significant costs. 
 If we are not able to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our Common Stock price. 
 If we fail to enhance and protect our brand, our ability to expand our client base will be impaired. 
 If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, experience reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 38 

We may be subject to additional obligations to collect and remit sales tax, VAT and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability, interest and/or penalties for past sales, which could adversely harm our business. 
 The amount of and ultimate realization of the benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes is dependent, in part, upon future events, the effects of which cannot be determined; if we are not able to use a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards, our profitability could be adversely affected. 
 We are a multinational organization, and we could be obligated to pay additional taxes in various jurisdictions. 
 Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by ESG matters and/or our reporting of such matters. 
 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness, Capitalization Matters and Corporate Governance 
 
 Our level of indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur may limit our operational and financing flexibility. 
 The terms of our 2024 Credit Facility impose operating and financial restrictions on us. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which, along with the phase-out of LIBOR and transition to SOFR, could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly. 
 The price of our Common Stock may be volatile and risk compliance with stock exchange requirements. 
 Any issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of remaining warrants will dilute existing stockholders and such issuances and/or any sales of Common Stock by large stockholders may depress the market price of our Common Stock. 
 Certain of our common stockholders can exercise significant control, which could limit our stockholders ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock. 
 Our stock repurchase program could affect the price of our Common Stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 The DGCL and our organizational documents contain provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 Our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders or employees could be limited by our choice of forum in our bylaws. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry 
 
 Risks Related to Litigation 
 
 We and our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Board and President have been involved in continuing litigation with Oracle since 2010. Adverse outcomes and future adverse outcomes in the ongoing litigation could result in the payment of substantial attorneys fees and/or costs and/or injunctions against certain of our business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 In January 2010, certain subsidiaries of Oracle Corporation (together with its subsidiaries individually and collectively, Oracle filed a lawsuit, Oracle USA, Inc. et al v. Rimini Street, Inc. et al (United States District Court for the District of Nevada) (the District Court ( Rimini I ), against us and our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Seth Ravin, alleging that certain of our processes (Process 1.0) violated Oracle s license agreements with its customers and that we committed acts of copyright infringement and violated other federal and state laws. The litigation involved our business processes and the manner in which we provided our services to our clients. 
 
 After completion of a jury trial in 2015 and subsequent appeals, the final outcome of Rimini I was that Mr. Ravin was found not liable for any claims and we were found liable for only one claim: innocent infringement, a jury finding that we did not know and had no reason to know that our former support processes were infringing. The jury also found that the infringement did not cause Oracle to suffer lost profits. We were ordered to pay a judgment of 124.4 million in 2016, which we promptly paid and then pursued appeals. With interest, attorneys fees and costs, the total judgment paid by us to Oracle after the completion of all appeals was approximately 89.9 million. A portion of such judgment was paid by our insurance carriers (for additional information on this topic, see Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report). 
 
 Since November 2018, we have been subject to a permanent injunction (the Rimini I Injunction prohibiting us from using certain support processes that had been found in Rimini I to innocently infringe certain Oracle copyrights. The Rimini I Injunction does not prohibit our provision of support services for any Oracle product lines, but rather defines the manner in which we can provide support services for certain Oracle product lines. 
 
 39 

In July 2020, Oracle filed a motion to show cause contending that we were in violation of the Rimini I Injunction, and we opposed this motion, disputing Oracle s claims. After completion of an evidentiary hearing in September 2021, findings and order by the District Court in January 2022 and a subsequent appeal by us to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals Court of Appeals ), the final outcome of the proceedings, which were resolved in October 2023 on remand to the District Court, was a finding that we had violated the Rimini I Injunction in four instances, entitling Oracle to 0.5 million in sanctions (representing a 0.1 million adjustment to the 0.6 million sanctions award originally paid by us to Oracle in January 2022). In addition, we complied with the District Court s January 2022 order to quarantine certain computer files and provide proof of such quarantining to Oracle. We were reimbursed 0.1 million by Oracle in November 2023 for the portion of the sanctions award that was reduced on appeal. 
 
 In its January 2022 findings and order, the District Court also ruled that Oracle could recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs relating to the Rimini I Injunction Proceedings. In December 2023, the District Court accepted a joint stipulation between us and Oracle (the Stipulation resolving the issue of Oracle s recovery of attorneys fees and costs upon our payment of approximately 9.7 million to Oracle. Also per the Stipulation, we agreed that we would forego any remaining appellate rights with respect to this matter. 
 
 As a result of the Stipulation and the subsequent payment by us of the amount described above, all matters relating to the Rimini I Injunction Proceedings have been resolved. At this time, we believe that we are in substantial compliance with the Rimini I Injunction. 
 
 In October 2014, we filed a separate lawsuit, Rimini Street Inc. v. Oracle Int l Corp. , in the District Court against Oracle seeking a declaratory judgment that our revised Process 2.0 support practices, in use since at least July 2014, did not infringe certain Oracle copyrights Rimini II ). Our operative complaint asserted declaratory judgment, tort, and statutory claims, including a request for injunctive relief against Oracle for unfair competition in violation of the California Unfair Competition Law. Oracle asserted counterclaims including copyright infringement claims, violations of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act DMCA and Lanham Act, breach of contract and business tort violations with respect to PeopleSoft and other Oracle-branded products, including J.D. Edwards, Siebel, Oracle Database and Oracle E-Business Suite EBS ). 
 
 In October 2022, Oracle withdrew all of its monetary damages claims against us and our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Mr. Ravin, in Rimini II and moved to proceed with a bench trial instead of a jury trial for its claims for equitable relief. 
 
 The District Court entered an order on October 24, 2022, dismissing with prejudice Oracle s claims in Rimini II for monetary relief of any kind under any legal theory[,] including but not limited to claims for damages, restitution, unjust enrichment, and engorgement. . . . In addition, Oracle s claims for breach of contract, inducing breach of contract and an accounting were dismissed with prejudice, meaning that the claims (including for monetary damages) were dismissed on their merits and the judgment rendered is final. Prior to the date of the District Court s order dismissing with prejudice all of Oracle s claims for monetary relief, no damages of any kind were awarded by the District Court in Rimini II. The parties each reserved the right to seek or object to any attorneys fees and/or costs to the extent permissible by law. 
 
 In July 2023, the District Court issued its findings of fact and conclusions of law in Rimini II, accompanied by a permanent injunction against us (the Rimini II Injunction which is subject to an administrative stay and is not currently effective. The District Court found infringement as to Oracle s PeopleSoft and Oracle Database products but did not find infringement as to Oracle s EBS, Siebel and J.D. Edwards products, further ordering that we were entitled to a declaration of non-infringement for Oracle s EBS product. The District Court also found in favor of Oracle on its DMCA and Lanham Act claims, enjoining us from making certain statements and prohibiting certain actions in connection with the manner of marketing, selling and providing services to clients of the Oracle products in question as further described below, and on indirect and vicarious copyright infringement claims against our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Mr. Ravin. The District Court denied our California Unfair Competition Law claim and other declaratory judgment claims. 
 
 In July 2023, we filed a notice of appeal in the District Court, commencing an appeal of the District Court s July 2023 Rimini II judgment and Injunction and filed an emergency motion with the District Court to stay enforcement of the Rimini II Injunction pending our appeal of the Rimini II judgment and Injunction. 
 
 In August 2023, the District Court issued an order denying our emergency motion to stay the Rimini II Injunction pending our appeal with the Court of Appeals and granting an administrative stay of the Rimini II Injunction pending the outcome of a motion to stay to be filed by us with the Court of Appeals. 
 
 40 

We have filed the separate motion to stay the Rimini II Injunction with the Court of Appeals, asserting that certain provisions of the Rimini II Injunction are vague and overbroad, that the District Court committed legal error, that certain provisions would require us to commit criminal acts to comply with its terms, and that the Rimini II Injunction would cause us and third parties irreparable harm, among other grounds. 
 
 In September 2023, the Court of Appeals issued an order holding our appeal of the District Court s decision in Rimini II in abeyance pending the District Court s resolution of a motion filed by Oracle in August 2023 to amend the Rimini II judgment regarding an update, technical specification and tool related to Oracle s EBS software product. The District Court denied Oracle s motion to amend on January 9, 2024. 
 
 On January 18, 2024, the Ninth Circuit issued an order lifting the stay of our appeal, and on June 5, 2024, a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit heard oral argument on our appeal. As of the date of this Report, a decision on our appeal remains pending. 
 
 Also as of the date of this Report, the Court of Appeals has not issued a decision on our motion to stay the Rimini II Injunction. Accordingly, the Rimini II Injunction, as issued by the District Court, is currently stayed by the District Court, meaning that it is not currently effective. The Rimini II Injunction is primarily directed at Oracle s PeopleSoft software product and, if effective, would limit, but not fully prohibit, the support services we can provide our clients using Oracle s PeopleSoft software product. Please refer to the section titled Recent Developments under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part I, Item 2 of this Report for information regarding our plans to wind down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products, as described above. 
 
 Among other things, the Rimini II Injunction requires us to immediately and permanently delete certain PeopleSoft software environments, files and updates identified in the Rimini II Injunction, as well as to delete and immediately and permanently discontinue use of certain Company-created automated tools. The Rimini II Injunction also prohibits using, distributing, copying, or making derivative works from certain files, and it prohibits the transfer or copying of PeopleSoft files, updates, and modifications, and portions of PeopleSoft software that are developed, tested, or exist in one client s systems to our systems or another client s systems. 
 
 The Rimini II Injunction also specifies that we shall not remove, alter or omit any Oracle copyright notices or other Oracle copyright management information from any file that contains an Oracle copyright notice and prohibits us from publicly making statements or statements substantially similar to those the District Court found to be false and misleading, which are listed in the Rimini II Injunction. 
 
 While we plan to continue to vigorously pursue a stay of the Rimini II Injunction pending appeal and our appeal of the Rimini II judgment and Injunction, we are unable to predict the timing or outcome of these matters. No assurance is or can be given that we will succeed in our efforts to stay the Rimini II Injunction in full or in part pending appeal or that we will prevail in all or part of our Rimini II appeal. 
 
 There were no monetary damages included in the District Court s judgment in Rimini II. 
 
 In November 2023, Oracle filed a motion with the District Court requesting attorneys fees and costs of approximately 70.6 million relating to the Rimini II litigation. We filed our opposition to Oracle s motion in February 2024. In our opposition, we argued that the District Court should deny Oracle s motion in its entirety. We further argued that, should the District Court award any attorneys fees to Oracle, such fees should not have exceeded 14.5 million. Following Oracle s filing of a reply brief in March 2024, the matter was under consideration for determination by the District Court. On September 23, 2024, the District Court issued its order on Oracle s motion for attorneys fees and costs, granting in part and denying in part the motion. The District Court awarded Oracle 58.2 million in attorneys fees and 0.3 million in costs. As of September 30, 2024, we accrued 58.5 million related to this matter and paid Oracle in full on October 22, 2024. On September 24, 2024, we filed a notice of appeal in the District Court, commencing an appeal of the District Court s award of attorneys fees and costs to Oracle. As of the date of this Report, our appeal remains pending. Our opening brief is due on January 21, 2025, and Oracle s answering brief is due February 20, 2025. Our optional reply brief is due 21 days after Oracle files its answering brief. 
 
 While we plan to continue to vigorously pursue our appeal of the District Court s award of attorneys fees and costs to Oracle in the Rimini II litigation, we are unable to predict the timing or outcome of this matter. No assurance is or can be given that we will prevail in the appeal. 
 
 If the Rimini II Injunction becomes effective in its current form, it would impact our delivery of PeopleSoft support services to clients in the future. However, the associated costs are not currently estimable and are required to be recorded when 
 41 

incurred. Accordingly, we have made no associated accrual as of September 30, 2024. Required changes to how support services are delivered to our PeopleSoft clients could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Further, we have commenced the process of winding down the offering of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products, which will take time to complete and which may not be permitted by the terms of the Rimini II injunction. The percentage of revenue derived from services we provide solely for Oracle s PeopleSoft software product was approximately 8 of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Oracle may file additional contempt motions against us at any time to attempt to enforce its interpretation of the Rimini I Injunction and/or the Rimini II Injunction or if it has reason to believe we are not in compliance with the express terms of the Rimini I Injunction and/or the Rimini II Injunction (if the stay is lifted). Such contempt proceedings or any judicial finding of contempt could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, the existence of the Rimini I Injunction, the Rimini II Injunction, the District Court s January 2022 order and/or the District Court s July 2023 order could dissuade clients from purchasing or continuing to purchase our services. If we are obligated to pay substantial civil assessments arising from any finding of contempt, this could reduce the amount of cash flows available to pay principal, interest, fees and other amounts due under our 2024 Credit Facility, which could result in an event of default, in which case the lenders could demand accelerated payment of principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and other fees. We cannot provide assurances that we will have sufficient assets which would allow us to repay such indebtedness in full at such time. As a result, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 We could be required to pay substantial attorneys fees and/or costs in connection with litigation relating to our current or past business activities and/or be enjoined from certain business practices. Any of these outcomes could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, and the pendency of the litigation alone could dissuade clients from purchasing or continuing to purchase our services. If we are enjoined from certain business practices, this could reduce the amount of cash flows available to pay principal, interest, fees and other amounts due under our 2024 Credit Facility, which could result in an event of default, in which case the lenders could demand accelerated payment of principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and other fees. If we default in our payment obligations under our 2024 Credit Facility and the indebtedness under our 2024 Credit Facility were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Our business has been and may continue to be materially harmed by this litigation and Oracle s conduct. During the course of these cases, we anticipate there may be additional rulings by the District Court and the Court of Appeals in Rimini II with respect to the 2023 Rimini II judgment and Injunction and the District Court s award of attorneys fees and costs and in connection with hearings, motions, decisions, and other matters, as well as other interim developments related to the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these rulings as negative, the market price of our Common Stock may continue to decline, which stock price volatility may result in other legal claims against us and potentially create risk of noncompliance with Nasdaq minimum trading price requirements. If current or prospective clients regard these rulings as negative, it could negatively impact our new client sales or renewal sales. 
 
 While we plan to continue to vigorously litigate the pending matters in our Rimini II appeal, we are unable to predict the timing or outcome of these matters. No assurance is or can be given that we will prevail on any appeal, claim, or counterclaim. 
 
 See the section titled Legal Proceedings in Part II, Item 1 and Note 8 to our Unaudited, Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for more information related to this litigation. 
 
 The Oracle software products that are part of our ongoing Rimini I Injunction compliance and that are the subject of the Rimini II litigation with Oracle and the Rimini II Injunction represent a significant portion of our current revenue. 
 
 The Rimini II Injunction currently limits, but does not fully prohibit, the support services we can provide clients using Oracle s PeopleSoft software product. The percentage of revenue derived from services we provide solely for Oracle s PeopleSoft software product was approximately 8 of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 63 of our total revenue was derived from services provided to our clients using Oracle software products. Although we provide support services for additional Oracle product lines that are not subject to the Rimini I Injunction or the Rimini II Injunction, as well as for software products provided by companies other than Oracle, our current revenue depends significantly on the product lines that are the subject of the Rimini I Injunction and Rimini II Injunction. Should the stay of the Rimini II Injunction be lifted, should our appeal in Rimini II fail or should any additional contempt proceeding on the Rimini I Injunction result in a final order holding us in contempt, implicating processes for which we have not previously modified the way we provide our support services, we could be required to change the way we provide support services to some of our clients, also potentially impacting our previously announced plans to wind down of the offering 
 42 

of services for Oracle PeopleSoft products, which could result in the loss of clients and revenue, and may also give rise to claims for compensation from our clients, and require us to incur additional costs in order to comply with a final Rimini II injunction, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ongoing litigation with Oracle presents challenges for maintaining and growing our business. 
 
 We have experienced challenges growing our business as a result of our ongoing litigation with Oracle. Many of our existing and prospective clients have expressed concerns regarding our ongoing litigation and, in some cases, have been subjected to various negative communications by Oracle in connection with the litigation. We have experienced in the past, and may continue to experience in the future, volatility and slowness in acquiring new clients, as well as clients not renewing their agreements with us, due to these challenges relating to our ongoing litigation with Oracle. Further, certain of our prospective and existing clients may be subject to additional negative communications from software vendors, which may result in a failure to renew the services performed by us or to engage us. We have taken steps to minimize disruptions to our existing and prospective clients regarding the litigation, but we continue to face challenges growing our business while the litigation remains ongoing. In certain cases, we have agreed to pay certain liquidated damages to our clients if we are no longer able to provide services to these clients, and/or reimburse our clients and our former lenders for their reasonable legal fees incurred in connection with any litigation-related subpoenas and depositions or to provide certain client indemnification or termination rights if any outcome of litigation results in our inability to continue providing any of the paid-for services. In addition, we believe the length of our sales cycle is longer than it otherwise would be due to prospective client diligence on possible effects of the Oracle litigation on our business. We cannot provide assurances that we will continue to overcome the challenges we face as a result of the litigation and continue to renew existing clients or secure new clients. 
 
 Additionally, the existence of this ongoing litigation, including the July 2023 District Court order, could negatively impact the value of our equity securities, and could negatively impact our ability to raise additional equity or debt financing, as well as result in other legal claims against us. 
 
 We are self-insured for any costs related to any current or future intellectual property litigation, although we maintain and have tendered our errors and omissions insurance coverage for the wrongful acts alleged in Oracle s Rimini I Injunction contempt proceeding to seek determinations of a duty to defend. We obtained a determination of a duty to defend with respect to our primary errors and omission insurance carrier. We cannot provide assurances that we will prevail on any similar claims that we may tender in the future. 
 
 While we currently believe our cash on hand, accounts receivable, contractually committed backlog and borrowing capacity under our 2024 Credit Facility provide us with liquidity to cover attorneys fees and related costs, such as travel, hotels, and consultants, associated with the ongoing litigation with Oracle, we cannot assure our liquidity will be sufficient. 
 
 Oracle has a history of litigation against companies offering alternative support programs for Oracle products, and Oracle could pursue additional litigation with us. 
 
 Oracle has been active in litigating against companies that have offered competing maintenance and support services for their products. For example, in March 2007, Oracle filed a lawsuit against SAP and its wholly-owned subsidiary, TomorrowNow, Inc. After a jury verdict awarding Oracle 1.3 billion, the parties stipulated to a final judgment of 306 million subject to appeal. After the appeal, the parties settled the case in November 2014 for 356.7 million. In February 2012, Oracle filed suit against ServiceKey, Inc. and settled the case in October 2013 after the District Court issued an injunction against ServiceKey and its CEO. Oracle also filed suit against CedarCrestone Corporation in September 2012 and settled the case in July 2013. TomorrowNow and CedarCrestone offered maintenance and support for Oracle software products, and Service Key offered maintenance and support for Oracle technology products. Given Oracle s history of litigation against companies offering alternative support programs for Oracle products, we can provide no assurance, regardless of the outcome of our current litigations with Oracle, that Oracle will not pursue additional litigation against us. Such additional litigation could be costly, distract our management team from running our business and reduce client interest and our sales revenue. 
 
 Other Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry 
 
 Economic uncertainties, changes in economic conditions, including rising inflation, or downturns in the general economy or the industries in which our clients operate, may result in increased costs of operations, could disproportionately affect the demand for our products and services and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 General worldwide economic conditions have experienced significant fluctuations in recent years, and market volatility and uncertainty remain widespread, with the expectation that inflation and other economic challenges will be 
 43 

exacerbated for an extended period. An inflationary environment may increase our and our clients cost of labor due to higher wages, as well as result in higher financing costs and/or higher supplier prices for both us and our clients. As a result, we and our clients may find it difficult to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. In addition, these conditions could cause our clients or prospective clients to reduce their IT budgets, which could decrease corporate spending on our products and services, resulting in delayed and lengthened sales cycles, a decrease in new client acquisition and loss of clients. Furthermore, during challenging economic times, our clients may face issues with their cash flows and in gaining timely access to sufficient credit or obtaining credit on reasonable terms, which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us, impact client renewal rates and adversely affect our revenue. In addition, further disruptions in the U.S. banking sector could impact certain of our clients ability to access their existing cash, which could also impair their ability to make timely payments to us, adversely affecting our revenue. If such conditions occur, we may be required to increase our reserves, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable, and our results of operations would be harmed. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown or recovery, whether global, regional or within specific markets. If the conditions of the general economy or markets in which we operate worsen, our business could be harmed. In addition, even if the overall economy improves, the market for our products and services may not experience growth. Moreover, multiple events, including changes in U.S. trade policies and responsive changes in policy by foreign jurisdictions, geopolitical developments, including the economic disruption continuing to be caused by the Israel-Hamas conflict, the Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022 and recent political and trade turmoil with China and elsewhere have increased levels of political and economic unpredictability globally, and may increase the volatility of global financial markets and the global and regional economies. 
 
 The market for independent software support services is relatively undeveloped and may not grow. 
 
 The market for independent enterprise software support services is still relatively undeveloped, has not yet achieved widespread acceptance and may not grow quickly or at all. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of companies to engage a third party such as us to provide software support services for their enterprise software. Many enterprise software licensees remain hesitant to use a third party to provide such support services, choosing instead to rely on support services provided by the enterprise software vendor. Other enterprise software licensees have invested substantial personnel, infrastructure and financial resources in their own organizations with respect to support of their licensed enterprise software products and may choose to self-support with their own internal resources instead of purchasing services from the enterprise software vendor or an independent provider such as ourselves. Particularly because our market is relatively undeveloped, we must address any potential clients concerns and explain the benefits of our approach to convince them of the value of our services. If companies are not sufficiently convinced that we can address their concerns and that the benefits of our services are compelling, then the market for our services may not develop as we anticipate, and our business will not grow. 
 
 We face significant competition for the services comprising each component of our Solutions Portfolio, from both enterprise software vendors and other companies offering independent enterprise software support, products and services, as well as from software licensees that attempt to self-support, which may harm our ability to add new clients, retain existing clients and grow our client base across all of our Solutions Portfolio offerings. 
 
 Our current and potential competitors across each component of our Solutions Portfolio, which include enterprise software vendors, may have significantly more financial, technical, sales and marketing teams and other resources than we have, may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services, may have more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships than we have and may have longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we have. Specifically, we face intense competition from enterprise software vendors, such as Oracle and SAP, who provide software support for their own products, as well as from other competitors who provide independent enterprise software support, products and services. Competitors, including enterprise software vendors, have offered, and may continue to offer, discounts to companies to whom we have marketed our services. In addition, competitors, including enterprise software vendors, may take other actions in an attempt to maintain their business, including changing the terms of their customer agreements, the functionality of their support, products or services, or their pricing terms. For example, starting in the second quarter of 2017 Oracle has prohibited us from accessing its support websites to download software updates on behalf of our clients who are authorized to do so and permitted to authorize a third party to do so on their behalf. In addition, the support, license or other contractual policies of our future and current competitors, including Oracle and SAP, may include clauses that penalize customers that choose to use our or any independent provider s services or products. Further, the contractual policies of enterprise software vendors, such as Oracle and SAP, may contain clauses that penalize customers that seek to return to the software vendor to purchase new licenses following a departure from the software vendor s support program. In addition, our current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future enterprise software support, products or services less competitive or obsolete. Finally, we also face competition from software licensees that choose to self-support. Competition could significantly impede our ability to sell our enterprise support, products and services on terms favorable to us, and we may need to decrease the prices for our support, 
 44 

products or services to remain competitive. If we are unable to maintain our current pricing due to competitive pressures, our margins will be reduced and our results of operations will be negatively affected. 
 
 There are also several smaller support services vendors in the independent enterprise software support services market with whom we compete with respect to certain of our support services. We expect competition to continue to increase in the future, particularly if we prevail in our appeal of the District Court s order and injunction in Rimini II, which could harm our ability to increase sales, maintain or increase renewals and maintain our prices. In addition, certain providers of independent enterprise software support, products and services may have or may develop more strategic relationships with enterprise software vendors, which may allow them to compete more effectively than us over the long term. To the extent any of our competitors have existing relationships with potential clients for any component of our Solutions Portfolio, those potential clients may be unwilling to purchase our services because of those existing relationships, which could cause the demand for our services to be substantially impacted. Further, our competitors may attempt to use the Oracle litigation and the existence of the Rimini I Injunction and the Rimini II Injunction described above under the section titled Risks Related to Litigation, to dissuade certain of our prospective or existing clients from purchasing or continuing to purchase any or all of the components of our Solutions Portfolio, including our enterprise software support services. 
 
 We have had a history of losses and may not achieve revenue growth or profitability in the future. Further, if we are unable to attract new clients or retain and/or sell additional products or services to our existing clients, our revenue growth could be adversely affected. 
 
 We recorded a net loss of 43.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and we had an accumulated deficit of 245.1 million as of September 30, 2024. We will need to generate and sustain increased revenue levels in future periods while managing our costs to be profitable, and, even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase our level of profitability. To increase our revenue, we must add new clients, secure renewals or service extensions by existing clients on terms favorable to us and sell additional products and services to existing clients. As competitors introduce low-cost and/or differentiated services that are perceived to compete with ours, or as enterprise software vendors introduce competitive pricing or additional products and services or implement other sales strategies to compete with us, our ability to sell to new clients and renew agreements with existing clients based on pricing, service levels, technology and functionality could be impaired. In addition, certain of our existing clients may choose to license a new or different version of enterprise software from an enterprise software vendor, and such clients license agreements with the enterprise software vendor will typically include a minimum one-year mandatory maintenance and support services agreement. In such cases, it is unlikely that these clients would renew their maintenance and support services agreements with us, at least during the early term of the license agreement. In addition, such existing clients could move to another enterprise software vendor, product or release for which we do not offer any products or services. As a result, we may be unable to renew or extend our agreements with existing clients or attract new clients or new business from existing clients on terms that would be favorable or comparable to prior periods, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue and growth. 
 
 Additionally, we intend to continue to expend significant funds to expand our sales and marketing operations, enhance our service offerings, expand into new markets, launch new product offerings and meet the compliance requirements associated with our operations as a public company. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses. Further, many companies with which we compete have larger and longer-tenured sales and marketing teams, which may impact the ability to grow our business, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue and growth. If we are unable to achieve and sustain revenue growth or profitability, the market price of our securities may significantly decrease. 
 
 Our past revenue growth and financial performance is not indicative of future performance. If our revenue continues to decline or fails to grow at a rate sufficient to offset expenses associated with efforts to grow, we may not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods. Additionally, we may not be able to effectively manage efforts for future growth or execute these efforts successfully. 
 
 While our revenue has generally grown over the last several years, it declined from 107.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 104.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, representing a period over period decrease of 3 . Our revenue for any previous quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as an indication of our revenue or revenue growth in the future. Further, efforts focused on future growth may not result in increased revenue. We believe growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: 
 
 price our products and services effectively so that we are able to attract new clients and retain existing clients without compromising our profitability; 
 introduce our products and services to new geographic markets; 
 45 

introduce new enterprise software products and services supporting additional enterprise software vendors, products and releases; 
 satisfactorily conclude any Oracle-related litigation and any other litigation or governmental inquiry that may occur; and 
 increase awareness of our company, products and services on a global basis. 
 
 We may not successfully accomplish all or any of these objectives. 
 
 In addition, efforts to encourage growth have placed and may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. Recent changes to our organizational structure and reductions in our workforce to align our operational needs with our ability to achieve and sustain profitability will necessitate adjustments to our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits, savings and improvements from the recent changes to our organizational structure and associated reductions in workforce if our revenue continues to decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Further, we believe that our corporate culture has been a critical component of our success. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team and nurturing our culture. However, efforts to encourage growth may make it difficult to maintain our corporate culture. For example, recent changes to our organizational structure and reductions in our workforce may yield unintended consequences, such as attrition beyond our intended reduction in workforce and reduced employee morale, which may cause our employees who were not affected by the reorganization to seek alternate employment. We will require the allocation of valuable management resources to manage our reorganizational efforts without undermining our corporate culture of rapid innovation, teamwork and attention to client service that has been central to our growth. Any failure to manage efforts to encourage growth and related organizational changes in a manner that preserves our culture could negatively impact the achievement of our business objectives and our ability to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods. 
 
 If our retention rates continue to decrease, or we do not accurately predict retention rates, our future revenue and results of operations may be harmed. 
 
 Our clients have no obligation to renew their product or service subscription agreements with us after the expiration of a non-cancelable agreement term. In addition, the majority of our multi-year, non-cancelable client agreements are not pre-paid other than the first year of the non-cancelable service period. We may not accurately predict retention rates for our clients. Our retention rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our clients decision to license a new product or release from an enterprise software vendor, our clients decision to move to another enterprise software vendor, product or release for which we do not offer products or services, global economic conditions, including rising inflation and interest rates on our clients businesses, client satisfaction with our products and services, the acquisition of our clients by other companies and clients going out of business. If our clients do not renew their agreements for our products and services or if our clients decrease the amount they spend with us, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer. In addition, certain of our existing clients may choose to license a new or different version of enterprise software from an enterprise software vendor, and such clients license agreements with the enterprise software vendor will typically include a minimum one-year mandatory maintenance and support services agreement. In such cases, it is unlikely that these clients would renew their maintenance and support services agreements with us, at least during the early term of the license agreement. In addition, such existing clients could move to another enterprise software vendor, product or release for which we do not offer any products or services. 
 
 Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions over the term of the relevant contract, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations. 
 
 As a subscription-based business, we recognize revenue over the service period of our contracts. As a result, much of our reported revenue each quarter results from contracts entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, while a shortfall in demand for our products and services or a decline in new or renewed contracts in any one quarter may not significantly reduce our revenue for that quarter, it could negatively affect our revenue in future quarters and full year periods. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in new sales, renewals or extensions of our service agreements for a quarter will not be reflected in full in our results of operations until future periods. Our revenue recognition model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new clients must be recognized over the applicable service contract term. 
 
 46 

Due to the variability of timing in our sales cycle, if we fail to forecast our revenue accurately, or if we fail to match our expenditures with corresponding revenue, our results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 
 The variability of the sales cycle for the evaluation and implementation of our products and services, which typically has been six to twelve months once a client is engaged, may cause us to experience a delay between increasing operating expenses for such sales efforts, and the generation of corresponding revenue. Accordingly, we may be unable to prepare accurate internal financial forecasts or replace anticipated revenue that we do not receive as a result of delays arising from these factors. As a result, our results of operations and liquidity in future reporting periods may be significantly below the expectations of the public market, securities analysts or investors, which could negatively impact the price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Our future liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by the timing of new orders, the level of client renewals and cash receipts from clients. 
 
 Due to the collection of cash from our clients before services are provided, our revenue is recognized over future periods when there are no corresponding cash receipts from such clients. Accordingly, our future liquidity depends upon the ability to continue to attract new clients and to enter into renewal arrangements with existing clients. If we experience a decline in orders from new clients or renewals from existing clients, our revenue may continue to increase while our liquidity and cash levels decline. Any such decline, however, will negatively affect our revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of declines in orders from new clients or renewals from existing clients may not be fully reflected in our results of operations and cash flows until future periods. Comparing our revenues and operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, as it may not be an indicator of the future sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity requirements. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance or liquidity. 
 
 We rely on our management team and other key employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, and the loss or disability of one or more key employees could harm our business. Additionally, the failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, including sales personnel, or to expand our marketing and sales capabilities could prevent us from executing our business strategy. 
 
 The loss of or a disability that would prevent our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President or any of our key senior members of management from substantially performing their duties could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, particularly if we are unable to hire and integrate suitable replacements on a timely basis. Mr. Ravin has been under long-standing medical care for kidney disease, which includes ongoing treatment. Although Mr. Ravin s condition has not adversely impacted his performance as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President or on the overall management of the Company, we can provide no assurance that his condition will not affect his ability to perform the role of Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President in the future. Further, as we continue to grow our business, we will continue to adjust our senior management team to best address our growth opportunities. If we are unable to attract or retain the right individuals for the team, it could hinder our ability to grow our business and could disrupt our operations or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our employees. 
 
 Furthermore, to execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel, including sales personnel. Our ability to increase our client base and achieve broader market acceptance of our services will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our marketing and sales operations. We plan to continue expanding our sales force globally. We are experiencing a very competitive recruiting environment, creating difficulty in hiring and retaining sufficient numbers of highly skilled sales personnel and other employees with appropriate qualifications. In particular, we have experienced extreme hiring competition in the San Francisco Bay Area, where we have a significant amount of operations, but also face extremely competitive hiring environments across the United States and the other countries in which we operate. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate and retain highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications may be compounded by intensified restrictions on travel, immigration, or the availability of work visas. Many companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources and less stock price volatility than we do. In making employment decisions, job candidates often consider the value of the equity incentives they are to receive in connection with their employment. If the price of our stock continues to experience significant volatility, our ability to attract or retain qualified employees will be adversely affected. In addition, as we continue to expand into new geographic markets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the required management, sales, marketing and support services personnel to profitably grow our business. If we fail to attract highly qualified new sales and other personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our growth prospects could be severely harmed. 
 
 47 

Moreover, our sales personnel typically take an average of between nine to twelve months before any new sales personnel can operate at the capacity typically expected of experienced sales personnel. This ramp cycle, combined with our typical six- to twelve-month sales cycle for engaged prospects, means that we will not immediately recognize a return on this investment in our sales results. In addition, the cost to acquire clients is high due to the cost of these marketing and sales efforts. Further, the cost of marketing and sales efforts will likely increase as we continue to offer new products and services, as even our experienced sales personnel will need to receive specialized training on our new offerings. Our business may be materially harmed if our efforts do not generate a corresponding increase in revenue. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 
 Our failure to generate significant capital through our operations or raise additional capital necessary to fund and expand our operations, invest in new services and products, and service our debt could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. 
 
 We may need to incur additional debt under our 2024 Credit Facility and/or raise additional capital beyond what is available under our 2024 Credit Facility if we cannot fund future growth or service our debt through our operating cash flows. Should this occur, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or additional equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are also subject to certain restrictions for future financings as discussed in the risk factor The terms of our 2024 Credit Facility impose operating and financial restrictions on us. If we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the value of our Common Stock could decline. If we engage in additional debt financings, the holders of the debt securities or lenders would have priority over the holders of our Common Stock. We may also be required to accept terms that further restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, take other actions that would adversely impact the short-term price of our Common Stock, or force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition and reduce the value of our Common Stock. 
 
 Our business may suffer if it is alleged or determined that our technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others. 
 
 The software industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual and proprietary rights. Companies in the software industry are often required to defend against claims and litigation alleging infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Many of our competitors and other industry participants have been issued patents and/or have filed patent applications and may assert patent or other intellectual property rights within the industry. Our ongoing litigation with Oracle relates in part to copyright infringement claims and, from time to time, we may receive threatening letters or notices alleging infringement or may be the subject of claims that our services and underlying technology infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others. Further, while we generally prohibit the use of generative artificial intelligence (AI) technologies by our employees and currently do not use generative AI technologies in our products or service offerings, the unauthorized use of generative AI technologies by our employees may result in allegations or claims against us related to violations of third-party intellectual property rights, unauthorized access to or use of proprietary information and/or failure to comply with the terms of third-party licensing agreements. Any allegation of infringement, whether innocent or intentional, can adversely impact marketing, sales and our reputation. 
 
 Interruptions to or degraded performance of our service could result in client dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of clients, limited growth and reduction in revenue. 
 
 Our software support agreements with our clients generally guarantee a 10-minute response time with respect to certain high-priority issues. If we do not meet the 10-minute guarantee, our clients may in some instances be entitled to liquidated damages, service credits or refunds. To date, no such payments have been made. 
 
 We also deliver tax, legal and regulatory updates to our clients. If there are inaccuracies in these updates, or if we are not able to deliver them on a timely basis to our clients, our reputation may be damaged, and we could be found liable for damages to our clients and potentially lose clients. 
 
 Any interruptions or delays in our service, whether as a result of third-party error, our own error, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, security breaches or a result of any other issues, whether accidental or willful, could harm our relationships with clients and cause our revenue to decrease and our expenses to increase. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. These factors, in turn, could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability, cause us to pay liquidated damages, issue credits or cause clients not to renew their agreements with us, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 48 

We depend and rely on SaaS technologies and related services from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies or services, including any deficiencies associated with generative artificial intelligence (AI) technologies potentially used by such third parties, may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We depend and rely on software-as-a-service, or SaaS, technologies and related services from third parties to operate critical functions of our business, including billing and order management, financial accounting services, and client relationship management services. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions, security vulnerabilities, or cyber-attacks, because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or due to other unforeseen circumstances, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage these critical functions could be interrupted, and our processes for and ability to manage sales of our products, recognize revenue, and support our clients could be impaired, all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Further, our third-party vendors and service providers may use generative artificial intelligence (AI) technologies or systems, and ineffective or inadequate generative AI development or deployment practices by such third-party vendors and service providers could result in unintended consequences such as reputational damage, legal liabilities or loss of user confidence or business. The algorithms and models used in generative AI technologies and systems may have limitations, including biases, errors, or inability to handle certain data types or scenarios. In addition, there is a risk of system failures, disruptions or vulnerabilities that could compromise the integrity, security or privacy of the generated content, including the use of cyberattacks against emerging technologies, such as forms of generative AI. 
 
 We may experience fluctuations in our results of operations due to the sales cycles for our products and services, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. 
 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including seasonality linked to certain of the sales cycles for our products and services. Historically, our sales cycle has been tied to the renewal dates for our clients existing and prior vendor support agreements for the products that we support. Because our clients make support vendor selection decisions in conjunction with the renewal of their existing support agreements with Oracle and SAP, among other enterprise software vendors, we have experienced an increase in business activity during the quarterly periods in which those agreements are up for renewal. However, because we have introduced and intend to continue to introduce products and services for additional software products that do not follow the same renewal timeline or pattern, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Also, if we are unable to engage a potential client before its renewal date for software support services in a particular year, it will likely be at least another year before we would have the opportunity to engage that potential client again, given that such potential client likely had to renew or extend its existing support agreement for at least an additional year s worth of service with its existing support provider. Furthermore, our existing clients generally renew their agreements with us at or near the end of each calendar year, so we have also experienced and expect to continue to experience heavier renewal rates in the fourth quarter. 
 
 We may not be able to accurately forecast the amount and mix of future product and service subscriptions, revenue and expenses, and as a result, our results of operations may fall below our estimates or the expectations of securities analysts and investors. If our revenue or results of operations fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, or below any guidance we may provide, the price of our Common Stock could decline. 
 
 We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. 
 
 We currently offer our clients support services for a fee that is equal to a percentage of the annual fees charged by the enterprise software vendor; therefore, changes in such vendors fee structures would impact the fees we would receive from our clients. If the enterprise software vendors offer deep discounts on certain services or lower prices generally, we may need to change our pricing models, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our other product and service offerings, such as our Rimini ONE integrated services, have pricing models that use a variety of different metrics and formulas as compared to our support solutions. To the extent that we do not have substantial experience with pricing such new products and services, we may need to adjust our pricing models for these offerings over time to ensure that we remain competitive and realize a return on our investment in developing these new products and services. If we do not adapt our pricing models as necessary or appropriate, our revenue could decrease and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to scale our business systems quickly enough to meet our clients changing needs or decrease our costs adequately in response to changing client demand, and if we are not able to manage these changes efficiently, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 49 

As enterprise software products become more advanced and complex, we will need to devote additional resources to innovating, improving and expanding our offerings to provide relevant products and services to our clients using these more advanced and complex products. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our global operations and client engagement teams to serve the changing needs of our client base, particularly as our client demographics expand over time. Any such expansion may be expensive and complex, requiring financial investments, management time and attention. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could adversely affect the quality or success of our services and negatively impact client satisfaction, resulting in potential decreased sales to new clients and possibly lower renewal rates by existing clients. Furthermore, changes in client demand or changes in our product offerings resulting from external events outside of our control, including the Rimini II litigation and the Rimini II Injunction, could require us to alter the scale of our business, including, among other things, implementing additional workforce reductions. 
 
 We could face inefficiencies or operational failures as a result of our efforts to scale our infrastructure for any such changes needed for our clients' changing needs or changes in our business. There can be no assurance that any expansion and improvements to our infrastructure and systems or reduction in the scale of our business or workforce will be fully or effectively implemented within budgets or on a timely basis, if at all. Any failure to efficiently scale our business could result in reduced revenue and increased expenditures and adversely impact our operating margins and results of operations. 
 
 Because our long-term strategy involves further expansion of our sales to clients outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with global operations, including currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
 A significant component of our long-term strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and client base outside the United States. We currently have subsidiaries outside of the United States in Australia, Brazil, Canada, UAE (Dubai), France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Singapore, Sweden, Taiwan and the United Kingdom, which focus primarily on selling our services in those regions. 
 
 In the future, we may expand to other locations outside of the United States. Our current global operations and future initiatives will involve a variety of risks, including among others: 
 
 changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions; 
 the occurrence of catastrophic events, including natural disasters, that may disrupt our business; 
 changes in regulatory requirements, taxes or trade laws or the imposition of trade sanctions; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into currency exchange rate hedging transactions; 
 more stringent regulations relating to data security, such as where and how data can be housed, accessed and used, and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information; 
 differing labor regulations, especially in countries and geographies where labor laws are more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations; 
 challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs as well as hire and retain local management, sales, marketing and support personnel, along with the ability to recapture costs to open up new geographies; 
 difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems and regulatory systems; 
 increased logistics, travel, real estate, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with global operations; 
 limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general preferences for local vendors; 
 limited or insufficient intellectual property protection; 
 war, political instability or terrorist activities, including geopolitical actions specific to an international region, such as the ongoing geopolitical conflict between Israel and Hamas; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and 
 adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash. 
 
 Our exposure in operating our business globally with the risks noted above and the unique challenges of each new geography increase the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our global operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 50 

Consolidation in our target sales markets is continuing at a rapid pace, which could harm our business in the event that our clients are acquired and their agreements are terminated, or not renewed or extended. 
 
 Consolidation among companies in our target sales markets has been robust in recent years, and this continuing trend poses a risk for us. If such consolidation rates continue, we expect that some of the acquiring companies will terminate, renegotiate and elect not to renew our agreements with the clients they acquire, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 If there is a widespread shift by clients or potential clients to enterprise software vendors, products and releases for which we do not provide software products or services, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our current revenue is primarily derived from the provision of support services for Oracle and SAP enterprise software products. If other enterprise software vendors, products and releases emerge to take substantial market share from current Oracle and SAP products and releases we support, and we are unable to, or do not, offer products or services for such vendors, products or releases, demand for our products and services may decline or our products and services may become obsolete. Developing new products and services to address different emerging enterprise software vendors, products and releases could take a substantial investment of time and financial resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful. If fewer clients use enterprise software products for which we provide products and services, and we are not able to provide services for new vendors, products and releases, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 We continue to invest resources in research and development to enhance our current product and service offerings, and other new offerings that will appeal to clients and potential clients, for example, our partnership with Salesforce to support SaaS solutions, our Application Management Services (AMS) for SAP and Oracle products and our Rimini ONE integrated services. The development of new product and service offerings may not generate sufficient revenue to offset the increased research and development expenses and may not generate gross profit margins consistent with our current margins. Also, our new product and service offerings may be in markets that are more competitive than markets for our existing product and service offerings, making it more difficult to introduce them to clients and potential clients effectively or provide them profitably. 
 
 If our new or modified products, services or technology do not work as intended, are not responsive to client needs or industry or regulatory changes, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity, or are not effectively brought to market, we may lose existing and prospective clients or related opportunities, in which case our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted, and if we are not successful in implementing any new product and service offerings, we may need to write off the value of our investment in such offerings. 
 
 Cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication; if our data security measures are compromised or unauthorized access to or misuse of client data occurs, our services may be perceived as not being secure, clients may curtail or cease their use of our services, our reputation and our business may be harmed, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Our services sometimes involve accessing, processing, sharing, using, storing and transmitting proprietary information and protected data of our clients. We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring, as well as other processes, to provide security for accessing, processing, sharing, using, storing and transmitting such information and data. If our security measures are compromised as a result of third-party action, employee, vendor or client error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business and our clients may be harmed, and we could incur significant liabilities. Cyberattacks continue to increase in frequency and in magnitude generally, and these threats are being driven by a variety of sources, including nation-state sponsored espionage and hacking activities, industrial espionage, organized crime, sophisticated organizations and hacking groups and individuals. Furthermore, due to tensions related to the ongoing geopolitical conflicts such as between Russia and Ukraine, the risk of cyber-attacks may be elevated. We have been the subject of cybersecurity threats and expect such threats to continue in the future. In addition, if the security measures of our clients are compromised, even without any actual compromise of our own systems or security measures, we may face negative publicity or reputational harm if our clients or anyone else incorrectly attributes the blame for such security breaches to us, our products and services, or our systems. We may also be responsible for repairing any damage caused to our clients systems that we support, and we may not be able to make such repairs in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 We may be unable to fully anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and generally are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our client base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to 
 51 

compromise our systems or security measures or gain unauthorized access to our clients proprietary information and protected data as was the case in a 2021 successful phishing incident where we were a victim, which resulted in some unauthorized sharing of client addresses and outstanding billing data information, but did not significantly impact our business or client relationships. 
 
 Although we attempt to identify, mitigate and manage these risks by employing a number of measures, including insurance, monitoring of our systems and networks, employee training and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products and services remain potentially vulnerable to increasingly sophisticated advanced persistent threats that may have a material effect on our business. In addition, the devotion of additional resources to the security of our information technology systems in the future could significantly increase the cost of doing business or otherwise adversely impact our financial results. 
 
 Furthermore, information systems require constant updates to their security policies, networks, software and hardware systems to reduce the risk of unauthorized access, malicious destruction of data or information theft. We rely on third-party service providers' systems and software to provide our software support, products and services. The failure of any third-party service providers to efficiently and correctly update their software and hardware systems or maintain cybersecurity could result in operational inefficiencies and subject us to expend additional resources and costs which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 
 
 In addition, many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data, and some of our clients contractually require notification of any data security compromise. In the event of a data security compromise, we may have difficulty timely complying with notification requirements that are unreasonably short or burdensome. SEC rules and potential other applicable legislative action will require public disclosure of material security compromises experienced by our clients, by our competitors or by us, which may lead to widespread negative publicity. Any data security compromise in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode client confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to elect not to renew their agreements with us, or subject us to third party lawsuits, government investigations, regulatory fines or other action or liability, all or any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We cannot provide assurances that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts for a security breach would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Further, certain of our contracts do not contain limitations of liability specific to security breaches, which could expose us to significant liabilities or damages, all or any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more claims, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of substantial deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to governmental and other legal obligations related to privacy and security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 
 As an expanding global company, we are subject to the laws and regulations of numerous jurisdictions worldwide regarding accessing, processing, sharing, using, storing, transmitting, disclosure and protection of personal data, the scope of which are constantly changing, subject to differing interpretation and related to jurisdictions where we have operations, clients, or where we conduct marketing, and such laws may be inconsistent between countries or in conflict with other laws, legal obligations or industry standards. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union creates a broad range of requirements and imposes substantial penalties for non-compliance, including possible fines of up to 4 of global annual revenue for the preceding financial year or 20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious infringements. We are also subject to certain requirements in other international jurisdictions with or developing strong privacy and security legislation, as well as expanding U.S. state law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2021, the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act of 2021, as well as privacy and security legislation in other states, including Nevada, each of which add to the range of privacy- and security-related compliance requirements. We generally comply with industry standards and strive to comply with all applicable legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection and security, but it is possible that these laws and other legal obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with industry standards or our practices or may be mandated at a pace that exceeds our ability to comply. Compliance with such requirements 
 52 

may be costly and may require us to modify our business practices, which could adversely affect our business and profitability. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with these laws, policies or other obligations may result in governmental enforcement actions or litigation against us, with potential consequences such as fines and other expenses related to such governmental actions, an order requiring that we change our data practices or business practices, and could cause our clients to lose trust in us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, the unauthorized use of generative artificial intelligence (AI) technology by our workforce may pose potential risks relating to the protection of data, including cybersecurity risk, exposure of our and our clients proprietary confidential information to unauthorized recipients and the misuse of our or third-party intellectual property. 
 
 If our products and services fail due to defects or similar problems, and if we fail to correct any defect or other software problems, we could lose clients, become subject to service performance or warranty claims or incur significant costs. 
 
 Our products and services and the systems infrastructure necessary for the successful delivery of our products and services to clients are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors unknown to us. We have from time to time found defects in our products and services after delivery to our customers and may discover additional defects in the future. In particular, we have developed our own tools and processes to deliver comprehensive tax, legal and regulatory updates tailored for each client, which we endeavor to deliver to our clients in a shorter timeframe than our competitors, which may result in an increased risk of material defects or errors occurring. We may not be able to detect and correct all defects or errors before clients begin to use our products and services, as some may be unknown. Consequently, defects or errors may be discovered after our products and services are provided and used. These defects or errors could also cause inaccuracies in the data we collect and process for our clients, or even the loss, damage or inadvertent release of such confidential data. Even if we are able to implement fixes or corrections to our tax, legal and regulatory updates in a timely manner, any history of defects or inaccuracies in the data we collect for our clients, or the loss, damage or inadvertent release of such confidential data could cause our reputation to be harmed, and clients may elect not to renew, extend or expand their agreements with us and subject us to service performance credits, warranty or other claims or increased insurance costs. The costs associated with any material defects or errors in our products and services or other performance problems may be substantial and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are not able to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, current and potential investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our Common Stock price. 
 
 We have had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the past as described in our historical periodic reports filed with the SEC. We remediated the material weaknesses; however, we cannot provide assurance that material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. 
 
 We are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to and report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an attestation and an unqualified report as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could result in a decrease in the value of our securities. For further information regarding our controls and procedures, see Controls and Procedures in Part I, Item 4 of this Report. 
 
 If we fail to enhance and protect our brand, our ability to expand our client base will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer. 
 
 We believe that our development and protection of the Rimini Street brand is critical to achieving widespread awareness of our products and services, and as a result, is important to attracting new clients and maintaining existing clients. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to provide reliable products and services at competitive prices, as well as the outcome of our ongoing litigation with Oracle. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote, maintain and protect our brand, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 53 

If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, experience reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, upon protecting our proprietary products, services, knowledge, software tools and processes. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Any of our copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret rights or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy or use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. In addition, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. To the extent we expand our global activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our brand, processes and software tools may increase. 
 
 We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances. No assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our proprietary intellectual property. Further, these agreements may not prevent our competitors from independently developing products and services that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products and services. 
 
 Although we have been successful in the past, there can be no assurance that we will receive any additional patent protection for our proprietary software tools and processes. Even if we were to receive patent protection, those patent rights could be invalidated at a later date. Furthermore, any such patent rights may not adequately protect our processes, our software tools or prevent others from designing around our patent claims. 
 
 To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our products, processes and software tools against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our products and services, impair the functionality of our products and services, delay introductions of new products and services, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our products and services, or injure our reputation. 
 
 We may be subject to additional obligations to collect and remit sales tax, VAT and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability, interest and/or penalties for past sales, which could adversely harm our business. 
 
 State, local and foreign jurisdictions have differing and complex rules and regulations governing sales, use, value-added and other taxes, and these rules and regulations can be subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. In particular, the applicability of such taxes to our products and services in various jurisdictions is unclear. Further, these jurisdictions rules regarding tax nexus are complex and can vary significantly. As a result, we could face the possibility of tax assessments and audits, and our liability for these taxes and associated interest and penalties could exceed our original estimates. Should these jurisdictions determine that we should be collecting additional sales, use, value-added or other taxes, it could result in substantial tax liabilities and related penalties for past sales, discourage clients from purchasing our products and services or otherwise harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 The amount of and ultimate realization of the benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes is dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, our future earnings, and other future events, the effects of which cannot be determined; if we are not able to use a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards, our profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have United States federal and state net operating loss carryforwards due to prior period losses, which could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes in any taxable year may be limited if we experience an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of our 
 54 

stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws in the United States. While our ownership changes to date have not triggered any limitations under Section 382, it is possible that any future ownership changes or issuances of our capital stock, could have a material effect on the use of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 We are a multinational organization faced with increasingly complex tax issues in many jurisdictions, and we could be obligated to pay additional taxes in various jurisdictions. 
 
 As a multinational organization, we may be subject to taxation in several jurisdictions worldwide with increasingly complex tax laws, the application of which can be uncertain. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. As such, our results may differ from previous estimates and may materially affect our financial position. 
 
 The amount of taxes we pay in jurisdictions in which we operate could increase substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations. In addition, the authorities in these jurisdictions could review our tax returns and impose additional tax, interest and penalties, and the authorities could claim that various withholding requirements apply to us or our subsidiaries or assert that benefits of tax treaties are not available to us or our subsidiaries, any of which could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by ESG matters and/or our reporting of such matters. 
 
 There is an increasing focus from regulators, including U.S. state attorneys general, certain investors, certain clients, the communities in which we operate and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, both in the United States and internationally. These stakeholders may have differing priorities and expectations regarding ESG matters. In particular, certain of our clients or potential clients might require that we implement specified ESG procedures or standards in order to do business or continue to do business with them. In addition, proxy advisory firms and certain institutional investors who manage investments in public companies are increasingly integrating ESG factors into their investment analysis. The specific consideration of ESG factors in making business, investment and voting decisions is unsettled and still developing. In addition, recent judicial decisions, federal and state legislative actions and actions of private interest groups have challenged certain ESG policies and practices. Accordingly, the frameworks and methods for assessing ESG policies are not fully developed, likely vary across our various stakeholders and will likely continue to evolve over time. 
 
 Moreover, the subjective nature of methods used by our various stakeholders to assess a company with respect to ESG criteria could result in erroneous perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual ESG policies and practices. In addition, we could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various ESG practices and associated legal, legislative and regulatory requirements. To the extent that our required and voluntary disclosures about ESG matters increase, we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such disclosures. If we fail to comply with specific ESG-related client/potential client or investor expectations and standards, or to provide the disclosure relating to ESG issues that any third parties may believe is necessary or appropriate (regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so), our reputation, business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as the price of our common stock, could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness and Securities 
 
 Our level of indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur may limit our operational and financing flexibility and negatively impact our business. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, our outstanding indebtedness under our 2024 Credit Facility and finance leases totaled 73.2 million. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our 2024 Credit Facility and other debt instruments we may enter into in the future may significantly impact our business, including the following among others: 
 
 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes may be impaired; 
 our requirement to use a significant portion of our cash flows from operations to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, which will reduce the funds available to us for operations and other purposes; 
 55 

our level of indebtedness could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have proportionately less debt; 
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate may be limited; and 
 our level of indebtedness may make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business. 
 
 We expect to depend primarily on cash generated by our operations for funds to pay our expenses and any amounts due under our 2024 Credit Facility and any other indebtedness we may incur. Our ability to make these payments depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which we cannot control, including inflation and global economic conditions. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and we may not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods, either or both of which could result in our being unable to repay indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. If we do not generate adequate resources, we may be required to refinance all or part of our then existing debt, sell assets or borrow more money, in each case on terms that may not be acceptable to us. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements, including our existing 2024 Credit Facility, may restrict us from adopting some or any of these alternatives. Our inability to incur additional debt in the future could also delay or prevent a change in control of our Company, make some transactions more difficult and impose additional financial or other covenants on us. In addition, any significant levels of indebtedness in the future could make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business. Our current indebtedness and any inability to pay our debt obligations as they come due or an inability to incur additional debt could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 The terms of our 2024 Credit Facility impose operating and financial restrictions on us. 
 
 Our 2024 Credit Facility contains certain restrictions and covenants that generally limit our ability to, among other things, create liens on assets, sell assets, engage in mergers or consolidations, make loans or investments, incur additional indebtedness, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, incur certain material ERISA or pension liabilities and pay dividends or repurchase capital stock and in each case, subject to certain exceptions set forth in our 2024 Credit Facility. Our 2024 Credit Facility may limit our ability to engage in these types of transactions even if we believe that a specific transaction would contribute to our future growth or improve our operating results. Further, we are required under our 2024 Credit Facility to achieve specified financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios, including as a condition to accessing additional amounts available for borrowing. As of September 30, 2024 and on the date of filing this Report, we were in compliance with each of these financial covenants. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. A breach of any of these financial covenants or our inability to comply with required financial ratios in our 2024 Credit Facility could result in a default under the 2024 Credit Facility in which case the lenders would have the right to declare all borrowings, which includes any principal amount outstanding, together with all accrued, unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, to be immediately due and payable. If we are unable to repay all borrowings when due, whether at maturity or if declared due and payable following a default, the lenders would have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to secure the indebtedness. If we breach these covenants or fail to comply with other terms of the 2024 Credit Facility and the lenders accelerate the amounts outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. Additionally, we may need to refinance our 2024 Credit Facility at maturity or upon default, and future financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which, along with the previous phase-out of LIBOR and transition to SOFR, could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly. 
 
 As a result of market interest rate fluctuations, interest rates under our 2024 Credit Facility or other variable rate indebtedness we may incur in the future could be higher or lower than current levels. As interest rates increase, our debt service obligations under our 2024 Credit Facility may increase even though the amounts borrowed remain the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. We have entered into an interest rate swap agreement that involves the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to partially reduce interest rate volatility under our 2024 Credit Facility. However, we currently do not maintain interest rate swap agreements with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any interest rate swap agreements we enter into in the future may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 
 Our 2024 Credit Facility gives us a choice of interest rates between (a) SOFR and (b) a Base Rate, in each case plus an applicable margin and as further defined in the 2024 Credit Facility. The applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Facility) and whether we elect SOFR (ranging from 2.75 to 3.50 or Base Rate (ranging from 1.75 to 2.50 ). SOFR is a relatively new reference rate, and its composition and characteristics are not the same 
 56 

as LIBOR, which was the initial reference rate (through February 2023) under our Original Credit Facility. SOFR is calculated based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. As such, SOFR is observed and backward looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR under the previous methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting bank panel members. Given SOFR s limited history, the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on historical performance, and there is no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have performed at any time or that it is a comparable substitute for LIBOR. In the long term, transitioning to SOFR could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The price of our Common Stock may be volatile, any issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of remaining warrants will dilute existing stockholders and such issuances and/or any sales of Common Stock by large stockholders may depress the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 The price of our Common Stock may fluctuate due to various factors enumerated in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Report. Additional factors impacting the price of our Common Stock could include: 
 
 the failure of securities analysts to publish research about us, or shortfalls in our results of operations compared to levels forecast by securities analysts; 
 any delisting of our Common Stock from Nasdaq Global Market due to any failure to meet listing requirements, including the minimum trading price requirements as a result of our stock price volatility, particularly since the July 2023 District Court order in the Rimini II litigation, which is currently stayed; and 
 the general state of securities markets. 
 
 These factors may materially reduce the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. Additionally, we have registered for resale the shares of Common Stock of certain of our significant holders of our Common Stock, including our largest stockholder, Adams Street Partners, LLC. Any sale of large amounts of our Common Stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions could have the effect of increasing the volatility and putting significant downward pressure on the price of our Common Stock. Also, the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of warrants that remain outstanding and exercisable may result in immediate dilution to the equity interests of our existing common stockholders and might result in dilution in the tangible net book value of a share of Common Stock, depending upon the price at which the additional shares are issued. We may also seek to engage in further capital optimization transactions in the future, the result of which could trigger some dilution or have other impacts on the market price of our Common Stock and not achieve an improved capital structure. Any issuance of equity we may undertake in the future to raise additional capital could cause the price of our Common Stock to decline or require us to issue shares at a price that is lower than that paid by holders of our Common Stock in the past, which would result in those newly issued shares being dilutive. 
 
 Certain of our common stockholders can exercise significant control, which could limit our stockholders ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 
 
 Based on the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024, two of our stockholders have aggregate voting power of 38.0 of our outstanding capital stock. As of September 30, 2024, (i) approximately 25.9 of our outstanding voting capital stock is held by Adams Street Partners LLC and certain Adams Street fund limited partnerships and (ii) approximately 12.0 of our outstanding voting capital stock is beneficially owned by our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President. Our directors and officers or persons affiliated with our directors and officers have aggregate voting power of approximately 39.7 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 As a result, these stockholders, acting together, have significant influence over all matters that require approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. Corporate action might be taken even if other stockholders oppose the action being taken. This concentration of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 
 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock and, consequently, the ability to achieve a return on investment in our Common Stock will depend on appreciation in the price of our Common Stock. 
 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date. The payment of any cash dividends on our Common Stock will depend upon our revenue, earnings, cash flow and financial condition from time to time. The payment of any dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and is also limited under the terms of our 2024 Credit Facility. Our ability to declare dividends on our Common Stock may also be limited by the terms of future financing and other agreements entered into by us from time to time. It is presently expected that we will retain all earnings for use in our business operations 
 57 

and, accordingly, it is not expected that our Board of Directors will declare any dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the success of an investment in shares of our Common Stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that shares of our Common Stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 
 Our stock repurchase program could affect the price of our Common Stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized a 50.0 million stock repurchase program. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not acquire any shares of Common Stock. Repurchases pursuant to any such stock repurchase program could affect our Common Stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our Common Stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our Common Stock. Such repurchase program will not obligate us to repurchase any further specific dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock within that authorization and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. The timing and actual number of further shares repurchased under any such stock repurchase program depends on a variety of factors including the timing of open trading windows, price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other market conditions. Further, the provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 impose an excise tax of 1 tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022, net of certain adjustments for issuances of incentive and other equity. The impact of this provision will depend on the extent of share repurchases and qualified reductions for issuances made in future periods. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our Common Stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of Common Stock. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Corporate Governance 
 
 The DGCL and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and corporate governance policies contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors and therefore depress the trading price of our Common Stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management and corporate governance policies and practices. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions regarding: 
 
 a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock, and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of our directors and officers; 
 the exclusive right of our Board of Directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 
 the requirement that directors may only be removed from our Board of Directors for cause; 
 a prohibition on common stockholder action by written consent, which forces common stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our Board of Directors, the chairperson of our Board of Directors, our chief executive officer or our president (in the absence of a chief executive officer), which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of Board of Directors and stockholder meetings; 
 the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or 
 58 

special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our Board of Directors and also may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to amend the bylaws, which may allow our Board of Directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in our Board of Directors and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our Board of Directors or management and corporate governance policies. 
 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which may prohibit certain stockholders holding 15 or more of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us for a specified period of time. 
 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or DGCL that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 
 
 Our bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders or employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers or other employees; 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or employees arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the Court of Chancery. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 Future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships or alliances could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our services, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not the acquisitions are completed. If we acquire businesses, we may not be able to integrate successfully the acquired personnel, operations and technologies, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular target or obtain adequate financing to complete such acquisitions. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 59 

The commercial insurance market is changing rapidly in response to rising insurance losses and claims, changes in available insurance capacity and adverse worldwide economic conditions, uncertainties, and risks, which may lead to higher premium costs, higher policy deductibles, self-insured retentions, and/or lower coverage limits, potentially impacting our ability to continue our present limits of insurance coverage, obtain sufficient insurance capacity to adequately insure our risks or maintain adequate insurance at a reasonable cost. 
 
 Commercial insurance availability and coverage terms, including deductibles, self-insured retentions and pricing, continue to vary with market conditions. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks to which we are exposed and is adequate and customary for our current global operations, we have observed rapidly changing conditions in the insurance markets relating to nearly all areas of traditional corporate insurance, resulting in higher premium costs, rising policy deductibles/self-insured retentions and lower coverage limits. If these changes continue, we may not be able to continue our present limits of insurance coverage, obtain sufficient insurance capacity to adequately insure our risks and/or obtain and maintain adequate insurance at a reasonable cost. Our insurance policies cover a number of risks and potential liabilities, such as general liability, property coverage , errors and omissions liability, employment liability, business interruptions, cybersecurity liability, crime, and directors and officers liability. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim or become insolvent. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage , the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases, decreases in coverage and the imposition of large deductible, self-insured retentions, or co- insurance requirements, or the insolvency of any of our insurers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 
 
 We rely heavily on our network infrastructure and information technology systems for our business operations. A disruption or failure of these systems in the event of an online attack, earthquake, fire, terrorist attack, geopolitical instability such as the conflicts between Israel and Hamas, war, power loss, telecommunications failure, extreme weather conditions (such as hurricanes, wildfires or floods) or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, delays in accessing our service, reputational harm, loss of critical data or could prevent us from providing our products and services to our clients. In addition, several of our employee groups reside in areas particularly susceptible to earthquakes, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and Japan, and a major earthquake or other catastrophic event could affect our employees, who may not be able to access our systems, or otherwise continue to provide our services to our clients. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of our data centers, or our network infrastructure or information technology systems, or access to our systems could affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the emergence or spread of a pandemic or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over and response to the possibility of such an emergency) could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our operations could harm our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to regulation by various global governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, import/export controls, securities laws and tax laws and regulations. For example, transfer of certain software outside of the United States or to certain persons is regulated by export controls. 
 
 In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties or injunctions and may result in our inability to provide certain products and services. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, or if clients make claims against us for compensation for such non-compliance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed, and responding to any such type of action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 
 Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our Common Stock. 
 
 Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for us. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not meet the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us 
 60 

downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, our share price or trading volume could decline. If no additional analysts commence coverage of us, the market price and volume for our common shares could be adversely affected. 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 There were no repurchases of our Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408, except as described below. 
 
 The Company s RSU and PSU notice and award agreements provide that, upon the settlement of awards subject to such agreements, such number of shares of Company Common Stock as the Company determines appropriate to satisfy associated minimum statutory tax withholding obligations shall automatically be sold on the awardee s behalf, with the sale proceeds remitted to the appropriate taxing authorities. This provision may constitute a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). Certain of our executive officers have elected to automatically sell such number of shares of Company Common Stock as to generate cash proceeds in excess of the amount needed to satisfy associated minimum statutory tax withholding obligations (at an identified rate) upon settlement of future RSU and/or PSU awards , with all sale proceeds remitted to appropriate taxing authorities . 
 
 Seth A. Ravin Amended and Restated Employment Agreement 
 
 On October 29, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment and restatement of the employment agreement of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President, Mr. Ravin (the Amended Employment Agreement ), which will replace Mr. Ravin s prior Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of January 6, 2017, as previously amended. 
 
 Under the Amended Employment Agreement, among other revisions, Mr. Ravin s indemnification and advancement rights have been enhanced in certain respects, including that he will be indemnified by the Company for expenses he incurs to comply with an order or equitable relief issued by a court or arbitral body in a proceeding, particularly as relates to Specified Litigation (as defined in the Amended Employment Agreement) between the Company and Oracle. Additionally, the Company will indemnify Mr. Ravin for expenses arising from a proceeding initiated by Mr. Ravin against the Company, if approved by the Company s Board of Directors prior to its initiation or if relating to or arising out of Specified Litigation and reasonable expenses he incurs in a proceeding he initiates against the Company in good faith for purposes of enforcing his rights under the Amended Employment Agreement or his indemnification agreement where is successful on the particular issue, claim or proceeding. 
 
 In addition, under the Amended Employment Agreement, the definition of Cause has been adjusted to clarify and refine the definition of conduct that will constitute Cause for the Company to terminate Mr. Ravin s employment without providing severance, including by requiring that certain breaches or conduct by Mr. Ravin be material or have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, introducing a 30-day cure period for certain actions, and increasing the period during which Mr. Ravin may cure a material breach of the Amended Employment Agreement from 15 days to 30 days. Additionally, the definition of Good Reason under the Amended Employment Agreement has been expanded so that Mr. Ravin may resign for Good Reason and qualify for severance upon any reduction in his base pay or target bonus opportunity, other than where the same level of reduction applies to other executive officers. 
 
 61 

Mr. Ravin must comply with restrictive covenants that have been reinstated by means of the Amended Employment Agreement, as such covenants had previously expired. Under such restrictive covenants which survive for a five year period following the date of the Amended Employment Agreement, both during his employment with the Company and for two years thereafter, Mr. Ravin must not engage in or be involved in any way with a competitive business and must not induce or attempt to induce any customer, employee, consultant or other business relation to cease doing business with or providing services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such business relation and the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 The Amended Employment Agreement also reflects previously approved market-based adjustments to Mr. Ravin s base salary 500,000) and target annual non-equity incentive compensation 500,000) effective as of May 1, 2024. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Amended Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 62 

ITEM 6. Exhibits. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-37397 3.1 October 16, 2017 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment Dated June 6, 2024 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-37397 3.1 June 7, 2024 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 10-Q 001-37397 3.2 November 1, 2023 10.1 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated October 29, 2024 by and between Rimini Street, Inc. and Seth A. Ravin 
 31.1 
 Certification of Seth A. Ravin, Chief Executive Officer and President, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 31.2 
 Certification of Michael L. Perica, Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 32.1 
 Certification of Seth A. Ravin, Chief Executive Officer and President, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 
 Certification of Michael L. Perica, Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ____________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Previously filed and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

63 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 RIMINI STREET, INC. Date: October 30, 2024 
 /s/ Seth A. Ravin Name: Seth A. Ravin Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: October 30, 2024 
 /s/ Michael L. Perica Name: Michael L. Perica Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 64 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ravin-amendedandrestatedem.htm
 RAVIN - AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 RIMINI STREET, INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH SETH A. RAVIN 
 This Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into as of October 29, 2024 (the Effective Date by and between Rimini Street, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Seth A. Ravin Executive ). 
 WHEREAS , the Company and Executive entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement as of January 6, 2017, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated June 3, 2020 and the Second Amendment dated April 1, 2023 (as amended, the Employment Agreement 
 WHEREAS , the Company and Executive entered into an Indemnification Agreement dated as of October 10, 2017 (as amended or restated, the Indemnification Agreement ), Section 14 of which provides that indemnification rights provided thereunder are non-exclusive, and may not limit any other rights Executive may have under law, governing instrument or any other agreement 
 WHEREAS , the Board of Directors (the Board ), including the Compensation Committee, of the Company and Executive wish to amend and restate the Employment Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and covenants contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows 
 1. Duties and Scope of Employment . 
 (a) Positions and Duties . Executive will serve as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, reporting to the Board. Executive will render such business and professional services in the performance of Executive s duties as will reasonably be assigned to Executive by the Board consistent with Executive s position within the Company. The period Executive is employed by the Company under this Agreement is referred to herein as the Employment Term . 
 (b) Obligations . During the Employment Term, Executive will devote Executive s full business efforts to the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation, or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Board (which approval will not be unreasonably withheld) provided , however , that Executive may, without the approval of the Board, serve (i) as a compensated director of the Board or one or more additional boards of directors and (ii) in any capacity with any civic, educational, or charitable organization provided that, in both (i) and (ii) above, such service does not interfere with Executive s obligations to the Company. 
 2. Employment . Executive and the Company acknowledge that this employment relationship may be terminated at any time, upon written notice to the other party, with or 

without Good Reason or for any or no Cause, at the option either of the Company or Executive. However, as described in this Agreement, Executive may be entitled to severance benefits depending upon the circumstances of Executive s termination of employment. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Effective Date, the Company will pay Executive an annualized base salary of not less than 500,000 USD (five hundred thousand United States dollars) as compensation for Executive s services (Executive s annual salary, as is then effective, to be referred to herein as Base Salary ). The Base Salary will be paid periodically in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual, required withholdings. Periodically, but not less than annually, the Board (or its committee) will review and consider adjustments to the Base Salary in an amount to be determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Annualized Incentive Bonus . In an amount to be determined by the Board in its sole discretion, pursuant to the terms of bonus program for executive officers, including Executive, as in effect from time to time (the Bonus Program ), Executive will be eligible to receive an annualized target performance bonus of not less than 500,000 USD (five hundred thousand United States dollars) or the amount of Base Salary, whichever amount is greater (the Target Bonus ). Seventy-five percent (75 of such bonus, if any, may be earned quarterly and paid within ninety (90) days following the end of the calendar quarter, and twenty-five percent (25 may be earned for completing a calendar year and paid within seventy-five (75) days after the end of the calendar year for which the bonus is earned, subject to the Bonus Program. Periodically, but not less than annually, the Board (or its committee) will review and consider adjustments to the Target Bonus, subject to Executive substantially performing Executive s tasks during the prior period and Board approval. 
 (c) Equity Grants . The Board has granted Executive equity awards for specified equity amounts that are based on Executive s performance during the prior annual period and his achievement of certain targets. As determined in an amount by the Board in its sole discretion and subject to Executive s substantial performance and Board approval, Executive will be eligible to receive additional equity awards. 
 4. Employee Benefits . 
 (a) Executive will be eligible to participate in accordance with the terms of all Company employee benefit plans, policies and arrangements that are applicable to other executive officers of the Company, as such plans, policies and arrangements may exist from time to time. 
 (b) In addition to the Employee Benefits provided to Executive under Section 4(a) above, upon Executive s death or Disability, Company shall pay to Executive or Executive s beneficiary, as the case may be, (i) one hundred percent (100 of Executive s then outstanding unvested equity awards granted pursuant to the Company s 2007 Stock Plan, 2013 Equity Incentive Plan or any other equity incentive plan approved by the Board, which shall vest as of the date of such termination of employment due to death or Disability (ii) (y) Disability 
 -2- 

payments in an amount equal to twenty-four 24) months of Executive s Base Salary and Target Bonus in the form of salary continuation following Executive s termination of employment due to Disability in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices (such amount being referred to herein as the Disability Benefits or (z) a lump sum death benefit that is equal to two times (2x) Executive s Base Salary and Target Bonus payable to Executive s spouse domestic partner, or to his estate in the absence of a spouse domestic partner within sixty (60) days of Executive s date of death (such amount being referred to herein as the Death Benefits and (iii) reimbursement for premiums paid for the group health continuation coverage premiums for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA so as to provide Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner the same level of benefits to the same extent as in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment due to death or Disability through the lesser of (A) twenty-four (24) months from the date of such termination or (B) the date Executive and all of Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner are no longer eligible to receive continuation coverage pursuant under COBRA provided , however , that Executive or the Executive s eligible dependents or domestic partner will be solely responsible for electing such coverage within the required time periods. In the event that the date on which Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner are no longer eligible to receive continuation coverage under COBRA is less than twenty-four (24) months from the effective date of such termination, and the loss of eligibility for COBRA is not due to coverage under another employer s medical plan, the Company shall promptly pay to the Executive in one lump sum cash payment the cost of medical benefits for similarly situated active employees of the Company for the balance of the twenty-four (24) month period. Executive must provide Company with written notice of Executive s new position within ten (10) business days of starting any such position. In the event that Disability Benefits or Death Benefits are payable to Executive or his beneficiary under this Section 4(b), such benefits shall be reduced on a dollar for dollar basis for any disability benefits or death benefits that are paid to Executive or his beneficiary from any life insurance or disability policies, whether group or individual, for which the employer has paid all of the premiums. 
 5. Expenses . The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment and other expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of the performance of Executive s duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. All reimbursement expenses must be incurred while Executive is an employee of the Company. If any portion of such reimbursements is taxable to Executive, Executive must submit proper receipts for such reimbursement within thirty (30) days of the date on which he incurs such expense and the Company will reimburse Executive for such expenses within thirty (30) days of the date proper receipts are received. In the event Executive recognizes income for income tax purposes as a result of the Company s payment of certain expenses pursuant to this Section 5, regardless of whether such income is received during or after his employment, the Company shall make a tax gross-up payment to the Executive based on the additional tax liability that he incurs by reason of his recognition of such income. 
 6. Termination of Employment . In the event Executive s employment with the Company terminates for any reason, Executive will be entitled to any (a) unpaid Base Salary accrued up to the effective date of termination (b) unpaid annual incentive bonus if earned and accrued under the Bonus Program for a completed prior performance period as of Executive s 
 -3- 

termination of employment, (c) pay for accrued but unused vacation that the Company is legally obligated to pay Executive (d) benefits or compensation as provided under the terms of any employee benefit and compensation agreements or plans applicable to Executive (e) reimbursement of any unreimbursed business expenses and (f) rights to indemnification Executive has hereunder or under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the Company s Bylaws (the Bylaws ), the Agreement, separate indemnification agreement, or under law, as applicable. In addition, if the termination is by the Company without Cause or the Executive resigns for Good Reason, Executive will be entitled to the amounts and benefits specified in Section 7. 
 7. Severance . 
 (a) Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated either by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then (i) one hundred percent (100 of Executive s then outstanding unvested equity awards granted pursuant to the Company s 2007 Stock Plan, 2013 Equity Incentive Plan or any other equity incentive plan approved by the Board shall vest as of the date of such termination (ii) the Company will pay Executive severance benefits in an amount equal to twenty-four (24) months of Executive s Base Salary and Target Bonus in the form of salary continuation following Executive s termination of employment in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and (iii) the Company will reimburse Executive for all premiums paid for group health continuation coverage for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner under COBRA so as to provide Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner with the same level of benefits to the same extent as in effect on the date of Executive s termination through the lesser of (A) twenty-four (24) months from the effective date of such termination or (B) the date Executive and all of Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner are no longer eligible to receive continuation coverage under COBRA provided , however , that Executive will be solely responsible for electing such coverage within the required time period. In the event that the date on which Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner are no longer eligible to receive continuation coverage under COBRA is less than twenty-four (24) months from the effective date of such termination, and the loss of eligibility for COBRA is not due to coverage under another employer s medical plan, the Company shall promptly pay to the Executive in one lump sum cash payment the cost of medical benefits for similarly situated active employees of the Company for the balance of the twenty-four (24) month period. Executive must provide the Company with written notice of Executive s new position within ten (10) business days of starting any such position. 
 (b) Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change of Control . If Executive s employment is terminated either by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason within twenty-four (24) months following a Change of Control, then (i) one hundred percent (100 of Executive s then outstanding unvested equity awards granted pursuant to the Company s 2007 Stock Plan, 2013 Equity Incentive Plan or any other equity incentive plan approved by the Board shall vest as of the date of such termination (ii) the Company will pay Executive severance benefits in an amount equal to two times (2x) Executive s Base Salary and Target Bonus in the form of one lump sum payment within sixty (60) days following the termination of Executive s employment 
 -4- 

and (iii) the Company will pay Executive the total of twenty-four (24) monthly premiums for group health continuation coverage for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner under COBRA so as to provide Executive and Executive s eligible dependents and domestic partner with the same level of benefits to the same extent as in effect on the date of Executive s termination, determined at the cost for COBRA coverage on the date of Executive s termination and paid in the form of one lump sum payment within sixty (60) days following such termination date provided , however , that Executive will be solely responsible for electing such coverage within the required time period. Any benefits or payments provided under this Section 7(b) are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits or payments that otherwise might be payable under Section 7(a). 
 (c) Voluntary Termination Without Good Reason or Termination for Cause . If Executive s employment is terminated by Executive without Good Reason or for Cause by the Company, then except as provided in Section 6, (i) all further vesting of Executive s outstanding equity awards will terminate as of the date of Executive s termination (ii) the Company will stop paying Executive wages and (iii) Executive will be eligible for severance benefits only in accordance with the Company s then established plans, programs and practices. 
 8. Conditions to the Receipt of Severance Payments . Except in the event of termination due to death, Executive s entitlement to any severance benefits and other consideration hereunder is conditioned upon (i) Executive s execution and delivery to the Company of the general release of claims attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release which Release is not revoked by Executive provided that such Release becomes effective no later than sixty (60) days following the termination date (such deadline, the Release Deadline and (ii) Executive s resignation from Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (a) If the Release does not become effective by the Release Deadline, Executive shall forfeit any rights to severance and other consideration under this Agreement. In no event shall such severance payments or consideration be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable. Any severance payments or consideration under this Agreement that are Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits (as defined in Section 24) shall be paid on, or, in the case of installments, shall not commence until, the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s separation from service, or, if later, such time as required by Section 24. Except as required by Section 24, any installment payments that would have been made to Executive during the sixty (60) day period immediately following Executive s separation from service but for the preceding sentence shall be paid to Executive on the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s separation from service and the remaining payments shall be made as provided in this Agreement. 
 (b) Unless specifically provided in this Agreement or as otherwise required by Section 24, the Company shall pay any severance payments in continuing payments following Executive s termination date in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. If Executive should die before all of the severance amounts have been paid, such unpaid amounts shall be paid in a lump-sum payment promptly following such event to Executive s designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to the personal representative of Executive s estate. 
 -5- 

9. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Non-Competition . Executive covenants and agrees that during his employment with Company and for a period of two (2) years after the termination of his employment (but in no case beyond October 29, 2029) for any reason whatsoever (unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing), Executive will not directly or indirectly, engage in or be involved in any way with a competitive business. Competitive business, as used in this Agreement, includes any business or activity, wherever conducted, which is engaged in providing subscription-based enterprise software support services, including maintenance and support programs for enterprise software. 
 (b) Non-Solicitation . Executive agrees that during his employment with Company and for a period of two (2) years following the termination of his employment (but in no case beyond October 29, 2029) under this Agreement for any reason whatsoever (unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing), Executive will not, directly or indirectly, induce or attempt to induce any customer, employee, consultant or other business relation to cease doing business with or providing services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such business relation and the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 (c) Reasonableness of Scope and Duration . The parties hereto agree that the covenants and agreements set forth in this Section 9 are reasonable in their time, territory and scope, and they intend that they be enforced, and no party shall raise any objection to the reasonableness of the time, territory or scope of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce such covenants. If Company fails to make any payment(s) under the terms of this Agreement, and such default is not cured within fifteen (15) days following a notice of default to the Company, then the Executive may terminate this Agreement and will be released from Executive s obligations under this Section 9. 
 (d) Acknowledgment of Executive . Executive represents and warrants that the knowledge, skills and abilities he currently possesses and or possessed prior to employment are sufficient to permit him, in the event of the termination of his employment hereunder for any reason, to earn a livelihood satisfactory to himself without violating any provision of this Agreement, for example, by using such knowledge, skills and abilities, or some of them, in the service of a noncompetitor of the Company. 
 (e) Enforcement . In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the provisions of this Section 9, the Company will be authorized and entitled to obtain, from any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, an injunction restraining Executive from such breach and from rendering any services to any person, firm, or entity in breach of this Section 9. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedies available to it for a breach or threatened breach of this Section 9. 
 (f) Modification . In the event any provision of Section 9 is held to be an unreasonable restriction upon Executive, an arbitrator or court so holding may reduce the geography to which it pertains and or the period of time in which it operates, or order any other change to the extent necessary to render such provision enforceable. 
 -6- 

(g) Condition Precedent . Compliance with the provisions of Section 9 of this Agreement is a condition precedent to the Company s obligation to make payments of any nature to Executive, except as provided in Sections 6 and 12. For the avoidance of doubt, there is no condition precedent to Executive s entitlement to indemnification as provided in Section 12 herein, except as set forth in Section 12. 
 10. Limitation on Payments . In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and (ii) but for this Section 10, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s severance benefits under Section 7 will be either 
 (a) delivered in full, or 
 (b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such severance benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of severance benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such severance benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 10 will be made in writing by the Company s independent public accountants immediately prior to a Change of Control (the Accountants ), whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 10, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive will furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 10. The Company will bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 10. Any reduction in payments and or benefits required by this Section 10 shall occur in the following order (1) reduction of cash payments (2) reduction of vesting acceleration of equity awards and (3) reduction of other benefits paid or provided to Executive. In the event that acceleration of vesting of equity awards is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant for Executive s equity awards. If two or more equity awards are granted on the same date, each award will be reduced on a pro-rata basis. 
 11. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below 
 (a) Cause . Cause will mean 
 (i) Executive s failure to perform the duties and responsibilities of Executive s position after there has been delivered to Executive a written demand for performance from the Board which describes the basis for the Board s belief that Executive has not substantially performed Executive s duties and provides Executive with thirty (30) days to 
 -7- 

take corrective action 
 (ii) Any act of gross negligence or willful misconduct (such as bribery, unlawful harassment, violation of Company ethics policy and other actions of misconduct of similar significance) taken by Executive in connection with Executive s employment with the Company, and provided that in the case of gross negligence such act had a material adverse effect on the Company s business, which act is not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days following Executive s receipt of written notice of such act from the Board 
 (iii) Any act of moral turpitude consisting of fraud or embezzlement that has a material adverse effect on the Company s business which act is not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days following Executive s receipt of written notice of such act from the Board 
 (iv) Executive s conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony (other than minor traffic-related offenses) 
 (v) Executive s conviction for a criminal violation of state or federal securities laws or 
 (vi) Any material breach by Executive of any material obligation set forth in this Agreement which is not cured within thirty (30) days following Executive s receipt of written notice of such breach from the Board. 
 (b) Change of Control . Change of Control will mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (i) Change in Ownership of the Company . A change in the ownership of the Company, which is deemed to occur on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, except that any financing of the Company that is approved by the Board will not be considered a Change of Control or 
 (ii) Change in Effective Control of the Company . A change in the effective control of the Company, which is deemed to occur on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election was not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change of Control or 
 (iii) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Company s Assets . A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, which is deemed to occur on the date that any Person acquires (either is one transaction or in multiple transactions over the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets 
 -8- 

of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of the above sections, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. The foregoing provisions of this definition, a transaction will not be deemed a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if (i) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (c) Disability . Disability means that Executive is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. In the event that there is no accident and health plan covering employees of the Company at the time that Executive becomes Disabled, Disability shall mean that Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 
 (d) Good Reason . Good Reason means Executive s resignation from employment within ninety (90) days following the expiration of any cure period (as discussed below) following the occurrence of any of the following, without Executive s express written consent 
 (i) The assignment to Executive of any duties, authority or responsibilities, or the reduction of Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities, either of which results in a material reduction of Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities, relative to Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction 
 (ii) A reduction by the Company in Executive s Base Salary or Target Bonus opportunity as in effect immediately prior to such reduction other than pursuant to a reduction of at least the same percentage that also is applied to all other Section 16 executive officers of the Company at the same time 
 (iii) A material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services (in other words, the relocation of Executive to a facility or location more than fifty (50) miles from Executive s then present location) or 
 (iv) Any other action or inaction by the Company that constitutes a 
 -9- 

material breach of the terms of the Agreement. 
 Executive shall not resign for Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice within thirty (30) days of the event that Executive believe constitutes Good Reason specifically identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason and providing a reasonable cure period of thirty (30) days. 
 (e) Proceeding . Proceeding will mean any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, hearing or proceeding, preliminary, information or formal, of any type whatsoever, or claim, demand, action issue or matter therein, whether brought in the right of the Company, a Subsidiary or otherwise (but not if or as initiated, whether in a complaint, counterclaim or crossclaim, by Executive against the Company or its directors, officers, employees, agents or other indemnitees except as approved by the Company s Board of Directors prior to its initiation or if arising from or related to the Specified Litigation), and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, including any appeal therefrom, and including without limitation any such Proceeding pending as of the Effective Date, in which Executive was, is or will be involved as a party, a potential party, a non-party witness or otherwise by reason of (i) the fact or assertion that Executive is or was a director or officer or employee (but not in any matter involving Executive as a stockholder) of the Company or of a Subsidiary or (ii) the fact or assertion that Executive is or was serving at the request of the Company or of a Subsidiary as a director, trustee, general partner, managing member, officer, employee, agent, deemed fiduciary or fiduciary (but not as a stockholder) of the Company, a Subsidiary or any other enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time indemnification or advancement of expenses are sought by Executive. 
 (f) Specified Litigation . Specified Litigation means Oracle USA, Inc. v. Rimini Street, Inc., Case No.2 10-cv-00106-LRH-VCF (D. Nev.) Oracle Int'l Corp. v. Rimini Street, Inc., Case No. 2 14-cv-01699-MMD-DJA (D. Nev.) and any appeals, divisions, enforcement proceedings, cross-claims relating thereto and all other proceedings involving Oracle and or its affiliates arising from the same facts and circumstances underlying such cases. 
 (g) Subsidiary . Subsidiary means any entity of which more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding voting securities is owned directly or indirectly by the Company. 
 12. Indemnification . Subject to applicable law, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive if Executive is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding. Such indemnification shall include all Expenses (as defined in the Indemnification Agreement), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with such Proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by this Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or applicable law, including, if applicable, any directors and officers insurance policies or other insurance policies, provided, however, that the Company s obligation to indemnify Executive hereunder or pursuant to the Indemnification Agreement is not limited by any insurance policy limits or caps. The Company s obligations under this Section 12 for acts or omissions during Executive s employment shall survive Executive s termination of employment. To the extent that the terms herein differ from 
 -10- 

the terms of the Indemnification Agreement or any other source of indemnification rights, Executive shall be entitled to the indemnification rights most beneficial to him as determined in his sole discretion. 
 a. Without limiting any of the foregoing, Executive s rights of indemnification shall include all of Executive s Expenses (including judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) in a Proceeding arising from or relating to acts undertaken in good faith in his role as director, officer, employee or agent (but not as a stockholder) of the Company or in accordance with the directions or instructions of the Board, or for acts undertaken in good faith for the benefit of the Company or for purposes of Executive s compliance with any order or equitable relief issued by any court or arbitral body in any Proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall be entitled to indemnification if he is found liable for actions or omissions by the Company in a Proceeding, subject to the terms of this Agreement (including the foregoing conditions in each case) and applicable law. 
 b. For the avoidance of doubt, any action or proceeding undertaken by Executive to recover attorneys fees or costs from the Company or to enforce any judgment, order or award against the Company made pursuant to this Section 12 or Section 11 of the Indemnification Agreement or the indemnification provisions set forth in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, or applicable law shall be deemed to be an action for indemnification against the Company for which the Executive is entitled to indemnification under the Indemnification Agreement and or hereunder, as applicable, subject to the terms of the applicable agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Proceeding is brought and heard in arbitration, references to any court in which a Proceeding is or was brought pursuant to this Agreement or the Indemnification Agreement shall include such arbitration. 
 c. For purposes of determining indemnification rights of Executive, Executive shall be deemed to have acted in good faith or to have not acted in bad faith in his role as director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to the extent Executive relied in good faith on, and acted in accordance with, (i) directions or instructions of the Board or (ii) best practices or generally accepted norms of the industry in which the Company or its Subsidiaries operate. 
 d. In the event that the Company may be obligated to make any indemnity to Executive in connection with a Proceeding and Executive, in good faith, determines that there is a divergence in interests between Executive and the Company or other defendants or Executive does not reasonably believe, in good faith, that the Company s selected counsel is properly representing Executive s interests, then Executive will have the right to hire and utilize his own counsel, with reasonable fees and costs being indemnifiable Expenses. 
 e. The Company shall indemnify Executive for all Expenses incurred by Executive for any individual claim, issue or matter in any Proceeding he initiates against the Company in good faith expressly for the purposes of enforcing or defending his 
 -11- 

rights pursuant to this Agreement or his Indemnification Agreement arising from a Proceeding in accordance with Section 12(b) above provided that Executive is successful (on the merits or otherwise) with respect to such individual claim, issue or matter therein. 
 f. No indemnification shall be made under this Section 12 in respect of any amount for which Executive shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction or in arbitration to be liable to the Company or in respect of which the Company has been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction or in arbitration to have no indemnification obligation to Executive or that is otherwise not permitted by applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the exclusions set forth in Section 7 of the Indemnification Agreement shall apply to indemnification rights under this Agreement mutatis mutanda other than for purposes of Section 12(b) and (e) above and Executive s right to indemnification arising or related to Specified Litigation as set forth in Section 11(e) above. 
 g. The indemnification provided by this Section 12 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Executive seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the certificate of incorporation or any statute, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, nor shall this Agreement be deemed to limit, diminish or abrogate any rights of Executive hereunder. 
 13. Assignment . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon Executive s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 
 14. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally (b) one (1) day after being sent overnight by a well-established commercial overnight service or (c) four (4) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing 
 
 -12- 

If to the Company 
 Rimini Street, Inc. Legal Department Attn Corporate Secretary 1700 South Pavilion Drive, Suite 330 Las Vegas, Nevada 89135 
 with a copy to 
 Rimini Street, Inc. Legal Department Attn Andrew Terry, GVP & Deputy General Counsel, Corporate & Corporate Secretary 1700 South Pavilion Drive, Suite 330 Las Vegas, Nevada 89135 
 If to Executive 
 The last residential address on file with the Company. 
 15. Severability . If any provision hereof becomes or is declared by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision. 
 16. Arbitration . 
 (a) General . In consideration of Executive s service to the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes and Executive s receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executive s service to the Company under this Agreement or otherwise or the termination of Executive s service with the Company, including any breach of this Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration. Disputes which Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under state or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, claims of harassment, discrimination or wrongful termination and any statutory claims. Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive. 
 (b) Procedure . Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association AAA and that a neutral arbitrator will be selected in a manner consistent with its National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes (the Rules ). Executive agrees that the arbitrator shall have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and or adjudication and motions to dismiss and demurrers, prior to any arbitration hearing. Executive agrees that the arbitrator shall issue a written decision on the merits. Executive also agrees that 
 -13- 

the arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies, including attorneys fees and costs, available under applicable law. Executive understands the Company will pay for any administrative, hearing, and arbitrator fees charged by the arbitrator or AAA except that Executive shall pay the first 125.00 of any filing fees associated with any arbitration Executive initiates. Executive agrees that the arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in a manner consistent with the Rules. 
 (c) Remedy . Except as provided by the Rules, arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company. Accordingly, except as provided for by the Rules, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator shall not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company has not adopted. 
 (d) Availability of Injunctive Relief . In addition to the right under the Rules to petition the court for provisional relief, Executive agrees that any party may also petition the court for injunctive relief where either party alleges or claims a violation of this Agreement or any other agreement regarding trade secrets, confidential information, or nonsolicitation. In the event either party seeks injunctive relief, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys fees. 
 (e) Administrative Relief . Executive understands that this Agreement does not prohibit Executive from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state or federal administrative body such as the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or the workers compensation board. This Agreement does, however, preclude Executive from pursuing court action regarding any such claim. 
 (f) Voluntary Nature of Agreement . Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understand it, including that Executive is waiving Executive s right to a jury trial. 
 17. Integration . This Agreement, Executive s Confidential and Invention Assignment Agreement, together with the Company s 2007 Stock Plan, 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and any stock purchase or stock option agreements between the Executive and the Company which describe Executive s outstanding equity awards, and indemnification agreement represent the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in a writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto. In entering into this Agreement, no party has relied on or made any representation, warranty, inducement, promise or understanding that is not in this Agreement. In the event of an inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of an equity award agreement between Executive and the Company relating to Executive s outstanding equity awards under the Company s 2007 Stock 
 -14- 

Plan or 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (or any successor equity plan), the terms of the applicable equity award agreement shall prevail over the terms of this Agreement, but only to the extent expressly provided for in such equity award agreement. 
 18. Waiver of Breach . The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement, which must be in writing, will not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of this Agreement. 
 19. Survival . The Company s and Executive s responsibilities under Sections 7, 9 and 12 will survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 20. Headings . All captions and Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 21. Tax Withholding . All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes. 
 22. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 
 23. Acknowledgment . Executive acknowledges that she has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Executive s private attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. The Company will promptly pay Executive s reasonable and documented legal fees not to exceed 60,000, incurred in 2024 in connection with the negotiation and documentation of his updated employment and indemnification arrangements with the Company. 
 24. Section 409A . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits shall be payable until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 (b) Further, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (other than due to Executive s death), then the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service shall become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, shall be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following 
 -15- 

Executive s separation from service but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph shall be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits shall be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. The amount of reimbursements or in-kind benefits provided hereunder that the Company is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the reimbursements or in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and Executive s right to have the Company provide such reimbursements or in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. 
 (c) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations shall not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of clause (a) above. 
 (d) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) shall not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of clause (a) above. 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A Limit means the lesser of two times (2x) (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during Executive s taxable year preceding Executive s taxable year of Executive s separation from service as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code for the year in which Executive s separation from service occurred. 
 (f) The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder shall be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. 
 25. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 
 
 -16- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by a duly authorized officer, as of the day and year written below. 
 
 RIMINI STREET, INC. EXECUTIVE By s Andrew J. Terry By s Seth A. Ravin Andrew J. Terry, GVP & Deputy General Counsel, Corporate and Corporate Secretary Seth A. Ravin Date October 29, 2024 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 -17- 

EXHIBIT A 
 Release 
 Your employment with Rimini Street, Inc. and the Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 29, 2024, by and between you and Rimini Street, Inc. (the Employment Agreement terminated effective ________ Separation Date ). You hereby agree and acknowledge that by signing this Release, and for other good and valuable consideration outlined in Sections 7(a) and (b) of the Employment Agreement , you are waiving your right to assert any and all forms of legal Claims against Rimini Street 1 (together, Employer of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown, arising from the beginning of time through the Effective Date, as defined below. Except as set forth below, your waiver and release herein is intended to bar any form of legal claim, charge, complaint or any other form of action (jointly referred to as Claims against Employer seeking any form of relief including, without limitation, equitable relief (whether declaratory, injunctive or otherwise), the recovery of any damages, or any other form of monetary recovery whatsoever (including, without limitation, back pay, front pay, compensatory damages, emotional distress damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees and any other costs) against Employer, for any alleged action, inaction or circumstance existing or arising through the Effective Date. Notwithstanding any provision herein, however, Employer acknowledges and agrees that you are not hereby releasing (i) any obligations incurred under this Release (ii) any claims that cannot be waived as matter of law, including Protected Activity (as defined below), (iii) any right that you may have to unemployment compensation benefits or workers compensations benefits, (iv) any right you may have to equity or other accrued benefits, and (v) any right to indemnification under the Rimini Street, Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation, its Bylaws, the Employment Agreement, separate indemnification agreement, or under law, as applicable. 
 Without limiting the foregoing general waiver and release, you specifically waive and release Employer from any Claim arising from or related to your prior employment relationship with Employer or the termination thereof, including, without limitation 
 a. Claims under any state or federal discrimination, fair employment practices or other employment related statute, regulation or executive order (as they may have been amended through the Effective Date) prohibiting discrimination or harassment based upon any protected status including, without limitation, race, national origin, age, gender, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or status as a covered service member under the Uniform Services Employment and re-Employment Rights Act (USERRA). Without limitation, specifically included in this paragraph are any Claims arising under the Federal 
 
 The Employer will withhold the appropriate federal, state and local taxes and other withholdings, as determined by the Employer, from any consideration paid in exchange for this Release. 
 
 1 For purposes of this Section, Rimini Street includes any of its divisions, affiliates (which means all persons and entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with Rimini Street, Inc.), subsidiaries and all other related entities, its and their directors, officers, employees, trustees, agents, successors and assigns, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with Rimini Street, Inc. 
 A-1 

Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection. Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Nevada Fair Employment Practices Act and any similar state statute. 
 b. Claims under any other state or federal employment related statute, regulation or executive order (as they may have been amended through the Effective Date) relating to wages, hours or any other terms and conditions of employment. Without limitation, specifically included in this paragraph are any Claims arising under the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the National Labor Relations Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), any and all claims under Nevada administrative statutory or codified law or regulation dealing with fair employment practices and or wage and hour laws, Nevada's overtime, meal and rest period, and related wage and hour penalty statutes, NRS 608.250 relating to the payment of minimum wage for each hour worked, and any similar state statute. 
 c. Claims under any state or federal common law theory including, without limitation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, breach of express or implied contract, promissory estoppel, unjust enrichment, breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of public policy, defamation, interference with contractual relations, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, misrepresentation, deceit, fraud or negligence. NRS 613.010, related to inducing a person to change their work location under false pretenses, and NRS 613.210, relating to the blacklisting of employees. 
 d. Any other Claim arising under state or federal law. 
 You agree that you will not initiate any charge or complaint or institute any claim or lawsuit against Employer based on any fact or circumstance occurring up to and including your last date of employment with Employer, except to the extent such claim or lawsuit relates to your indemnification rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Release does not release Employer or you from any obligation expressly set forth as a post-employment obligation in the Employment Agreement. 
 You understand that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging in any Protected Activity , which means (i) filing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating with, cooperating with, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board Government Agencies (ii) testifying in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct, alleged sexual harassment or other 
 A-2 

alleged misconduct on the part of any other party, or on the part of the agents or employees of another party, when the person testifying has been required or requested to attend the proceeding pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or legislature or (iii) providing information to the Government Agencies or collecting rewards under a government agency whistleblower program. You understand that in connection with such Protected Activity, you are permitted to disclose documents or other information as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, Employer. However, by entering into this Release, you understand and agree that you are waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary relief or other personal relief directly from Employer as a result of any such government proceedings, including any subsequent legal action, filed by you or by anyone else on your behalf, with respect to any released claims. Nothing in this Section prohibits or prevents you from disclosing or discussing (i) factual information related to any reasonable belief that you have that you were subjected to unlawful harassment, discrimination or retaliation (ii) unlawful employment practices, including any form of unlawful discrimination, harassment or retaliation that is actionable under federal or state law (iii) any facts necessary to receive unemployment insurance, Medicaid or other public benefits to which you may be entitled or (iv) other disclosures that are protected under federal, state or local law. 
 In addition to the forgoing, you hereby agree that you waive all rights under section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California and any other similar law of any state or jurisdiction. Section 1542 provides that 
 A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. 
 Pursuant to section 1542, you acknowledge that you may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to facts which you now know or believe to be true with regard to the released claims, and further agree that this Release shall remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such discovery of new or different facts, including any such facts which may give rise to currently unknown claims, including but not limited to any claims or rights which you may have under section 1542 of the California Civil Code. 
 It is the Employer s desire and intent to make certain that you fully understand the provisions and effects of this Release. To that end, you have been encouraged and given the opportunity to consult with legal counsel for the purpose of reviewing the terms of this Release. Also, because you are over the age of 40, and consistent with the provisions of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA and the Older Workers Benefits Protection Act OWBPA ), which prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, Employer is providing you with twenty-one (21) days in which to consider and accept the terms of this Release by signing and dating it below and returning the signed and dated acceptance to Thomas Shay at Rimini Street, Inc., 6601 Koll Center Pkwy., Suite 300, Pleasanton, CA 94566 USA. In addition, you may rescind your assent to this Release if, within seven (7) days after you sign this Release, you deliver by hand or send by mail (certified, return receipt and postmarked within such 7-day period) a notice of rescission to Thomas Shay at Rimini Street, Inc., 6601 Koll Center Pkwy., Suite 300, Pleasanton, CA 
 A-3 

94566 USA. If you sign the Release and do not revoke it, then it will become fully effective and binding on both parties on the eighth (8 th day following your execution (the Effective Date ). Further, by signing this Release, you hereby acknowledge and confirm that 
 i. you have read this Release in its entirety and understand all of its terms 
 ii. you knowingly, freely, and voluntarily agree to all of the terms and conditions set out in this Release including, without limitation, the waiver, release, and covenants contained in it 
 iii. you understand that claims challenging the validity of this Release under the ADEA as amended by the OWBPA are not released 
 iv. you are signing this Release including the waiver and release, in exchange for good and valuable consideration in addition to anything of value to which you are otherwise entitled 
 v. you understand that the release contained in this paragraph does not apply to rights and claims that may arise after the you this Release. 
 You understand that pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you will not be held criminally or civilly, liable under any Federal or State Trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence either directly or indirectly to a Federal, State, or local government official, or an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting, or investigating, a violation of law. Moreover, you understand that you may disclose trade secrets in a complaint, or other documents, filed in a lawsuit, or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Finally, you understand that an employee who files a lawsuit alleging retaliation by their employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to their attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding if the employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to a court order. 
 Without limiting your rights in this Release, you agree not to make disparaging, defamatory or otherwise unlawful comments about the Employer, or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or related companies, or its or their current or past officers, directors, managers, employees, products and or services. Nothing contained in this paragraph, in any way, restricts or impedes you from testifying truthfully in any legal proceeding, including, but not limited to responding to any inquiries made by the EEOC or any government agency from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you reasonably believe is unlawful or from disclosing factual information related to an administrative claim or civil action concerning sexual assault, sexual harassment, workplace harassment or discrimination, failure to prevent an act of workplace harassment or discrimination, or an act of retaliation against a person for reporting or opposing harassment or discrimination. You may respond accurately and fully to any question or request for information when required to do so by law. 
 A-4 

You acknowledge this Release constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Employer with respect to any matters referred to in this Release. This Release supersedes any and all of the other agreements between you and the Employer, except for the Confidential and Invention Assignment Agreement, which remains in full force and effect to the maximum extent allowed by law. No other consideration, agreements, representations, oral statements, understandings or course of conduct which are not expressly set forth in this Release should be implied or are binding. You are not relying upon any other agreement, representation, statement, omission, understanding, or course of conduct which is not expressly set forth in this Release. 
 This Release shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of Nevada, without regard to the conflict of law principles. The federal courts and or state courts of such state and county shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of this Release and or employment relationship or termination thereof, and you consent to such jurisdiction and venue. You agree not to sign this Release before the Separation Date. You understand and agree that this Release shall be null and void and have no legal or binding effect whatsoever if the Release is not signed by you on or before the twenty-first (21 st calendar days after you receive it. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be bound hereby, have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Release as of the date first set forth below. 
 EMPLOYEE Rimini Street, Inc. By 
 By 
 Name Seth A. Ravin Name and Title Date Date 

A-5 

ATTACHMENT 1 
 ELECTION TO EXECUTE PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF TWENTY-ONE (21) DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD 
 I, Seth A. Ravin, understand that I have twenty-one (21) calendar days within which to consider and execute the attached Separation Agreement and General Release. However, after having an opportunity to consult counsel, I have freely and voluntarily elected to execute the Separation Agreement and General Release before such twenty-one (21) day period has expired. 
 Date Seth A. Ravin 
 
 A-6 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Seth A. Ravin, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rimini Street, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Seth A. Ravin Seth A. Ravin Title Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael L. Perica, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rimini Street, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Michael L. Perica Michael L. Perica Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Seth A. Ravin, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President of Rimini Street, Inc. (the Company ), certify, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 30, 2024 
 By s Seth A. Ravin Seth A. Ravin Title Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael L. Perica, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Rimini Street, Inc. (the Company ), certify, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated October 30, 2024 
 By s Michael L. Perica Michael L. Perica Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rmni-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rmni-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rmni-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rmni-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rmni-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

