<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1901203_0001213900-24-096270.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3932052</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73474</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>937970</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>689762</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1008458</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1153751</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096270.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112083032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096270
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Iron Horse Acquisitions Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001901203
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41898
		FILM NUMBER:		241443742

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 2506
		CITY:			TOLUCA LAKE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91610
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 290-5383

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 2506
		CITY:			TOLUCA LAKE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91610

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096270.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0218198-10q_ironhorse.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.	 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).	 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 12, 2024, shares of
the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding (inclusive of shares included in our units). 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 21 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 24 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 24 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 25 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 25 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 26 
 
 Signatures 
 
 27 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Total Current Assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Income taxes payable 

Overallotment liability 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding (excluding 6,900,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited financial statements. 

1 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Formation and operational costs (1) 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability 

Gain on lawsuit settlements 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable shares 

Basic and diluted net income per common share, redeemable shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable shares (2) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share, non-redeemable shares 

(1) (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited financial statements. 

2 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 (1) 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Remeasurement of Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Remeasurement of Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement of Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 (1) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 (1) 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited financial statements. 

3 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Payment of office expenses made by sponsor 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of overallotment liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay for franchise taxes 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payment of accrued offering costs 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering Costs included in Accrued Offering Costs 

Payment of Offering Costs included in Promissory Note 

Remeasurement of Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited financial statements. 

4 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

units (the
 Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Bengochea SPAC Sponsors I LLC (the sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to consisting of of cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering
costs. 

The Units were listed on
the Nasdaq Global Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Pursuant to Nasdaq s listing rules, the Company s
initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 
of the balance in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination (net of taxes
payable and deferred underwriting commissions), although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to affect a Business Combination successfully. 

Following the closing of
the IPO on December 29, 2023, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the Company s trust account Trust Account with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trustee and invested in United States government treasury bills,
bonds or notes, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the
redemption of any shares of common stock included in the Units sold in the IPO that have been properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend the Company s certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem of such
shares of common stock if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or 18 months
from the closing of the IPO if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination as provided in its amended and restated
certificate of incorporation), provided that, pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the investment
management trust agreement entered into between the Company and the Trustee, the only way to extend the time available for the Company
to consummate its initial business combination in the absence of a charter amendment is for the sponsor, upon at least five days 
advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, to deposit into the trust account , or if the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full, or an aggregate of , or if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, for each three-month
extension, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, and (iii) the Company s failure to consummate a Business Combination
within the prescribed time. If the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time period, the Company
will redeem of its outstanding Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company for taxes (and less up to of interest which can be used for liquidation expenses) divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. Placing
funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities it engages, execute agreements with the Company waiving
any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements.
The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective
acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally, certain interest earned on the Trust Account balance may
be released to the Company to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

5 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

per
share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company or necessary
to pay its taxes). Holders of warrants sold as part of the Units will not be entitled to vote on the Proposed Business Combination and
will have no conversion or liquidation rights with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. 

If the Company is unable
to complete its initial Business Combination and expends all of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not deposited
in the Trust Account, without taking into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, the Company expects that the initial per-share
redemption price for the Public Shares will be . The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to claims
of the Company s creditors that are in preference to the claims of the Company s stockholders. In addition, if the Company
is forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against it that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in
the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in its bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of the Company s common stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption/conversion
price may be less than . 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had cash of and a working capital deficit of . In connection with the Company s assessment of going
concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, management has determined that the Company currently lacks the liquidity it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable
period of time, which is considered to be at least one year from the date that the unaudited financial statements are issued as it expects
to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In addition, the Company has until December 29, 2024 (or June
29, 2025 if we extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time) Combination Period to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time.
If a Business Combination is not consummated by December 29, 2024 (or June 29, 2025, if extended), there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December
29, 2024 (or June 29, 2025, if extended). The Company intends to continue to seek to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory
liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

United States and global
markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia
and conflicts in the Middle East and around the Red Sea. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the
European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals
and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
(SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or
other assistance, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and conflicts in the Middle
East and around the Red Sea and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, Middle East and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting
impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could
lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain
interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global
economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

6 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value
of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise
tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote
or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any
 PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business
Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance
from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics
of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand
to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On September 29, 2024, the
Company entered into a business combination agreement, dated as of September 27, 2024 (the Business Combination Agreement ),
with Rosey Sea Holdings Limited, a company incorporated and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands Seller and the owner of of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Zhong Guo Liang Tou Group Limited, a company incorporated and existing
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the Target ). 

The Business Combination
Agreement provides, among other things, that the Company will purchase from Seller the ordinary shares of the Target in exchange for shares
of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), as a result of which the Target will become
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Assuming that holders of Common Stock eligible to have the Company redeem all or a portion of
their shares of Common Stock in connection with the proposals to be presented to the Company s stockholders at a meeting of such
stockholders (the Stockholder Meeting to approve (the Stockholders Approval the Business Combination
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and by the related agreements (the Transactions and certain related
proposals (collectively, the Transaction Proposals for a pro rata share of the funds on deposit in the Trust Account, the
Company will issue to Seller shares of Common Stock (the Consideration pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement. The number of shares of Common Stock constituting the Consideration will be reduced on a one-for-one basis by the number of
shares of Common Stock that remain in the Trust Account immediately prior to the closing of the Transactions (the Closing ),
such that if no eligible shares are redeemed, the number of shares of Common Stock constituting the Consideration will be . 

7 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

8 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

9 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

10 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and in cash as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

of interest earned on the Trust Account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the assets held in Trust Account amounted to
 and , respectively. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and
management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

11 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and of franchise tax, respectively.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred and of franchise tax, respectively. 

and , respectively, had a full valuation allowance recorded against
it. The Company s effective tax rate was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company s effective tax rate was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective
tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to the valuation
allowance on the deferred tax assets related to organization expenses and the change in fair value of over-allotment option liability. 

and , respectively, and income taxes payable as of September
30, 2024 was . 

12 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Proceeds allocated to over-allotment option 

Common Stock issuance cost 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

and shares of Common Stock, respectively, in the aggregate. The weighted average
of these shares was excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share of Common Stock as the inclusion of such rights and warrants
would be anti-dilutive. The rights and warrants cannot be converted to shares of Common Stock prior to an initial Business Combination;
therefore, they have been classified as anti-dilutive. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Common Stock 

13 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units expired and the over-allotment option liability was derecognized in the statement of operations. 

Units, which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of
 Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Common Stock, redeemable warrant (the Public
Warrants ), and right to one-fifth of share of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination, so a Warrant holder must hold rights in multiples of in order to receive shares for all of its rights upon the closing
of an initial Business Combination. Each Public Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Common Stock at an exercise price of . 

Each Public Warrant will
become exercisable days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and will expire after the
completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company does
not complete its initial Business Combination on or prior to the 12-month period allotted (or up to 18 months if the Company extends the
time to complete a Business Combination as provided in its amended and restated certificate of incorporation) to complete the Business
Combination, the Public Warrants will expire at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of Common
Stock to the holder upon exercise of the Public Warrants during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of the Public
Warrants and the Public Warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described
in the warrant agreement. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants in whole and not in part
at a price of per Public Warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that the
last sale price of the shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within the -trading day period
commencing at any time after the Public Warrants have become exercisable and ending on the third trading day before the Company sends
the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. 

14 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant,
or in the aggregate, in a private placement. The terms of the Private Placement Warrants are identical to those of the Public
Warrants, other than as described in Note 7. The holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants
or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price
less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On December 29, 2023, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option
for an additional Units. On February 12, 2024, the remainder of the over-allotment option to purchase Units expired. 

The underwriters were entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , paid upon the closing of the IPO. Additionally,
the underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , payable upon
the closing of an initial Business Combination. 

shares of Common Stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of .
In September 2022, Founder Shares were returned to the Company for no consideration bringing the total issued Founder Shares
to . In September 2023, Founder Shares were returned to the Company for no consideration bringing the total issued Founder
Shares to , as retrospectively presented in the financial statements. In December 2023, the Company determined to issue an additional
 Founder Shares to maintain the proportionate share of the sponsor in the Company, resulting in the sponsor holding Founder
Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the holders to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the holders would collectively own of the Company s issued and
outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the initial stockholders did not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO). On February 12, 2024,
the remainder of the over-allotment option to purchase Units expired and the Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in
the sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The holders of the Founder Shares agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until (i) 180 days after the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their Common Stock for cash, securities or other
property. 

15 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

(as amended) principal amount unsecured promissory note to the sponsor, which is an affiliate of the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable upon the date on which the Company consummates its initial business transaction
or, at the Company s discretion, if funds allow. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was outstanding
under the promissory note. 

Due from Sponsor 

On January 4, 2024, the Company
initiated a lawsuit against Omnia Global a/k/a Omnia Schweiz GmbH, Daniel Hansen, Mette Abel Hansen, and James Mair Findlay (collectively,
 Omnia by filing a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Case No. 1:24-cv-00048 alleging
that Omnia had breached the Pre-Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Omnia, dated as of May 12, 2023. The Company and Omnia
have agreed to an amicable resolution of the lawsuit on mutually acceptable terms and without admission of fault by any party. On March
11, 2024, the Company settled an outstanding lawsuit against Omnia and the sponsor received the net lawsuit settlement amount of 
on behalf of the Company gross settlement less legal fees incurred). As of September 30, 2024, all payments due pursuant
to the settlement have been made. 

Administrative Service Agreement 

The Company presently
occupies office space provided by an entity controlled by the sponsors. Such entity agreed that until the Company consummates a
Business Combination, it will make such office space, as well as general and administrative services including utilities and
administrative support, available to the Company as may be required by the Company from time to time. The Company agreed to pay a
total of per month to the sponsor in exchange for management support, administrative services fees, office space, and other
services. The Company will cease paying these monthly fees 12 months from the date of the IPO. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company incurred and and paid and , respectively, for administrative
services fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not incur any fees for these services. As of
December 31, 2023, the Company incurred an amount of for administrative services fees, all of which was included in accrued
expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Working Capital Loans 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders, the sponsor, the Company s officers and directors or
their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation
of our initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, if there are excess proceeds. In the event that
the initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such
loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. These loans would be repaid at completion of
the initial Business Combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share, with such designation, rights and preferences as may
be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are no 
shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

16 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

shares of Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of Common Stock,
respectively, were issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Common Stock subject to possible redemption. The number of shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding gives effect to the February 2024 forfeiture of shares of Common Stock, which were subject
to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full. All of these shares were placed
into an escrow account on the closing of the IPO. On February 12, 2024, the remainder of the over-allotment option to purchase 
Units expired and the Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares.
Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold, or released from escrow for a period ending
on the -day anniversary of the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the initial
Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all
of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will
receive one-fifth of share of Common Stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed
all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon the exchange of the rights.
No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation
of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid by investors in the IPO.
If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the shares of Common
Stock will receive in the transaction on an as- converted into Common Stock basis and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert its rights in order to receive one-fifth of share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). 

Additionally, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect
to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect
to such rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Representative Shares 

The Company issued to EF
Hutton and/or its designees in the IPO shares of Common Stock (the Representative Shares at the time of the consummation
of IPO. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a
Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed they will (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in
connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

17 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

days after the completion of a Business Combination
or (b) months from the closing of the IPO; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to
them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is
exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of the Business
Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become
effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration
of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the public warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Common
Stock is at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition
of a covered security under the Securities Act, the Company, at its option, may require holders of Public Warrants who exercise
their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the
Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. The Public Warrants will expire
 after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. 

Once the Public Warrants
become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing at any time after the Public Warrants have become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem
the Public Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Common Stock is available throughout
the -day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay
the exercise price for each Public Warrant being exercised. 

The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until days after the completion of the Business
Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

In no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to
their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect
to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 
Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

18 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Equity: 

Fair value of Public Warrants subject to possible redemption allocation 
 3 

Fair value of rights for common stock subject to possible redemption allocation 
 3 

19 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units expired and the over-allotment option liability was derecognized in the statement of operations. 

The Company accounted for
warrants and rights issued at the IPO under equity treatment, as such, no subsequent measurement is required. 

The Company used a Black-Scholes
model to value the over-allotment option. The over-allotment option liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price
volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary share based on historical
volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the option. The expected life of the option is
assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. 

The Public Warrants and rights
were valued using Monte Carlo models. The Public Warrants and rights have been classified within stockholders deficit and will
not require remeasurement after issuance. 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report
(this Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Iron Horse Acquisitions
Corp. References to our management refer to our officers and directors and references to the sponsor refer
to Bengochea SPAC Sponsors I LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation,
statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding
the completion of the Proposed Business Combination (as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and
the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance,
but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events,
performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including
that the conditions of the Proposed Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section
of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC on April 1, 2024, as well as future reports that the Company files with the SEC. The Company s
securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 23, 2021, whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to
effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as
defined below), our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

On December 29, 2023, we
 consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 6,900,000 Units,
which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 800,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 2,457,000 warrants (the
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of 2,457,000. 

Following the IPO and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 69,000,000 was placed in the Company s T rust
 A ccount with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the
 Trust Account ). We incurred 4,651,705 of transaction expenses in connection with the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, consisting of 586,500 of cash underwriting fees, 2,518,500 of deferred underwriting fees, and 1,546,705 of other offering
costs. 

21 

We expect to continue to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination
will be successful. 

On September 29, 2024, the
Company entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement ), dated as of September 27,
2024, with Rosey Sea Holdings Limited, a company incorporated and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands Seller and the owner of 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Zhong Guo Liang Tou Group Limited, a company incorporated and existing
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the Target ), pursuant to which the Company will purchase from Seller the ordinary
shares of the Target in exchange for shares of Common Stock, as a result of which the Target will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company. Depending on the number of shares of Common Stock that the holders elect to have the Company redeem in connection with the
proposals presented at the Company s meeting of stockholders to approve the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby and by the related agreements and certain related matters (collectively, the Transactions ), the Company
will issue between 40,988,000 and 47,888,000 shares of Common Stock to Seller pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. 

The consummation of the Transactions
is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the effectiveness of the registration statement that the Company
is required to file with the SEC, required Nasdaq and regulatory approvals, and the approval of the Business Combination Agreement, the
Transactions and other required shareholder proposals by the Company s stockholders. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from November 23, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024
were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO and, subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for
a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in connection with searching for an appropriate target for, and completing, a business combination. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had net income of 465,533, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account
of 915,956 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 28,138, offset by formation and operating costs
of 290,801 and provision for income taxes of 187,760. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had net income of 1,420,875, which consists of change in fair value of overallotment liability of 11,135, gain
on lawsuit settlements of 295,000 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 2,705,637, offset by formation
and operating costs of 1,009,065, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,915 and provision for income
taxes of 576,917. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 137,134 and 301,986, respectively, consisting solely of formation and operating costs. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 515,317. Net income of 1,420,875 was affected by the change in fair value
of the overallotment liability of 11,135, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,915, and interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 2,705,637. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 775,665
of cash from operating activities. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, there was no cash used in operating activities. Net loss of 301,986 was affected by payment of office expenses made
by the sponsor of 179,664. Changes in operating assets and liabilities, in particular, accrued offering costs, provided 122,322 of cash
from operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had 71,697,384 of cash held in the Trust Account. Through September 30, 2024, we have withdrawn 3,338 of interest earned from the
marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete a business combination. To the
extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a business combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash of 3,084 outside the Trust Account. Until consummation of a business combination, we intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account to fund our SEC and tax compliance and to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on
prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete
a business combination. 

We may need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have
insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our consummation of a business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete a business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon consummation of a business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with
such business combination. 

In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that we do not complete a business combination, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Such
loans may be convertible into warrants to purchase common stock of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant,
at the option of the lender. These warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update
2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have determined
that mandatory liquidation, should we not complete a business combination and an extension of our deadline to do so not be approved by
the stockholders of the Company, and potential subsequent dissolution and the liquidity issue raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern through December 29, 2024 (or June 29, 2025, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination as provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), the scheduled liquidation date of the Company if it
does not complete a business combination prior to such date. Management plans to complete a business combination before the mandatory
liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate any business combination by December 29, 2024
(or, if extended, June 29, 2024). These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets
or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

23 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. We are party to an administrative services agreement
with the sponsor. The sponsor has agreed that until the Company consummates a business combination, it will make office space, as well
as general and administrative services including utilities and administrative support, available to the Company as may be required by
the Company from time to time. 

The underwriters in the IPO
were entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.65 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 2,518,500, payable upon the closing of
an initial business combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified
any critical accounting estimates as of September 30, 2024. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
unaudited financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, did not provide reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As of the date of this Quarterly
Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2023, as previously filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

For a description of the
use of the proceeds generated in our IPO, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

25 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2024, by and between Iron Horse Acquisitions Corp. and Rosey Sea Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

IRON HORSE ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

Date:
 November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jose Antonio Bengochea 

Name: 
 Jose
 Antonio Bengochea 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ William J. Caragol 

Name: 
 William J. Caragol 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021819801ex31-1_ironhorse.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jose Antonio Bengochea, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Iron Horse Acquisitions Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
 by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Jose Antonio Bengochea 

Jose Antonio Bengochea 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021819801ex31-2_ironhorse.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, William J. Caragol, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Iron Horse Acquisitions Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
 by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 William J. Caragol 

William J. Caragol 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021819801ex32-1_ironhorse.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Iron
Horse Acquisitions Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jose Antonio Bengochea, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Jose Antonio Bengochea 

Jose Antonio Bengochea 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021819801ex32-2_ironhorse.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Iron
Horse Acquisitions Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, William J. Caragol, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 William J. Caragol 

William J. Caragol 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 iroh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 iroh-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 iroh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 iroh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 iroh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

