<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1865107_0001865107-24-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6448800</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100896</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1232682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2057639</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1551837</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1396542</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001865107-24-000086.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001865107-24-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			A.K.A. BRANDS HOLDING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865107
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				870970919
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40828
		FILM NUMBER:		241435788

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-295-6085

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001865107-24-000086.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 aka-20240930.htm
 10-Q

aka-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated Filer x Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 11 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 39 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 40 
 Signatures 
 41 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, or that describe our plans, goals, intentions, objectives, strategies, expectations, beliefs and assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, might, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, project, plan, objective, could, would, should and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. We caution that the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could contribute to these differences include, among other things: 
 economic downturns and market conditions beyond our control, including periods of inflation; 
 the quality of global financial markets; 
 risks related to doing business in China, including changes in the political and economic policies of the Chinese government or in relations between China and the United States; 
 rapid changes in consumer preferences in the apparel, footwear and accessories industry; 
 our ability to acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to retain existing customers and maintain average order value levels; 
 the effectiveness of our marketing and our ability to maintain high customer traffic; 
 the rate of merchandise returns; 
 our ability to manage inventory effectively; 
 our ability to procure sufficient quantities of third-party merchandise on favorable terms; 
 our ability to identify brands to acquire or to integrate and manage our acquisitions and investments effectively; 
 the effectiveness of our growth strategy; 
 our ability to expand into new markets; 
 risks related to doing business internationally, including international economic, geopolitical instability (including the ongoing Ukraine and Israel wars), legal, compliance and supply chain risks; 
 interruptions in or increased costs of shipping; 
 risks related to our direct-to-consumer business model; 
 risks related to sales of our products through wholesale and third-party marketplace providers; 
 risks related to our use of social media and influencers in marketing, including potential impact to our reputation or regulatory scrutiny; 
 our ability to achieve projected results or to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 fluctuations in our operating results; 
 our ability to track our key operating metrics accurately; 
 our ability to maintain our corporate integrity or the image and reputation of our brands; 
 our ability to continue to comply with the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE listing standards and maintain the listing of our common stock on the NYSE; 
 potential liability for uncollected sales tax in certain jurisdictions; 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 the effects of weather conditions, natural disasters or other unexpected events, including global health crises; 
 our ability to attract or retain key personnel, manage executive officer succession effectively or hire, develop and motive key employees; 
 risks related to our decentralized brand management structure; 
 increases in labor costs or fluctuations in wage rates or the price, availability or quality of raw materials and finished goods; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 risks related to distribution, including expansion of the capacity of our fulfillment centers; 
 our ability to meet stakeholder expectations for ethically- and sustainably-sourced fashion; 
 declines in the fair value of intangible assets, or impairment of goodwill, of a business unit; 
 our ability to comply with changing laws or regulations or contractual or other obligations related to data privacy and security; 
 our reliance upon third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 
 changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management relating to complex accounting matters; 
 our and our suppliers compliance with laws or regulations regarding consumer protection, promotions, safety or other matters; 
 risks related to climate change; 
 our ability to comply with changing U.S., Australian or international trade policy, tariff or import/export regulations; 
 our reliance on overseas manufacturing and supply partners, including vendors located in jurisdictions presenting an increased risk of bribery and corruption; 
 inadequacy, interruption or integration or security failure of our and third parties information technology systems; 
 security breaches or resulting loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized disclosure or access of customer, supplier or sensitive company information; 
 risks related to customer use of mobile devices to shop; 
 restrictions or changes to cookie technology as a means of tracking consumer behavior; 
 third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to adequately establish, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, or prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of such rights, such as by counterfeiting of our products; 
 risks related to collecting payments from customers; 
 system interruptions that impair customer access to our sites or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure; 
 the impact of our indebtedness, including future indebtedness, on our business and growth prospects; 
 our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 limitations on our operations as a result of restrictive covenants in our financing documents; 
 our ability to refinance our indebtedness; 
 our ability to raise capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations; 
 risks related to Summit Partners LP s control of us; 
 volatility in our stock price, including as a result of sales of substantial amounts of our common stock; 
 our decisions concerning the allocation of capital including the extent to which we repurchase shares of our common stock; 
 our ability to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting; and 
 the other risk factors set forth under Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 7, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). 
 Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results or changes in our expectations, unless otherwise required by law. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventory 
 Prepaid income taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill 
 Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets 
 Liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Sales returns reserve 
 Deferred revenue 
 Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities, current 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 Gross profit 
 Operating expenses: 
 Selling 
 Marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Goodwill impairment 
 Total operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Other expense, net: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other expense 
 ) ) ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 
 ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share: 
 Basic and diluted 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Currency translation 
 ) ) Total comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares 
 Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld ) ) Repurchase of shares 
 ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld ) ) Repurchase of shares 
 ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares 
 Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee equity plans, net of shares withheld ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation expense Amortization expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Lease incentives Loss on disposal of businesses Non-cash operating lease expense Equity-based compensation Deferred income taxes, net Goodwill impairment 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Income taxes payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Sales returns reserve 
 ) Deferred revenue ) Lease liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 ) Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchases of intangible assets 
 ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from line of credit, net of issuance costs 
 Repayment of line of credit ) ) Repayment of debt ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuances under equity-based compensation plans Repurchase of shares ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Restricted cash, included in other assets 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 a.k.a. BRANDS HOLDING CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (tabular amounts in thousands, except share, per share data, unit, per unit data, ratios, or as noted) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 Note 2. 
 and 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 The Company generally provides refunds for goods returned within to days from the original purchase date. A returns reserve is recorded by the Company based on historical refund experience with a corresponding reduction of sales and cost of sales. The returns reserve was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Returns 
 ) ) ) ) Provision 
 Ending balance 
 
 Revenue recognized in net sales on breakage of gift cards and online credit for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million. Revenue recognized in net sales on breakage of gift cards and online credit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Australia/New Zealand Rest of world Total 
 brands are each an operating segment. The Company has aggregated its operating segments into reportable segment based on the similar nature of products sold, production, merchandising and distribution processes involved, target customers and economic characteristics. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. 
 Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Note 4. 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Computer equipment and capitalized software 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Total property and equipment 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Total depreciation expense was million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 Note 5. 
 million and million, respectively. goodwill impairment was required during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. million of goodwill impairment was recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Changes in foreign currency translation 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Note 6. 
 years years years Brands 
 years years years Trademarks 
 years years years Total intangible assets 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 Note 7. 
 million term loan and a million revolving line of credit, as well as an option for additional term loan of up to million through an accordion feature. The senior secured credit facility also allows for the issuance of one or more letters of credit from time to time by syndicate lenders. Effective April 4, 2023, the Company modified its senior secured credit facility under existing contractual provisions to yield interest from interest rates based on Term SOFR, as defined in the credit agreement for the senior secured credit facility (the Credit Agreement ). Key terms and conditions of each facility were as follows: 
 The million term loan matures after closing, in September 2026, and requires the Company to make amortized annual payments of during the first and second years, during the third and fourth years and during the fifth year with the balance of the loan due at maturity. Borrowings under the term loan accrue interest at Term SOFR plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The highest interest rate under the agreement occurs at a net leverage ratio of greater than x, yielding an interest rate of Term SOFR plus . 
 The million revolving line of credit, which matures after closing, accrues interest at Term SOFR plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio. The highest interest rate under the Credit Agreement occurs at a net leverage ratio of greater than x, yielding an interest rate of Term SOFR plus . Additionally, a margin fee of - basis points is assessed on unused amounts under the revolving line of credit, subject to adjustment based on our net leverage ratio. 
 The million accordion feature allows the Company to enter into additional term loan borrowings at terms to be agreed upon at the time of issuance, but on substantially the same basis as the original term loan, which includes the requirement to make amortized annual payments at the same cadence as that of the original term loan. 
 The senior secured credit facility requires that the Company maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio of to 1.00 and maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.00, each as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. In the event that the Company fails to comply with the financial covenant, the Company will have the option to make certain equity contributions, directly or indirectly, to cure any non-compliance with such covenant, subject to certain other conditions and limitations. The Company is required to make a mandatory prepayment as a percentage of excess cash flows, as defined in the Credit Agreement, in the period based on the Company triggering certain net debt leverage ratios. Specifically, a mandatory prepayment of of excess cash flows is required if the Company s net leverage ratio exceeds x, and a mandatory prepayment of of excess cash flows is required if the Company s net leverage ratio is greater than or equal to x. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company borrowed million under its revolving line of credit, with final payoff due on September 24, 2026, and voluntarily repaid million of the amounts outstanding under its revolving line of credit. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Total Debt and Interest 
 Revolving credit facility Capitalized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total debt Less: current portion 
 ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 Interest expense, which included the amortization of debt issuance costs, totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Company s total debt was million, while the fair value of the Company s total debt, valued using level 2 inputs, was million. 
 
 Note 8. 
 year to years, which represent the non-cancellable periods of the leases and include extension options that the Company determined are reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company excludes from the lease terms any extension options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised, ranging from approximately months to years. Lease payments consist primarily of fixed rental payments for the right to use the underlying leased assets over the lease terms as well as payments for common area maintenance and administrative services. The Company often receives customary incentives from landlords, such as reimbursements for tenant improvements and rent abatement periods, which effectively reduce the total lease payments owed for these leases. Leases are classified as operating or financing at commencement. The Company does not have any material financing leases. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease terms. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of the lease payments, as the implicit rates in the leases are not readily determinable. Operating lease costs consist primarily of the fixed lease payments included in the operating lease liabilities and are recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. 
 Variable lease costs Short-term lease costs Total lease costs 
 The Company does not have any sublease income and the Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Total remaining lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 Less: current portion 
 ) Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Note 9.) ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 
 ) Effective tax rate ) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company utilized the discrete effective tax rate method, as allowed by ASC 740-270-30-18, to calculate its interim income tax provision. The discrete method is applied when the application of the estimated annual effective tax rate yields an estimate that is not reliable and the actual effective rate for the year-to-date results represents the best estimate of the annual effective tax rate. The Company believes that the use of the estimated annual effective tax rate method is not reliable in situations where marginal projected ordinary annual income and significant permanent differences would result in wide variability in the estimated annual effective tax rate. The Company monitors its methodology each quarter to determine the best estimate of the annual effective tax rate. As a result of applying the discrete method approach, the Company recorded a year-to-date tax expense on its year-to-date pre-tax losses as of September 30, 2024. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same periods in the prior year, the Company s effective tax rate changed due to higher income before income taxes in the U.S. and a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets in Australia. The effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to non-deductible permanent differences in the U.S. and a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets in Australia. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10. 
 Accrued freight costs 
 Sales tax payable 
 Accrued marketing costs 
 Accrued professional services 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Total accrued liabilities 

Note 11. 
 Other 
 Total deferred revenue 

Note 12. 
 shares of the Company s common stock, as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split (refer to Note 13, Stockholders Equity ), were initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The number of shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan increases on January 1 of each year by of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors. On May 30, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan by shares of the Company s common stock, as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split. On May 22, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan by shares of the Company s common stock. As of September 30, 2024 , there were shares reserved for issuance of awards under the 2021 Plan. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In September 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP which became effective in connection with the IPO. A total of shares of the Company s common stock, as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split, were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the ESPP automatically increases on January 1 of each year by of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 , there were shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 long and are anticipated to be offered twice per year. The price at which common stock is purchased under the ESPP is equal to of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. The fair value of the discount and the look-back period will be estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 2018 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Prior to the IPO, the 2018 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (the 2018 Plan ), provided for the issuance of time-based incentive units and performance-based incentive units issued by Excelerate, L.P. (the predecessor entity of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp.). In connection with the reorganization transactions and the IPO, all of the equity interests in Excelerate, L.P., including outstanding incentive units issued as equity-based compensation under the 2018 Plan, were transferred to New Excelerate, L.P. The incentive units issued under the 2018 Plan participate in distributions from New Excelerate, L.P., but only after investors receive their return of capital plus a specified threshold amount per unit. The total incentive pool size under the 2018 Plan was units. The 2018 Plan was terminated in September 2021 in connection with the IPO, but continues to govern the terms of outstanding incentive units that were granted prior to the IPO. No further incentive units will be granted under the 2018 Plan. 
 Grant Activity 
 Stock Options 
 The 2021 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive and nonqualified stock options. Under the 2021 Plan, the exercise price of a stock option shall not be less than the fair market value of one share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Stock options have a contractual term, the period during which they are exercisable, not to exceed from the date of grant, and generally vest over time, based on performance or based on the achievement of a market condition. 
 In September 2023, an award, including performance-based stock options (the Bryett Award ), was issued to Wesley Bryett, a member of the Company s board of directors, co-founder of Princess Polly and the Global CEO of Culture Kings. This award expires after , or upon the termination of Mr. Bryett s service to the Company, and includes tranches of stock options that will vest and become exercisable based upon the achievement of various common stock price targets. The weighted average exercise price for the options in the Bryett Award is . Each tranche of stock options has a different derived service period, the average of which is approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, options issued as part of the Bryett Award had vested, the options held no intrinsic value, and total unrecognized compensation cost related to the Bryett Award was million which is expected to be recognized over years. 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited/Repurchased 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested time-based stock options issued under the 2021 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The 2021 Plan provides for the issuance of restricted stock units RSUs ). Time-based RSUs issued prior to March 31, 2022 vest over while all time-based RSUs issued after that date vest over . 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 performance-based RSUs PSUs was issued to Ciaran Long, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The Interim CEO Award expires after , or upon the termination of Mr. Long s service to the Company, and includes tranches of PSUs that will vest based upon the achievement of various common stock price targets. If any common stock price target is achieved for one or more tranches of PSUs prior to April 1, 2025, the vesting date for the applicable tranche(s) will be April 1, 2025. Each tranche of PSUs has a different derived service period, the average of which is approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, the common stock price target for tranches of PSUs issued as part of the Interim CEO Award had been achieved, and the total unrecognized compensation cost related to the Interim CEO Award was million, which is expected to be recognized over years. 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited/Repurchased 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested time-based RSUs issued under the 2021 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Incentive Units 
 The 2018 Plan provided for the issuance of time-based incentive units and performance-based incentive units. Time-based incentive units generally vest over . Performance-based incentive units vested upon the satisfaction of the performance condition as described further below. 
 Time-Based Incentive Partnership Units 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited/Repurchased 
 ) 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested time-based incentive units issued under the 2018 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 ESPP Purchase Rights 
 A six-month offering period for the ESPP ended on May 31, 2024. There were shares purchased using ESPP purchase rights with a weighted average purchase price of . 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs ESPP purchase rights Time-based incentive units Total 
 
 Note 13. 
 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Company s board of directors . There were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 . 
 Common Stock 
 The Company has class of common stock. In connection with the IPO, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of shares of common stock with a par value of per share, with vote per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors. 
 On September 29, 2023, the Company effected a one-for-12 reverse stock split of its common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and all holders of such fractional interests received cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of the Company s common stock during the regular trading hours for the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the Reverse Stock Split, with such average closing sales prices being adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. All references in these condensed consolidated financial statements to the Company s outstanding common stock, including per share information, prior to the Reverse Stock Split have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 Share Repurchase Program Share Forfeitures 
 On May 25, 2023, the Company's board of directors approved a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program, the Company was initially authorized to repurchase up to million of shares of the Company s common stock. Subsequently, in 2023, the Company s board of directors approved an additional repurchase capacity under the Share Repurchase Program of million shares of the Company s common stock. The timing of any repurchases by the Company and the actual number of shares repurchased are at the Company s discretion, and, in deciding when to repurchase shares and the amount of shares to repurchase, the Company will consider available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations and other legal requirements. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and has no expiration date. 
 Additionally, from time to time, the Company s employees may surrender shares of the Company s common stock to satisfy their statutory minimum federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of restricted shares of common stock issued under the 2021 Plan. With respect to these surrendered shares, the price paid per share is based on the fair value at the time of surrender. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 shares of its common stock for million, at an average price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, inclusive of repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program and shares surrendered by employees to satisfy tax obligations, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for million, at an average price of per share. 
 
 Note 14.) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 Net loss per share: Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock for the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share has been calculated in a manner consistent with that of basic net income (loss) per share while giving effect to shares issuable upon exercise and/or vesting of potentially dilutive stock option and RSU grants, as well as ESPP purchase rights, outstanding during the period, if applicable. Due to the net loss for all periods shown, potentially dilutive securities had an impact on diluted loss per share for any period. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and shares (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split), respectively, were excluded from the calculation of weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding as they had an anti-dilutive effect. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and shares (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split), respectively, were excluded from the calculation of weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding as they had an anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 Note 15. 
 million to general and administrative expenses for current estimated losses in connection with these claims. The accrual for estimated losses is based on currently available information and may change as new information becomes available or circumstances change. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16. 
 million under the revolving line of credit, which is part of the Company s senior secured credit facility. The initial applicable interest rate for the borrowings is and final payoff is due on September 24, 2026. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements because of various factors, including those set forth in the sections captioned Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and in other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our fiscal year ends on December 31. 
 
 Overview 
 a.k.a. Brands is a portfolio of next-generation fashion brands for the next generation of consumers. We seek to leverage our industry expertise and operational synergies to accelerate our brands so they can grow faster, reach broader audiences, achieve greater scale and enhance their profitability. We believe we are disrupting the status quo and pioneering a new approach to fashion. 
 a.k.a. was founded with a focus on Millennial and Gen Z audiences who primarily find inspiration for fashion on social media. We have since built a portfolio of next-generation brands with distinct fashion offerings and consumer followings: 
 Princess Polly, a fashion brand focusing on fun, trendy dresses, tops, shoes and accessories with slim fit, body-confident and trendy fashion designs. The brand targets a female customer between the ages of 15 and 25. 
 Petal Pup, a fashion brand offering an assortment of trendy, flattering and feminine styles and dresses for special occasions. The brand targets female customers typically in their twenties or thirties, with more than 70 of customers between the ages of 25 and 34. 
 Culture Kings, an Aust ralia-based premium online retailer of streetwear apparel, footwear, headwear and accessories. The brand targets male consumers between the ages of 18 and 35 who are fashion conscious, highly social and digitally focused. 
 mnml, a Los Angeles-based streetwear brand that offers competitively priced on-trend wardrobe staples. The brand targets male consumers between the ages of 18 and 35. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Key Operating and Financial Metrics 
 Operating Metrics 
 We use the following metrics to assess the progress of our business, make decisions on where to allocate capital, time and technology investments and assess the near-term and longer-term performance of our business. 
 The following table sets forth our key operating metrics for each period presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, other than dollar figures) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Active customers 
 4.05 3.55 4.05 3.55 Average order value 
 81 81 79 81 Number of orders 
 1.84 1.73 5.28 4.88 
 Active Customers 
 We view the number of active customers as a key indicator of our growth, our value proposition, consumer awareness of our brand, and our customer s desire to purchase our products. In any particular period, we determine our number of active customers by counting the total number of unique customer accounts who have made at least one purchase in the preceding 12-month period, measured from the last date of such period. 
 Average Order Value 
 We define average order value as net sales in a given period divided by the total orders placed in that period. Average order value may fluctuate as we expand into new categories, geographies or channels, or as our assortment changes. 
 Key Financial Metrics 
 The following table sets forth our key financial metrics prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP and non-GAAP financial metrics for each period presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross margin 
 58 55 57 56 Net loss 
 (5,439) (70,410) (16,633) (85,003) Net loss margin 
 (4) (50) (4) (21) Adjusted EBITDA 
 8,208 4,697 17,094 12,451 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 5 3 4 3 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (6,338) 18,042 Free Cash Flow 
 (14,027) 12,580 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA ), Adjusted EBITDA margin and Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for information regarding our use of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and Free Cash Flow and their reconciliation to net income (loss), net income (loss) margin and net cash from operating activities, respectively. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we monitor the following supplemental non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our operating performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions on a consolidated basis. Accordingly, we believe that non-GAAP financial information may provide useful supplemental information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. The non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only. They should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. A reconciliation is provided below for each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude: interest and other expense; benefit from or provision for income taxes; depreciation and amortization expense; equity-based compensation expense; inventory step-up amortization expense; distribution center relocation costs; transaction costs; costs related to severance from headcount reductions; goodwill and intangible asset impairment; sales tax penalties; insured losses, net of any recoveries; and one-time or non-recurring items. We calculate Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent net income (loss) or cash flow from or used in operating activities as it is defined by GAAP and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. Because other companies may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA has other limitations as an analytical tool when compared to the use of net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, including that Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: 
 the interest or other expense we incur; 
 the provision for or benefit from income tax; 
 any attribution of costs to our operations related to our investments and capital expenditures through depreciation and amortization charges; 
 any transaction or debt extinguishment costs; 
 any costs to establish or relocate distribution centers; 
 any costs related to severance from headcount reductions; 
 any impairment of goodwill or intangible assets; 
 any costs related to sales tax penalties; 
 any insured losses, net of recoveries; 
 any non-routine legal matters; 
 any amortization expense associated with fair value adjustments from purchase price accounting, including intangibles or inventory step-up; and 
 the cost of compensation we provide to our employees in the form of equity awards. 
 The following table reflects a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss and Adjusted EBITDA margin to net loss margin, the most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (5,439) (70,410) (16,633) (85,003) Add (deduct): Total other expense, net 3,457 3,339 8,709 10,815 (Benefit from) provision for income tax 
 (90) (3,278) 395 (3,833) Depreciation and amortization expense 4,454 4,533 13,023 14,694 Equity-based compensation expense 2,136 1,719 5,987 5,478 Goodwill impairment 
 68,524 68,524 Non-routine items 
 3,690 270 5,613 1,776 Adjusted EBITDA 8,208 4,697 17,094 12,451 Net loss margin (4) (50) (4) (21) Adjusted EBITDA margin 5 3 4 3 
 Non-routine items include a 2.0 million accrual in connection with the legal matter described in Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; severance from headcount reductions; sales tax penalties; insured losses, net of recoveries; and other non-routine legal matters. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Free Cash Flow 
 We calculate Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities reduced by purchases of property and equipment. Management believes Free Cash Flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing our ability to generate cash. There are limitations related to the use of Free Cash Flow as an analytical tool, including that other companies may calculate Free Cash Flow differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure, and Free Cash Flow does not reflect our future contractual commitments nor does it represent the total residual cash flow for a given period. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (6,338) 18,042 Less: purchases of property and equipment 
 (7,689) (5,462) Free Cash Flow 
 (14,027) 12,580 
 Our Free Cash Flow has fluctuated over time primarily as a result of timing of inventory purchases, purchases of property and equipment and fluctuations in earnings. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash (used in) provided by operating activities decreased by 24.4 million compared to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was attributable primarily to more cash used to purchase inventory in the current period, as compared to the prior period, to support growth in the U.S., partially offset by timing of payments . 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Free Cash Flow decreased by 26.6 million compared to Free Cash Flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was attributable primarily to more cash used to purchase inventory in the current year and additional capital expenditures related to new stores, as compared to the prior year, to support growth in the U.S., partially offset by the timing of payments. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 The macroeconomic environment in which we operate impacts consumer behavior and may have a significant impact on our business. While positive conditions in the economy generally promote customer spending on our sites and in our stores, any economic weakness can result in a reduction of customer spending and have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. Macroeconomic factors that could cause significant negative impacts on our results of operations include, but are not limited to: inflationary pressures on consumers globally and on our supply chain; elevated interest rates; employment rates; business conditions; changes in the housing market; changes in stock markets; adverse developments affecting the financial services industry; the availability of credit, both for us and for our customers; foreign currency exchange rates; fuel, energy and raw materials costs; supply chain challenges; and wars and geopolitical tensions. 
 Brand Awareness 
 Our ability to promote our brands and maintain brand awareness and loyalty is critical to our success. We have a significant opportunity to continue to grow awareness and loyalty to our brands through word of mouth, brand marketing, performance marketing, wholesale and marketplace opportunities, and increased store openings in key locations. We plan to continue to invest in performance marketing and increase our investment in brand awareness across our brands to drive our future growth. Failure to successfully promote our brands and maintain brand awareness would have an adverse impact to our operating results. 
 Customer Acquisition 
 To continue to grow our business profitably, we intend to acquire new customers and retain our existing customers at a reasonable cost. Our methods to acquire customers have evolved and will need to continue evolving in response to changes in shopping behaviors, content consumption, costs to advertise and developments in technology. Competition for social media and influencer-based marketing channels continues to increase, making it more difficult to differentiate ourselves and cost-effectively acquire customers. Failure to continue attracting customers efficiently and profitably would adversely impact our profitability and operating results. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Retention 
 Our results are driven not only by the ability of our brands to acquire customers, but also by their ability to retain customers and encourage repeat purchases. We monitor retention across our entire customer base and use loyalty programs to attempt to retain customers. Failure to retain customers would adversely impact our profitability and operating results . 
 Foreign Currency Rate Fluctuations 
 Our international operations have provided and are expected to continue to provide a significant portion of our Company s net sales and operating income. As a result, our Company s net sales and operating income will continue to be affected by changes in the U.S. dollar against international currencies, predominantly against the Australian dollar. In order to provide a framework for assessing the performance of our underlying business, excluding the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations, we compare the percent change in the results from one period to another period in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q using a constant currency methodology wherein current and comparative prior period results for our operations reporting in currencies other than U.S. dollars are converted into U.S. dollars at constant exchange rates (i.e., the rates in effect on December 31, 2023, which was the last day of our prior fiscal year) rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. Such disclosure throughout our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations will be described as on a constant currency basis. Volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the Company in the future. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and express the relationship of certain line items as a percentage of net sales for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 149,903 140,833 415,674 397,346 Cost of sales 62,983 62,865 177,111 173,522 Gross profit 86,920 77,968 238,563 223,824 Operating expenses: Selling 41,887 36,660 117,293 106,998 Marketing 19,278 18,511 52,432 51,642 General and administrative 27,827 24,622 76,367 74,681 Goodwill impairment 
 68,524 68,524 Total operating expenses 88,992 148,317 246,092 301,845 Loss from operations 
 (2,072) (70,349) (7,529) (78,021) Other expense, net: Interest expense 
 (2,707) (2,798) (7,661) (8,490) Other expense 
 (750) (541) (1,048) (2,325) Total other expense, net (3,457) (3,339) (8,709) (10,815) Loss before income taxes (5,529) (73,688) (16,238) (88,836) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 
 90 3,278 (395) 3,833 Net loss (5,439) (70,410) (16,633) (85,003) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 100 100 100 100 Cost of sales 42 45 43 44 Gross profit 58 55 57 56 Operating expenses: Selling 28 26 28 27 Marketing 13 13 13 13 General and administrative 19 17 18 19 Goodwill impairment 
 49 17 Total operating expenses 59 105 59 76 Loss from operations 
 (1 (50 (2 (20 Other expense, net: Interest expense 
 (2 (2 (2 (2 Other expense 
 (1 (1 Total other expense, net (2 (2 (2 (3 Loss before income taxes (4 (52 (4 (22 Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 
 2 1 Net loss (4 (50 (4 (21 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net sales 
 149,903 140,833 
 Net sales increased by 9.1 million, or 6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by a 6 increase in the number of orders we processed in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, which was primarily driven by growth in the U.S. across all sales channels. On a constant currency basis, net sales and average order value for the three months ended September 30, 2024 would have increased 5 and decreased 1 , respectively, compared to the same period in 2023 . 
 Cost of Sales 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Cost of sales 
 62,983 62,865 Percent of net sales 
 42 45 
 Cost of sales were flat for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. While cost of sales would have increased due to a 6 increase in net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the effect of growing wholesale initiatives, there was an offsetting impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position. The decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position, partially offset by the effect of growing wholesale initiatives. 
 Gross Profit 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Gross profit 86,920 77,968 Gross margin 58 55 
 Gross profit increased by 9.0 million, or 11 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily due to the 6 increase in net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position, partially offset by the effect of growing wholesale initiatives. Gross margin increased due to the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position, partially offset by the effect of growing wholesale initiatives. 
 Selling Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Selling 
 41,887 36,660 Percent of net sales 
 28 26 
 Selling expenses increased by 5.2 million, or 14 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was driven by the opening of additional stores, as well as the 6 increase in net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to the opening of additional stores. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing Expense s 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Marketing 
 19,278 18,511 Percent of net sales 
 13 13 
 Marketing expenses increased by 4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales were flat in the third quarter compared to last year. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 General and administrative 27,827 24,622 Percent of net sales 19 17 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 3.2 million, or 13 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This increase, as well as the increase in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales, was primarily due to a 2.0 million accrual for a legal matter and higher incentive compensation expense. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Goodwill impairment 
 68,524 Percent of net sales 49 
 Goodwill impairment for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was recognized on the goodwill recorded from the acquisitions of the Culture Kings and Petal Pup reporting units. There was no goodwill impairment for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Other expense, net: Interest expense (2,707) (2,798) Other expense 
 (750) (541) Total other expense, net 
 (3,457) (3,339) Percent of net sales 
 (2) (2) 
 Total other expense, net increased by 0.1 million, or 4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and lower interest expense from a reduction in our long-term debt balance. 
 Benefit From Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Benefit from income taxes 
 90 3,278 Percent of net sales 2 
 Benefit from income taxes changed by 3.2 million, or 97 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This change was due to an increase in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets in Australia, as well as an increase in income before income taxes in the United States. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Net sales 
 415,674 397,346 
 Net sales increased by 18.3 million, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by a 8 increase in the number of orders we processed in 2024 compared to 2023, partially offset by a decrease in our average order value of 2 , from 81 in 2023 to 79 in 2024. The increase in the number of orders was primarily driven by growth in the U.S. across all sales channels. The decrease in our average order value was primarily due to adverse macroeconomic conditions in Australia and New Zealand. On a constant currency basis, net sales and average order value for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 would have increased 5 and decreased 3 , respectively, compared to 2023 . 
 Cost of Sales 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Cost of sales 
 177,111 173,522 Percent of net sales 
 43 44 
 Cost of sales increased by 3.6 million, or 2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily driven by the 5 increase in net sales in 2024, as compared to 2023, and the effect of growing wholesale and marketplace initiatives, partially offset by the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position. The decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position, partially offset by the effect of growing wholesale initiatives, as well as growing marketplace initiatives, which have a higher return rate than direct-to-consumer sales. 
 Gross Profit 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Gross profit 238,563 223,824 Gross margin 57 56 
 Gross profit increased by 14.7 million, or 7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily driven by the 5 increase in net sales in 2024, as compared to 2023, and the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position, partially offset by the effect of growing wholesale and marketplace initiatives. Gross margin increased primarily due to the impact from more full price selling and improved inventory position, partially offset by the effect of growing wholesale initiatives, as well as growing marketplace initiatives, which have a higher return rate than direct-to-consumer sales. 
 Selling Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Selling 
 117,293 106,998 Percent of net sales 
 28 27 
 Selling expenses increased by 10.3 million, or 10 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was driven by the opening of additional stores and the impact from growing marketplace initiatives, as well as the 5 increase in net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to growing marketplace initiatives and the opening of additional stores. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Marketing 
 52,432 51,642 Percent of net sales 
 13 13 
 
 Marketing expenses increased by 2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales were flat compared to last year. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 General and administrative 76,367 74,681 Percent of net sales 18 19 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 1.7 million, or 2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 4.2 million increase in incentive and stock-based compensation expense, a 2.0 million accrual for a legal matter, and a 1.5 million increase in other non-routine legal matters. Partially offsetting these increases was a 2.4 million decrease in professional and administrative fees, a 1.4 million decrease in sales tax penalties and interest, a 1.4 million decrease in intangible amortization and a 0.9 million decrease in insurance costs. The decrease in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to higher sales compared to the prior year. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Goodwill impairment 
 68,524 Percent of net sales 17 
 Goodwill impairment for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was recognized on the goodwill recorded from the acquisitions of the Culture Kings and Petal Pup reporting units. There was no goodwill impairment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Other expense, net: Interest expense (7,661) (8,490) Other expense (1,048) (2,325) Total other expense, net 
 (8,709) (10,815) Percent of net sales 
 (2) (3) 
 Other expense, net decreased by 2.1 million, or 19 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower interest expense from a reduction in our long-term debt balance, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the loss recognized on the sale of the Rebdolls reporting unit in 2023. 
 (Provision For) Benefit From Income Taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes 
 (395) 3,833 Percent of net sales 1 
 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes changed by 4.2 million, or 110 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This change was due to an increase in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets in Australia, as well as an increase in the income before income taxes in the United States. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling 23.1 million, our revolving line of credit and our term loan accordion provision. 
 As of September 30, 2024, most of our cash was held for working capital purposes. We have historically financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash flows generated by operations, the incurrence of debt and through the issuance of equity. We believe that our existing cash, together with cash generated from operations and available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and lines of credit, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 12 months. We believe that cash generated from ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements beyond 12 months. However, our liquidity assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and we could exhaust our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. We may seek to borrow funds under our credit facility or raise additional funds at any time through equity, equity-linked or debt financing arrangements. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those described in the section of our 2023 Form 10-K captioned Risk Factors. We may not be able to secure additional financing to meet our operating requirements on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to raise capital if needed would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 In connection with our initial public offering (the IPO ), we entered into a senior secured credit facility comprised of a 100.0 million term loan and a 50.0 million revolving line of credit, with an option of up to 50.0 million in an additional term loan through an accordion provision. We used borrowings under this credit facility, together with a portion of the proceeds from the IPO, to repay our previous debt in full. As of September 30, 2024, we owed a combined 91.2 million in term loan and accordion borrowings, as well as 21.5 million borrowed under the revolving line of credit. The term loan requires us to make amortized annual payments of 5.0 during the first and second years, 7.5 during the third and fourth years and 10.0 during the fifth year with the balance of the loan due at maturity. Borrowings under the term loan accrue interest at Term SOFR (as defined in the credit agreement for the senior secured credit facility (the Credit Agreement )) plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The revolving line of credit, when used, also accrues interest at Term SOFR plus an applicable margin dependent upon our net leverage ratio. The highest interest rates under the Credit Agreement for both the term loan and the revolving line of credit occur at a net leverage ratio of greater than 2.75x, yielding an interest rate of a benchmark rate plus 3.25 . The accordion provision allows us to borrow additional amounts of term loan at terms to be agreed upon at the time of issuance, but on substantially the same basis as the original term loan. As of September 30, 2024, principal payments of our term loan and accordion for the next twelve months are anticipated to total 6.3 million, which reflects the impact of the prepayments made in 2024. 
 Under the senior secured credit facility, we are subject to certain financial covenant ratios and certain annual mandatory prepayment terms based on exces s cash flows, as defined in the Credit Agreement, based on our net leverage ratio. If we are unable to comply with certain financial covenant ratios, which include provisions that are not precisely defined and are subject to interpretation, and terms requiring mandatory prepayment based on a percentage of excess cash flows, our long-term liquidity position may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, the variable interest rates associated with our senior secured credit facility could result in interest payments that are higher than anticipated. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2024, and expect to be in compliance beyond the next 12 months, although our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests can be affected by the interpretation of certain provisions in our Credit Agreement, macro-economic factors and the seasonality of our business, which is more concentrated in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. 
 Refer to Note 7, Debt, in the Notes to our conden sed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our senior secured credit facility. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 There have been no significant changes in our material cash requirements from those reported in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Historical Cash Flo ws 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (6,338) 18,042 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (7,694) (5,521) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 16,235 (38,227) 
 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities consists primarily of net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation, amortization, equity-based compensation, the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash (used in) provided by operating activities decreased by 24.4 million as compared to the same period in 2023. This was attributable primarily to more cash used to purchase inventory in the current period, as compared to the prior period, to support growth in the U.S., partially offset by timing of payments. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Our primary investing activities have consisted of acquisitions to support our overall business growth and investments in our fulfillment centers, our stores and our internally developed software to support our infrastructure. Purchases of property and equipment may vary from period to period due to timing of the expansion of our operations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities increased by 2.2 million, as compared to the same period in 2023. This was attributable to additional capital expenditures related to new stores compared to the prior year. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 Our financing activities have historically consisted of cash proceeds from borrowings, cash used to pay down borrowings, cash received from the sale of our common stock in the IPO and cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by (used in) financing activities increased by 54.5 million, as compared to the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to the 18.2 million in net proceeds from our senior secured credit facility in 2024, as well as the net repayment of 37.3 million in 2023 of borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 25, 2023, our board of directors approved the Share Repurchase Program, authorizing us to repurchase up to 2.0 million of shares of our common stock. Subsequently, in 2023, our board of directors approved an additional repurchase capacity under the Share Repurchase Program of 3.0 million of shares of our common stock. The timing of any of our repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased are at our discretion, and, in deciding when to repurchase shares and the amount of shares to repurchase, we will consider available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations and other legal requirements. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and has no expiration date. All repurchased shares under the Share Repurchase Program will be retired. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 3,380 shares of our common stock under the Share Repurchase Program for 0.1 million, at an average price of 24.66 per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 120,579 shares of our common stock under the Share Repurchase Program for 1.3 million, at an average price of 10.57 per share. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates from those reported in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This evaluation is performed to determine whether our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Due to the material weaknesses described below, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. Nevertheless, based on the performance of additional procedures by management designed to ensure reliability of financial reporting, the Company s management has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses described below, the condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP. 
 Material Weaknesses 
 We have identified two material weaknesses in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the preparation of our financial statements, as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, that had not been remediated as of September 30, 2024. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company s management, including our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024: 
 We had not sufficiently designed, implemented and documented internal controls at the entity level and across key business and financial processes to allow us to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial reporting. 
 We had not designed and implemented controls to maintain appropriate segregation of duties in our manual and information technology-based business processes. 
 These material weaknesses did not result in a misstatement to our annual or interim condensed consolidated financial statements. However, each of these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim condensed consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 Remediation Status of Material Weaknesses 
 Material weakness related to the design, implementation and documentation of internal controls at the entity level and across key business and financial processes. 
 We have taken numerous steps to address the underlying causes of this material weakness. We hired additional experienced financial reporting personnel and put new processes in place to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial reporting. We also hired a third-party consulting firm with expertise to help us design, implement and document our internal controls across the organization. We have continued with controls implementation, enhanced documentation and understanding of certain processes and provided additional training to individuals performing and overseeing these processes and controls. We also implemented a monitoring system to provide more timely information on control performance and have increased our oversight capabilities across the company. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Material weakness related to appropriate segregation of duties in our manual and information technology-based business processes. 
 We continue the process to (i) identify key systems and processes that require improved documentation, (ii) implement enhanced standards designed to meet the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for segregation of duties, (iii) review the design of applicable internal controls and assess any required amendments and (iv) increase the training of accounting and finance staff in relevant areas. During the past year, we also started an Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system implementation project. 
 While progress has been made to remediate both of the material weaknesses above, as of September 30, 2024, we were still in the process of developing and implementing the enhanced processes and procedures and testing the operating effectiveness of these improved controls. We provided process and controls training and have incorporated ongoing training and monitoring as part of our overall control environment. We implemented and continue to implement control improvements and have focused on the increased operational effectiveness of our controls. We selected an ERP system, hired an implementation partner and are in the process of implementation which will provide improvements to our IT-dependent and application controls to help prevent and detect errors, enforce segregation of duties and strengthen controls around manual journal entries. We believe our actions will be effective in remediating the material weaknesses, and we continue to devote significant time and attention to these efforts. In addition, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial processes and procedures have been in place for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Accordingly, the material weaknesses above were not remediated as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In April 2024, we received a cease and desist letter alleging copyright infringement and related claims. This matter has not proceeded to litigation as of the date hereof, and we have accrued 2.0 million to general and administrative expenses for current estimated losses in connection with these claims. The accrual for estimated losses is based on currently available information and may change as new information becomes available or circumstances change. 
 In addition, we are subject to legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. We cu rrently are not certain whether the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which the ruling occurs. The estimate of the potential impact from such legal proceedings on our financial position or results of operations could change in the future. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Reference is made to the information disclosed under Part I, Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in our 2023 Form 10-K , which contains a detailed discussion of certain risk factors that could materially adversely affect the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. There are no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed, nor has the Company identified any previously undisclosed risks that could materially adversely affect the Company s business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 On May 25, 2023, the Company s board of directors approved the Share Repurchase Program, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 2.0 million of shares of the Company s common stock. Subsequently, in 2023, the Company s board of directors approved an additional repurchase capacity under the Share Repurchase Program of 3.0 million of shares of the Company s common stock. The timing of any repurchases by the Company and the actual number of shares repurchased are at the Company s discretion, and, in deciding when to repurchase shares and the amount of shares to repurchase, the Company will consider available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations and other legal requirements. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and has no expiration date. All repurchased shares under the Share Repurchase Program will be retired. 
 The following table sets forth our share repurchase activity, on a settlement date basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Plan or Program 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
 (millions) 2 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 4,912 16.00 1.7 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 26,015 17.59 1.7 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 5,217 24.32 3,380 1.6 Total 36,144 3,380 
 1. 32,764 of these shares represent shares of common stock surrendered by certain of our employees to satisfy their statutory minimum U.S. federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of restricted shares of common stock issued under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. With respect to these surrendered shares, the price paid per share is based on the fair value at the time of surrender. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

2. Reflects the dollar value of shares that may yet be repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program announced on May 25, 2023. The Company s board of directors initially authorized the repurchase of an aggregate of 2.0 million of shares of common stock pursuant to the Share Repurchase Program. On December 18, 2023, the Company announced its board of directors approved an additional repurchase capacity under the Share Repurchase Program of 3.0 million of shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company's directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company's securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein: 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40828), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2021). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp.'s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40828) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2023). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., effective September 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40828), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2021). 
 31.1 Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 __________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is deemed furnished and not filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Ciaran Long 
 Name: Ciaran Long Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Signatory and Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ciaran Long, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Ciaran Long Name Ciaran Long Title Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ciaran Long, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. 
 a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Ciaran Long Name Ciaran Long Title Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 aka-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 aka-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 aka-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 aka-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 aka-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

