<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1755755_0001755755-24-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22150511</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1202917</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5779153</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8825719</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3194642</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2769610</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001755755-24-000086.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101174603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001755755-24-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001755755
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				831268857
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56274
		FILM NUMBER:		241420202

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-276-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001755755-24-000086.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 vhti-20240930.htm
 10-Q

vhti-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________to __________ 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer o Accelerated Filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, the registrant had shares of its Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and no shares of its Class I Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated Unaudited Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 2 
 Consolidated Unaudited Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 3 
 Consolidated Unaudited Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Consolidated Unaudited Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 Part II 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 Signatures 
 40 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q of VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. VineBrook , we , us , our , or the Company other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements. In particular, statements relating to our business and investment strategies, plans or intentions, our liquidity and capital resources, our performance and results of operations, repayment of the Warehouse Facility (as defined below), and the JPM Facility (as defined below), contain forward-looking statements. Furthermore, all statements regarding future financial performance (including market conditions) are forward-looking statements. We caution investors that any forward-looking statements presented in this Form 10-Q are based on management s beliefs and assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used, the words anticipate, believe, could, expect, intend, may, might, plan, estimate, project, should, will, would, result, the negative version of these words and similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. We caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. 
 Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance, liquidity or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 unfavorable changes in economic conditions and their effects on the real estate industry generally and our operations and financial condition, including our ability to access funding and generate returns for stockholders; 
 risks associated with our limited operating history and the possibility that we may not replicate the historical results achieved by other entities managed or sponsored by affiliates of NexPoint Real Estate Advisors V, L.P. (our Adviser ), members of our management team or their affiliates; 
 our dependence on our Adviser and its affiliates and personnel to conduct our day-to-day operations and potential conflicts of interest with our Adviser and its affiliates and personnel; 
 risks associated with the fluctuation in the net asset value NAV per share amounts; 
 loss of key personnel of the Company and our Adviser; 
 the risk we make significant changes to our strategies in a market downturn, or fail to do so; 
 risks associated with ownership of real estate, including properties in transition, subjectivity of valuation, environmental matters and lack of liquidity in our assets; 
 risks associated with acquisitions, including the risk of expanding our scale of operations and acquisitions, which could adversely impact anticipated yields; 
 risks related to increasing property taxes, homeowner s associations HOAs fees and insurance costs may negatively affect our financial results; 
 risks associated with our ability to identify, lease to and retain quality residents; 
 risks associated with leasing real estate, including the risks that rents do not increase sufficiently to keep pace with inflation and other rising costs of operations and loss of residents to competitive pressures from other types of properties or market conditions; 
 risks related to governmental laws, executive orders, regulations and rules applicable to our properties or that may be passed in the future which may impact operations, costs, revenue or growth; 
 risks relating to the timing and costs of the renovation of properties which has the potential to adversely affect our operating results and ability to make distributions; 
 risks associated with pandemics, including the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases; 
 risks related to our ability to change our major policies, operations and targeted investments without stockholder consent; 
 risks related to climate change and natural disasters; 
 risks related to our use of leverage; 
 risks associated with our substantial current indebtedness and indebtedness we may incur in the future, rising interest rates and the availability of sufficient financing; 
 risks related to failure to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust REIT 
 risks related to failure of our OP (defined below) to be taxable as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, possibly causing us to fail to qualify for or to maintain REIT status; 
 risks related to compliance with REIT requirements, which may limit our ability to hedge our liabilities effectively and cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, liquidate certain of our investments or incur tax liabilities; 
 the risk that the Internal Revenue Service IRS may consider certain sales of properties to be prohibited transactions, resulting in a 100 penalty tax on any taxable gain; 
 the ineligibility of dividends payable by REITs for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends; 
 risks associated with the stock ownership restrictions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for REITs and the stock ownership limits imposed by our charter; 
 recent and potential legislative or regulatory tax changes or other actions affecting REITs; 
 failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding indebtedness or pay distributions at expected levels; 
 housing market conditions may discourage rental, which could adversely impact the number and quality of our residents; 
 risks associated with the Highland Capital Management, L.P. Highland bankruptcy, including related litigation and potential conflicts of interest; and 
 any of the other risks included under Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on April 1, 2024 (our "Annual Report"). 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes, except as required by law. 

ii 

Table of Contents 

 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Operating real estate investments Land Buildings and improvements Intangible lease assets Total gross operating real estate investments Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total net operating real estate investments Real estate held for sale, net Total net real estate investments Investments, at fair value Cash Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Prepaid and other assets Interest rate derivatives, at fair value Intangible assets, net Asset-backed securitization certificates Goodwill TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Notes payable, net Credit facilities, net Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Accrued real estate taxes payable Accrued interest payable Security deposit liability Prepaid rents Total Liabilities Redeemable Series A preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP Redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs Stockholders' Equity: Class A Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Series B Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of retained earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental income Other income Total revenues Expenses Property operating expenses Real estate taxes and insurance Property management fees Advisory fees General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Total expenses Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) ) Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net ) ) ) ) Investment income Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments Loss on forfeited deposits ) ) Internalization costs ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A Preferred stock Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income Unrealized (loss)/gain on interest rate hedges ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A Preferred stock Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Loss per share - basic ) ) ) ) Loss per share - diluted ) ) ) ) See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Series B Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances, June 30, 2024 ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock Redemptions of Class A common stock ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Common stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Series B Preferred stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to stockholders ) ) Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) 
 Series B Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock Redemptions of Class A common stock ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Common stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Series B Preferred stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to stockholders ) ) Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Series B Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances, June 30, 2023 ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock Redemptions of Class A common stock ) ) ) Issuance of Series B Preferred stock, net of offering costs Equity-based compensation Common stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Series B Preferred stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to stockholders Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 Series B Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock Redemptions of Class A common stock ) ) ) Issuance of Series B Preferred stock, net of offering costs Equity-based compensation Common stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Series B Preferred stock dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to stockholders Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) Adjustments to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net Depreciation and amortization Non-cash interest expense Net cash received/(paid) on derivative settlements Loss on extinguishment of debt Equity-based compensation Loss on forfeited deposits Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Operating assets ) ) Operating liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Internalization of the Manager Net proceeds from sales of real estate Prepaid deposits Insurance proceeds received Additions to real estate investments ) ) Acquisition of preferred equity interests ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Notes payable proceeds received Notes payable payments ) ) Credit facilities proceeds received Credit facilities principal payments ) ) Bridge facilities proceeds received Bridge facilities principal payments ) Financing costs paid ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock Redemptions of Class A common stock paid ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Series B Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of stock-based compensation ) ) Proceeds from issuance of redeemable Series B preferred stock, net of offering costs Redemptions of Series A Preferred stock paid ) ) Series A Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) Redemptions by redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs Distributions to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Redemptions to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Change in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Interest paid, net of amount capitalized Cash paid for income and franchise taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Activities Accrued insurance proceeds Accrued dividends payable to common stockholders Accrued distributions payable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP Accrued dividends payable to Series A preferred stockholders Accrued redemptions payable to common stockholders Accrued capital expenditures Accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A preferred stock Asset backed securitization certificates Write off of fully amortized deferred financing costs Issuance of Class A common stock related to DRIP dividends DRIP dividends to common stockholders ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP related to DRIP distributions DRIP distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs related to DRIP distributions DRIP distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs related to DRIP distributions DRIP distributions to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) 
 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1 . 
 Class A, Class B and Class C units of the OP (collectively, OP Units ), of which Class A OP Units, or , were owned by the Company, Class B OP Units, or , were owned by NexPoint Real Estate Opportunities, LLC NREO ), Class C OP Units, or , were owned by NRESF REIT Sub, LLC NRESF ), Class C OP Units, or , were owned by GAF REIT, LLC GAF REIT and Class C OP Units, or , were owned by limited partners that were sellers in the Formation Transaction (defined below) (the VineBrook Contributors or other Company insiders. NREO, NRESF and GAF REIT are noncontrolling limited partners unaffiliated with the Company but are affiliates of the Adviser (defined below). The Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the OP (the OP LPA generally provides that Class A OP Units and Class B OP Units each have of the voting power of the OP Units, including with respect to the election of directors to the board of directors of the OP whose sole responsibility is appointment and removal of the general partner of the OP, and the Class C OP Units have no voting power. Each Class A OP Unit, Class B OP Unit and Class C OP Unit otherwise represents substantially the same economic interest in the OP. VineBrook Homes OP GP, LLC (the OP GP ), is the general partner of the OP with exclusive management powers over the business and affairs of the OP and as of August 3, 2023, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company determined it must consolidate the OP under the VIE model as it was determined the Company both controls the direct activities of the OP and has the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the OP. The Company has control to direct the activities of the OP because the OP GP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company determined it was the party most closely associated with the OP. 
 The Company began operations on November 1, 2018 as a result of the acquisition of various partnerships and limited liability companies owned and operated by the VineBrook Contributors and other third parties, which owned SFR assets located in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana (the Initial Portfolio for a total purchase price of approximately million, including closing and financing costs of million (the Formation Transaction ). On November 1, 2018, the Company accepted subscriptions for shares of its Class A common stock, par value Common Stock ), for gross proceeds of approximately million in connection with the Formation Transaction. The proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock were used to acquire OP Units. The OP used the capital contribution from the Company to fund a portion of the purchase price for the Initial Portfolio. The remaining purchase price and closing costs were funded by a capital contribution totaling million from NREO, million of equity rolled over from VineBrook Contributors, and million from a Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac mortgage (the Initial Mortgage provided by KeyBank N.A. KeyBank ). On May 1, 2019 (the Release Date ), approximately million worth of OP Units were released to various VineBrook Contributors from an indemnity reserve escrow that was established at the time the Initial Portfolio was acquired. From the time the escrow reserve was established until the Release Date, no indemnity claims were made against said escrow. 
 Between November 1, 2018 and September 30, 2024, the Company, through the special purpose limited liability companies SPEs owned by the OP, purchased additional homes and sold homes within the VineBrook reportable segment (see Note 4), and through the OP s consolidated investment in NexPoint Homes (as defined in Note 2) purchased additional homes and sold homes. Together with the Initial Portfolio, the Company, through the OP s SPEs, indirectly owned an interest in homes (the "VineBrook Portfolio") in states, and with its consolidation of NexPoint Homes, indirectly owned an interest in an additional homes (the NexPoint Homes Portfolio ), for a total of homes in states as of September 30, 2024. We refer to the VineBrook Portfolio and the NexPoint Homes Portfolio collectively as our Portfolio. The acquisitions of the additional homes in the VineBrook reportable segment were funded by loans (see Note 5), proceeds from the sale of Common Stock and Preferred Stock (defined below) and excess cash generated from operations. 
 The Company is externally managed by NexPoint Real Estate Advisors V, L.P. (the Adviser ), through an agreement dated November 1, 2018, subsequently amended and restated on May 4, 2020, and further amended on October 25, 2022 and February 27, 2024 (the Advisory Agreement ). The Advisory Agreement will automatically renew on the anniversary of the renewal date for terms hereafter, unless otherwise terminated. The Adviser provides asset management services to the Company. Prior to the OP acquiring all of the outstanding equity interests of VineBrook Homes, LLC (the Manager ), which was completed on August 3, 2023 (the Internalization ), the OP caused the SPEs to retain the Manager, an affiliate of certain VineBrook Contributors, to renovate, lease, maintain, and operate the VineBrook properties under management agreements (as amended, the Management Agreements that generally have an initial term with automatic renewals, unless otherwise terminated. The Management Agreements were supplemented by a side letter (as amended and restated, the Side Letter by and among the Company, the OP, the OP GP, the Manager and certain of its affiliates. Certain SPEs from time to time may have property management agreements with independent third parties. These are typically the result of maintaining legacy property managers after an acquisition to help transition the properties to the Company or, in the case of a future sale, to manage the properties until they are sold. All of the Company s investment decisions are made by employees of the Company and Adviser, subject to general oversight by the OP s investment committee and the Company s board of directors (the Board ). Because the equity holders of the Manager own OP Units, the Manager is considered an affiliate for financial reporting disclosure purposes for periods before August 3, 2023 (see Note 13). 
 The Company s primary investment objectives are to provide our residents with affordable, safe, clean and functional dwellings with a high level of service through institutional management and a renovation program on the homes purchased, while enhancing the cash flow and value of properties owned. We intend to acquire properties with cash flow growth potential, provide quarterly cash distributions and achieve long-term capital appreciation for our stockholders. 
 On August 28, 2018, the Company commenced the offering of shares of Common Stock through a continuous private placement (the Private Offering ), under regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act (and various state securities law provisions) for a maximum of billion of its Common Stock. The Private Offering closed on September 14, 2022. The initial offering price for shares of Common Stock sold through the Private Offering was per share. The Company conducted periodic closings and sold Common Stock shares at the prior net asset value NAV per share as determined using the valuation methodology recommended by the Adviser and approved by the pricing committee (the Pricing Committee of the Board (the Valuation Methodology ), plus applicable fees and commissions. The NAV per share is calculated on a fully diluted basis and is unaudited. NAV may differ from the values of our real estate assets as calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 million and million of impairment charges on real estate assets, respectively, mostly related to assets that were held for sale, which are included in loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded approximately million and million of impairment charges on real estate assets, respectively, mostly related to assets that were held for sale, which are included in loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). significant impairments on operating properties were recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 years Goodwill Not depreciated 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC 360-10, wherein an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. impairment losses on intangible assets have been recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 impairment losses on goodwill have been recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The goodwill did not exist before August 3, 2023, as the goodwill resulted from the Internalization of the Manager that closed on August 3, 2023. 
 Held to Maturity Investments 
 Investments in debt securities that we have a positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held to maturity and are presented within asset-backed securitization certificates on our consolidated balance sheets. These investments are recorded at amortized cost. Investments are reviewed at each reporting period for declines in fair value below the amortized cost basis that are other than temporary. Interest income, including amortization of any premium or discount, is classified as investment income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 In connection with the Company s asset backed securitization transactions (as discussed in Note 6), we have retained and purchased certificates totaling approximately million. These investments in debt securities are classified as held to maturity investments. As of September 30, 2024, we have not recognized any credit losses with respect to these investments in debt securities, and our retained certificates are scheduled to mature over the next five years. 
 Restricted cash Total cash and restricted cash 
 million and million of variable lease payments, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, rental income includes million and million of variable lease payments, respectively. 
 Gains on sales of properties are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in ASC 610-20, Other Income. We recognize a full gain on sale when the derecognition criteria under ASC 610-20 have been met, which is included in loss on sales and impairment of real estate on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). ) ) ) Adjustments: Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A Preferred stock Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) ) Denominator for earnings (loss) per share: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Weighted average unvested RSUs, PI Units, Earned Performance Shares and OP Units (1) Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings (loss) per weighted average common share: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, excludes approximately shares and shares, respectively, related to the assumed vesting of RSUs, earned performance shares and PI Units and the conversion of OP Units and vested PI Units to Common Stock, as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, excludes approximately shares and shares, respectively, related to the assumed vesting of RSUs, earned performance shares and PI Units and the conversion of OP Units and vested PI Units to Common Stock, as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 3 . 
 properties in the VineBrook reportable segment and properties in the NexPoint Homes reportable segment, through 15 SPEs and their various subsidiaries and through the consolidated investment in NexPoint Homes. The following table presents the ownership structure of each SPE group that directly or indirectly owns the title to each real estate asset as of September 30, 2024, the number of assets held, the cost of those assets, the resulting debt allocated to each SPE and whether the debt is a mortgage loan. The table presents the debt allocations to each SPE that collateralize the related debt per the loan agreements. The mortgage loan may be settled from the assets of the below entity or entities to which the loan is made. 
 Yes NREA VB II, LLC Yes NREA VB III, LLC Yes NREA VB IV, LLC Yes NREA VB V, LLC Yes NREA VB VI, LLC Yes NREA VB VII, LLC Yes True FM2017-1, LLC Yes VB One, LLC No VB Two, LLC No VB Three, LLC No VB Five, LLC Yes VB Eight, LLC No VB Nine, LLC Yes VB Ten, LLC Yes VineBrook Homes Borrower 1, LLC Yes VineBrook Homes Borrower 2, LLC Yes NexPoint Homes No (2) (1) Assets held, directly or indirectly, by VB One, LLC, VB Two, LLC, VB Three, LLC, VB Eight, LLC and NexPoint Homes and its subsidiaries are not encumbered by a mortgage. Instead, the applicable lender has an equity pledge in certain assets of the respective SPEs and an equity pledge in the equity of the respective SPEs. 
 (2) In addition to the debt allocated to the SPEs noted above, as of September 30, 2024, NexPoint Homes had approximately million of debt (excluding amounts owed to the OP from NexPoint Homes, as these are eliminated in consolidation) not collateralized directly by homes which reflects the amount outstanding on the SFR OP Convertible Notes, the SFR OP Note Payable I and the SFR OP Note Payable II (as defined in Note 5) as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 homes, including homes in the VineBrook reportable segment and homes in the NexPoint Homes reportable segment. As of December 31, 2023, the Company through the OP and its SPE subsidiaries, owned homes, including homes in the VineBrook reportable segment and homes in the NexPoint Homes reportable segment. 
 ) Additions (2) ) (3) Transfers to held for sale ) ) ) Reclasses ) ) ) ) Dispositions ) ) ) ) Impairment ) ) ) Real Estate Balances, September 30, 2024 ) (1) Includes capitalized interest, real estate taxes, insurance and other costs incurred during rehabilitation of the properties. 
 (2) Includes capitalized interest of approximately million and other capitalizable costs outlined in (1) above of approximately million. 
 (3) Accumulated depreciation and amortization activity excludes approximately 0.5 million of depreciation and amortization related to assets not classified as real estate investments. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized depreciation expense of approximately million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized depreciation expense of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Real estate acquisitions and dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company acquired no additional homes within the VineBrook and NexPoint Homes reportable segments. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company, through the OP, disposed of homes within the VineBrook reportable segment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company, through its consolidated investment in NexPoint Homes, disposed of homes. The Company strategically identified those homes for disposal and expects the disposal of these properties to be accretive to the Portfolio's results of operations and overall performance. 
 On August 3, 2022, VB Five, LLC, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into a purchase agreement under which the VB Five, LLC agreed to acquire a portfolio of approximately SFR homes located in Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Ohio and Texas (the Tusk Portfolio ). Also on August 3, 2022, VB Five, LLC entered into a purchase agreement under which VB Five, LLC agreed to acquire a portfolio of approximately SFR homes located in Arizona, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Ohio and Texas (the Siete Portfolio ). On January 17, 2023, the Company, through its indirect subsidiary, VB Seven, LLC, entered into an agreement under which the acquisition of the Tusk Portfolio was terminated by the seller and VB Seven, LLC forfeited its initial deposit of approximately million. Additionally, on January 17, 2023, the Company, through its indirect subsidiary, VB Seven, LLC, entered into an agreement under which the acquisition of the Siete Portfolio was terminated by the seller and VB Seven, LLC forfeited its initial deposit of approximately million. The total initial deposit forfeitures of million from the Tusk Portfolio and the Siete Portfolio are included in loss on forfeited deposits on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Held for sale properties 
 The Company periodically classifies real estate assets as held for sale when the held for sale criteria is met in accordance with GAAP. At that time, the Company presents the net real estate assets separately in its consolidated balance sheet, and the Company ceases recording depreciation and amortization expense related to that property. Real estate held for sale is reported at the lower of its carrying amount or its estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded approximately million and million of impairment charges on real estate assets held for sale, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there are homes that are classified as held for sale. These held for sale properties have a carrying amount of approximately million. 
 Hurricane Helene 
 During September 2024, Hurricane Helene hit the southeastern seaboard of the United States generally affecting Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia and Tennessee. Approximately homes in the VineBrook Portfolio were affected directly and indirectly by Hurricane Helene within the following markets: Augusta, Cincinnati, Columbia, Atlanta, Triad, Huntsville, Indianapolis, Greenville, Dayton and Montgomery. Due to the recency of this event, the Company is currently assessing the impact of the damage to the VineBrook Portfolio. The Company has not recognized a loss for the damage as the amount of the loss, or a range of possible losses, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The Company will recognize a loss when it has sufficient information to make a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss. The Company has windstorm, flood and other casualty insurance coverage that management believes will materially cover the cost of the damage. Additionally, the Company has business interruption insurance that management believes will cover lost rents on the homes affected by this event. The insurance coverage is subject to certain deductibles and the Company is currently working with the insurance carrier to determine the amount of the deductible. The amount of the deductible is not expected to exceed million and any damage is expected to be within the limits of the insurance policy. 
 The NexPoint Homes reportable segment saw minimal damage related to Hurricane Helene as it only affected homes in the NexPoint Homes Portfolio. Due to the recency of this event, the Company is still assessing the impact of Hurricane Helene on the NexPoint Homes Portfolio. The Company has casualty insurance coverage that management believes will materially cover the cost of the damage. The Company has not recognized a loss for the damage as the amount of the loss, or a range of possible losses, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The Company will recognize a loss when it has sufficient information to make a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 billion of debt outstanding, and the NexPoint Homes reportable segment had million of debt outstanding. 
 12/1/2025 Warehouse Facility Floating 5/3/2025 (2) JPM Facility Floating 1/31/2025 (3) ABS I Loan Fixed 12/8/2028 ABS II Loan Fixed 3/9/2029 MetLife Note Fixed 1/31/2026 MetLife Term Loan I Fixed 8/22/2029 TrueLane Mortgage Fixed 2/1/2028 Crestcore II Note Fixed 7/9/2029 Crestcore IV Note Fixed 7/9/2029 PNC Loan I Fixed 2/19/2024 PNC Loan II Fixed 12/29/2024 PNC Loan III Fixed 12/15/2025 Total VineBrook reportable segment debt NexPoint Homes MetLife Note 1 Fixed 3/3/2027 NexPoint Homes MetLife Note 2 Fixed 8/12/2027 NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility Floating 12/31/2024 SFR OP Note Payable I Fixed 4/25/2025 SFR OP Note Payable II Fixed 3/31/2025 SFR OP Convertible Notes (4) Fixed 6/30/2027 Total debt Debt premium, net (5) Debt discount, net (6) ) ) Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) (1) Represents the interest rate as of September 30, 2024. Except for fixed rate debt, the interest rate is 30-day average SOFR, daily SOFR or one-month term SOFR, plus an applicable margin. The 30-day average SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was , daily SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was and one-month term SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 (2) The initial maturity for the Warehouse Facility (as defined below) prior to extension options being exercised was November 3, 2024. To extend the Warehouse Facility, the Company cannot be in default, must meet certain financial covenants and needs to pay a fee of of the maximum revolving commitment at that time. The Company exercised its first extension option to extend the Warehouse Facility maturity date to May 3, 2025 on November 1, 2024. The maturity date after the second extension is November 3, 2025. 
 (3) This is the initial maturity date for the JPM Facility (as defined below). The JPM Facility has a -month extension option subject to approval from the lender. 
 (4) The SFR OP Convertible Notes exclude the amounts owed to NexPoint Homes by the SFR OP, as these are eliminated in consolidation. (5) The Company reflected valuation adjustments on its assumed fixed rate debt to adjust it to fair market value on the dates of acquisition for the difference between the fair value and the assumed principal amount of debt. The difference is amortized into interest expense over the remaining terms of the debt. (6) The Company reflected a discount on ABS I Loan and ABS II Loan (as defined below), which is amortized into interest expense over the remaining term of the debt. 
 Additionally, we have included a summary of debt agreements and significant changes to the agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 below. 
 JPM Facility 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into a non-recourse carveout guaranty and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of VB Three, LLC (as borrowers) entered into a million credit agreement with JP Morgan (the JPM Facility ). The JPM Facility is secured by equity pledges in VB Three, LLC and its wholly owned subsidiaries and bore interest at a variable rate equal to one-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus . The JPM Facility is interest-only and was due in full on March 1, 2023. On March 10, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the JPM Facility, wherein each advance under the JPM Facility will bear interest at the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus . On January 31, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the JPM Facility, wherein the total facility amount was updated to million, and the maturity date was extended to January 31, 2025, which may be extended for months upon submission of an extension request, subject to approval. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the JPM Facility to give the Company credit for pledging an interest rate cap by reducing the interest reserve requirements under the JPM Facility based on the capped rate. On December 21, 2023, the Company drew an additional million on the JPM Facility of which the draw proceeds, along with cash on hand, were used to pay off the Bridge Facility III (as defined below) in full. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company drew an additional million on the JPM Facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid down approximately million on the JPM Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the JPM Facility had million in available capacity. The outstanding balance on the JPM Facility as of September 30, 2024, is approximately million. The balance of the JPM Facility, net of unamortized deferred financing costs, is included in credit facilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Asset Backed Securitization I 
 On December 6, 2023, the OP completed a securitization transaction, in connection with which VineBrook Homes Borrower 1, LLC, an indirect special purpose subsidiary of the OP (the ABS I Borrower entered into a loan agreement (the ABS I Loan Agreement with Bank of America, National Association, as lender (the ABS I Lender ), providing for a , fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of million (the ABS I Loan ). 
 Concurrent with the execution of the ABS I Loan Agreement, the ABS I Lender sold the ABS I Loan to VineBrook Homes Depositor A, LLC (the Depositor ), an indirect subsidiary of the OP, which, in turn, transferred the ABS I Loan to a trust in exchange for (i) million principal amount of Class A pass-through certificates (the Class A Certificates ), (ii) million principal amount of Class B pass-through certificates (the Class B Certificates ), (iii) million principal amount of Class C pass-through certificates (the Class C Certificates ), (iv) million principal amount of Class D pass-through certificates (the Class D Certificates ), (v) million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the Class E1 Certificates ), (vi) million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the Class E2 Certificates, and collectively with the Class A Certificates, Class B Certificates, Class C Certificates, Class D Certificates and Class E1 Certificates, the Regular Certificates ), and (vii) Class R pass-through certificates (the Class R Certificates, and together with the Regular Certificates, the Certificates ). The Certificates represent beneficial ownership interests in the trust and its assets, including the ABS I Loan. 
 The Depositor sold the Certificates, acquired by the Depositor in the manner described above, to placement agents who resold the Certificates to investors in a private offering. The Regular Certificates are exempt from registration under the Securities Act and are exempted securities under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). To satisfy applicable risk retention rules, the OP completed a securitization transaction, VINE 2023-SFR1, providing for a , fixed-rate, interest-only loan of Class F certificates Class F Certificates with a total principal amount of million. The Company evaluated the purchased Class F Certificates as a variable interest in the trust and concluded that the Class F Certificates do not provide the Company with an ability to direct activities that could impact the trust s economic performance. The Company does not consolidate the trust and the million of purchased Class F Certificates are reflected as asset-backed securitization certificates in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Depositor used the proceeds from the sale of the Certificates to purchase the ABS I Loan from the ABS I Lender, as described above. The Regular Certificates were sold to investors at a discount and the OP retained the Class F Certificate (as described above), with the result that the proceeds, before closing costs, from the ABS I Loan to the ABS I Borrower were approximately million. The net proceeds of million were used to partially pay down the Warehouse Facility. 
 The balance of the ABS I Loan, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and debt discount, is included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The ABS I Loan is collateralized by SFR homes, and as of September 30, 2024, approximately of the Portfolio served as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the ABS 
 I Loan. The ABS I Loan, is segregated into tranches, all of which accrue interest at and have a maturity date of December 8, 2028. 
 Asset Backed Securitization II 
 On February 29, 2024, the OP, via its indirect special purpose subsidiary, VineBrook Homes Borrower 2, LLC (the ABS II Borrower ), completed an asset backed securitization ABS II and entered into a loan agreement (the ABS II Loan Agreement with BofA Securities, Inc., as sole structuring agent, joint bookrunner and co-lead manager, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, as joint bookrunner and co-lead manager and Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. ("Raymond James"), and Truist Securities, Inc., as co-managers (the ABS II Loan ). 
 Concurrent with the execution of the ABS II Loan Agreement, the lender sold the ABS II Loan to the Depositor, an indirect subsidiary of the OP, which, in turn, transferred the loan to a trust in exchange for (i) million principal amount of Class A pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class A Certificates ), (ii) million principal amount of Class B pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class B Certificates ), (iii) million principal amount of Class C pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class C Certificates ), (iv) million principal amount of Class D pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class D Certificates ), (v) million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class E1 Certificates ), (vi) million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class E2 Certificates, and collectively with the ABS II Class A Certificates, ABS II Class B Certificates, ABS II Class C Certificates, ABS II Class D Certificates and ABS II Class E1 Certificates, the ABS II Regular Certificates ), and (vii) ABS II Class R pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class R Certificates, and together with the ABS II Regular Certificates, the ABS II Certificates ). Initially, the OP also retained million of the ABS II Class A Certificates, million of the ABS II Class B Certificates, and million of the ABS II Class C Certificates. On July 11, 2024, the OP sold million of the ABS II Class B Certificates. On July 24, 2024, the OP sold million of the ABS II Class A Certificates. On September 25, 2024, the OP sold million of the ABS II Class C Certificates. The ABS II Certificates represented beneficial ownership interests in the trust and its assets, including the ABS II Loan, and these ABS II Certificates were all sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Depositor sold the ABS II Certificates, acquired by the Depositor in the manner described above, to placement agents who resold the Certificates to investors in a private offering. The ABS II Regular Certificates are exempt from registration under the Securities Act and are exempted securities under the Exchange Act. To satisfy applicable risk retention rules, the OP purchased and retained the ABS II Class F component, totaling million. Additionally, the OP purchased and retained a portion of the ABS II Class A, Class B and Class C components, totaling million, million and million, respectively. The Company evaluated the purchased ABS II Class A, Class B, Class C and Class F certificates as a variable interest in the trust and concluded that the ABS II Class A, Class B, Class C and Class F certificates do not provide the Company with an ability to direct activities that could impact the trust s economic performance. The Company does not consolidate the trust and million of the ABS II Certificates are reflected as asset-backed securitization certificates on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. For the ABS II Class A, Class B and Class C certificates, the Company elected the fair value option in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments , and measures the change in fair value as change in unrealized gain/(loss) on asset-backed securitization certificates in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The Depositor used the proceeds from the sale of the ABS II Certificates to purchase the ABS II Loan from the lender, as described above. The ABS II Regular Certificates were sold to investors at a discount and the OP retained the entire Class F certificate (as described above), with the result that the proceeds, before closing costs, from the ABS II Loan to the ABS II Borrower were approximately million. A portion of the net proceeds from the ABS II were used to pay down million on the JPM Facility and fund reserves per the credit agreement. 
 The balance of the ABS II Loan, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and debt discount, is included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The ABS II Loan is collateralized by SFR homes, and as of September 30, 2024, approximately of the Portfolio served as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the ABS II Loan. The ABS II Loan, is segregated into tranches, Components A through F, providing for a 5-year, fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of million. The weighted average interest rate of the ABS II Regular Certificates (Class A through E2) is and have a maturity date of March 9, 2029. 
 3/9/2029 Tranche B 3/9/2029 Tranche C 3/9/2029 Tranche D 3/9/2029 Tranche E1 3/9/2029 Tranche E2 3/9/2029 Total ABS II Loan 
 Warehouse Facility 
 On September 20, 2019, the OP (as guarantor) and VB One, LLC (as borrower) entered into a credit facility (the Warehouse Facility with KeyBank. On August 14, 2024, the OP entered into a Seventh Amendment to the Warehouse Facility (the Warehouse Seventh Amendment with KeyBank, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. The Warehouse Seventh Amendment, among other things, provided for (1) a reduction in the maximum commitment of the Warehouse Facility; (2) reduced unused facility fees; (3) modifications and additions of certain covenants, including adjusting the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio to not less than to 1.0, effective as of January 1, 2024; (4) in connection with sales of assets to unaffiliated third parties, the prepayment of the commitment amount with of such proceeds until the commitment under the Warehouse Facility is reduced to million and with of such proceeds thereafter; provided that certain additional amounts may be required to be prepaid if the outstanding principal balance would exceed the value of the assets in the borrowing base following such sale; (5) the reduction of the outstanding principal balance to be no more than million by October 31, 2024 (the Commitment Reduction ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid down approximately million on the Warehouse Facility. All repayments under the Warehouse Facility will permanently reduce the commitment amount under the Warehouse Facility and may not be reborrowed. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the Warehouse Facility was approximately million, which is below the required Commitment Reduction. 
 PNC Loans 
 
 In connection with the Internalization of the Manager, the Company, through the OP, assumed three PNC equipment loans PNC Loan I , PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III ), which bear interest at fixed rates of , and , respectively. PNC Loan I, PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III matured on February 19, 2024 and will mature on December 29, 2024 and December 15, 2025, respectively, and require monthly principal and interest payments. The PNC Loan I was paid off in full in February 2024. The PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III were paid off in full in April 2024. The balances of these loans are included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 MetLife Term Loan I Facilities 
 
 On August 22, 2024, VB Nine, LLC VB Nine and VB Ten, LLC VB Ten ), indirect subsidiaries of the Company, as borrowers, entered into credit agreements for term loan credit facilities (collectively, the MetLife Term Loan I Facilities with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, and the lenders party thereto from time to time, which provided a total commitment of million. Borrowings under the MetLife Term Loan I Facilities are secured by an equity pledge by VB Nine Equity and VB Ten Equity of their equity interests in VB Nine and VB Ten, respectively, and the property and assets held by VB Nine and VB Ten, respectively, and bear interest at a fixed rate equal to . The MetLife Term Loan I Facilities are full-term, interest-only facilities that mature on August 22, 2029. The Company used million of the proceeds to pay down a portion of the outstanding amounts under the Warehouse Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the MetLife Term Loan I Facilities was approximately million. 
 NexPoint Homes 
 In addition to the debt agreements discussed above for the VineBrook reportable segment, as of September 30, 2024, the NexPoint Homes reportable segment had million of debt outstanding included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets, which is comprised of two consolidated notes with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (the NexPoint Homes MetLife Note 1 and NexPoint Homes MetLife Note 2 ), NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility (as defined below), the SFR OP Note Payable I (as defined below), the SFR OP Note Payable II (as defined below) and the SFR OP Convertible Notes (as defined in Note 10). See the summary table above for further information on the debt of the NexPoint Homes reportable segment. 
 NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility 
 On August 12, 2022, a subsidiary of the SFR OP as borrower closed a million revolver facility with KeyBank, as lender (the NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility ). On December 30, 2022, a subsidiary of SFR OP as borrower closed on an additional million on the NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility, bringing the total commitment to million as of December 31, 2022. The NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility initially matured on August 12, 2025 and bore interest at a floating rate of to basis points, depending on the borrower s leverage ratio, over SOFR. After amendments to the NexPoint Homes Key Bank Facility loan agreement, the NexPoint Homes Key Bank Facility bears interest at a floating rate of to basis points, depending on the borrower s leverage ratio, over SOFR and matures on December 31, 2024 with a maximum commitment of 60.5 million. The outstanding balance on the NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility as of September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 
 SFR OP Note Payable I 
 On October 25, 2023, the SFR OP as borrower entered into a promissory note with NexPoint Diversified Real Estate Trust Operating Partnership, L.P. as lender (the SFR OP Note Payable I for million. The SFR OP Note Payable I bears interest at a fixed rate of and had an original maturity date of April 25, 2024. On April 25, 2024, the SFR OP Note Payable I was amended to modify the maturity date to be April 25, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the SFR OP Note Payable I is million. 
 SFR OP Note Payable II 
 On March 31, 2024, the SFR OP as borrower entered into a promissory note with NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc. as lender (the SFR OP Note Payable II for million. The SFR OP Note Payable II matures on March 31, 2025 and bears interest at a fixed rate of . As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the SFR OP Note Payable II is million. 
 Weighted Average Interest 
 The weighted average interest rate of the Company s debt was as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the adjusted weighted average interest rate of the Company s debt, including the effect of derivative financial instruments, was and , respectively. For purposes of calculating the adjusted weighted average interest rate of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2024, including the effect of derivative financial instruments, the Company has included the weighted average fixed rate of on its combined billion notional amount of interest rate swap and cap agreements, representing a weighted average fixed rate for daily SOFR and one-month term SOFR, which effectively fixes the interest rate on billion of the Company s floating rate indebtedness. 
 Schedule of Debt Maturities 
 2025 (1) 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total (1) Includes the maturity of the Warehouse Facility after extension options. To extend the Warehouse Facility, the Company cannot be in default, must meet certain financial covenants and needs to pay a fee of 0.1 of the maximum revolving commitment at that time. The initial maturity date was November 3, 2024 and was extended to May 3, 2025 on November 1, 2024. This also includes the maturity of the JPM Facility that has a 12-month extension option subject to approval from the lender. 
 Each reporting period, management evaluates the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with ASC 205-40, Going Concern , by evaluating conditions and events, including assessing the liquidity needs to meet obligations as they become due within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The Company has significant debt obligations of approximately million coming due within 12 months of the financial statement issuance date, primarily related to the Warehouse Facility, JPM Facility and NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility. As of the date of issuance, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to satisfy these obligations. In order to satisfy obligations as they mature, management intends to evaluate its options and may seek to: (i) make partial loan pay downs, (ii) utilize extension options contractually available under existing debt instruments, and (iii) sell homes from its portfolio and pay down debt balances with the net sale proceeds. The Company s ability to meet its debt obligations as they come due is dependent upon its ability to meet debt covenants, which it currently projects to do, in order to extend existing obligations, its ability to refinance debt and its ability to sell homes from its portfolio to pay down the balances. The sale of homes from the Portfolio could cause a decrease in net operating income but is expected to be offset by the interest savings from the pay downs. Management believes these plans by the Company will be sufficient to satisfy the obligations as they become due. These financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with GAAP and this basis assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 In addition, the Company has debt coming due beyond twelve months from the date of these financial statements, including the Warehouse Facility that the Company expects will be due on November 3, 2025 after exercising the remaining six-month extension option. On November 1, 2024, the Company utilized the first six-month extension option on the Warehouse Facility which extended the maturity date of the Warehouse Facility to May 3, 2025. The Company has a remaining contractual six-month extension option available under the Warehouse Facility which would extend the maturity of the Warehouse Facility to November 3, 2025. The Company does not currently have sufficient liquidity to pay down these obligations and intends to refinance these obligations primarily using debt or equity financing before they come due. Given its historical ability to refinance debt, the Company expects to be able to refinance the debt as necessary. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 The Company defers costs incurred in obtaining financing and amortizes the costs over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Deferred financing costs, net of amortization, are recorded as a reduction from the related debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Upon repayment of, or in conjunction with, a material change in the terms of the underlying debt agreement, any unamortized costs are charged to loss on extinguishment of debt. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization of deferred financing costs of approximately million and million, respectively, and amortization of loan discounts of approximately million and , respectively, are included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization of deferred financing costs of approximately million and million, respectively, and amortization of loan discounts of approximately million and , respectively, are included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 9/1/2019 12/21/2025 KeyBank Daily SOFR (2) 2/3/2020 2/1/2025 KeyBank Daily SOFR (2) 3/2/2020 3/3/2025 KeyBank Daily SOFR (2) 3/31/2022 11/1/2025 KeyBank Daily SOFR 3/31/2022 11/1/2025 KeyBank Daily SOFR 3/31/2022 11/1/2025 KeyBank Daily SOFR 6/1/2022 11/1/2025 Mizuho Daily SOFR 6/1/2022 11/1/2025 Mizuho Daily SOFR 6/1/2022 11/1/2025 Mizuho Daily SOFR 7/1/2022 11/1/2025 Mizuho Daily SOFR 4/3/2023 11/1/2025 Mizuho Daily SOFR (3) (1) As of September 30, 2024, daily SOFR was . 
 (2) These interest rate swaps previously referenced one-month LIBOR, which ceased publication on June 30, 2023. Beginning July 1, 2023, these interest rate swaps transitioned to daily SOFR plus for the floating rate. 
 (3) Represents the weighted average fixed rate of the interest rate swaps which have a combined weighted average fixed rate of . 
 
 11/1/2025 One-Month Term SOFR 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Interest rate derivatives, at fair value Interest rate caps Interest rate derivatives, at fair value Total 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage the Company s exposure to interest rate movements but either do not meet the strict requirements to apply hedge accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , or the Company has elected not to designate such derivatives as hedges. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in net income (loss) as interest expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 1.2 million of unrealized loss on interest rate hedges have been recorded directly as an increase to interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The table below presents the effect of the Company s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 For the Three Months Ended, For the Nine Months Ended, Location of gain/(loss) recognized on Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Unrealized gain/(loss) on interest rate hedges ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Interest expense Interest rate caps Interest expense ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The Class A, Class B and Class C ABS II Certificates that the Company purchased and retained were recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets in previous reporting periods. Given these certificates were sold before September 30, 2024, the value of these assets is zero as of September 30, 2024. 
 ABS Class F Retention Certificates 
 The Class F Certificates that the Company purchased and retained as part of the ABS I transaction, are classified as held to maturity and are valued at amortized cost. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the ABS I Class F Certificate was million and million, respectively. 
 The Class F Certificates that the Company purchased and retained as part of the ABS II transaction, are classified as held to maturity and are valued at amortized cost. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the ABS II Class F Certificate was million. 
 
 Real estate assets - impaired at June 30, 2024 Real estate assets - impaired at September 30, 2024 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 discount to the then-current NAV per share and the Company does not receive any cash for DRIP issuances as those dividends are instead reinvested into the Company. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued and shares of Common Stock, respectively, for equity contributions of million and million, respectively, under the DRIP. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued approximately shares and zero shares of Common Stock, respectively, for equity contributions of approximately million and , respectively, under the DRIP. 
 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 The Company adopted the 2018 LTIP whereby the Board, or a committee thereof, granted awards of RSUs or PI Units to certain employees of the Company and the Adviser, or others at the discretion of the Board (including the directors and officers of the Company or other service providers of the Company or the OP). Under the terms of the 2018 LTIP, shares of Common Stock were initially reserved, subject to automatic increase on January 1st of each year beginning with January 1, 2019 by a number equal to of the total number of OP Units and vested PI Units outstanding on December 31st of the preceding year (the 2018 LTIP Share Reserve ), provided that the Board could act prior to each such January 1st to determine that there would be no increase for such year or that the increase would be less than the number of shares by which the 2018 LTIP Share Reserve would otherwise increase. In addition, the shares of Common Stock available under the 2018 LTIP could not exceed in the aggregate of the number of OP Units and vested PI Units outstanding at the time of measurement. Grants could be made annually by the Board, or more or less frequently in the Board s sole discretion. Vesting of grants made under the 2018 LTIP occur ratably over a period of time as determined by the Board and could include the achievement of performance metrics, also as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 On July 11, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved the 2023 LTIP to replace the 2018 LTIP and on July 20, 2023, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 registering shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue pursuant to the 2023 LTIP. Under the 2023 LTIP, the compensation committee of the Board may grant awards of option rights, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares, performance share units or cash incentive awards, or PI Units to directors and officers of the Company or other service providers of the Company and the OP, including employees of the Adviser. Under the terms of the 2023 LTIP, shares of Common Stock were initially reserved, subject to automatic increase on January 1st of each year beginning with January 1, 2024 by a number equal to of the total number of OP Units and vested PI Units outstanding on December 31st of the preceding year (the Share Reserve ), provided that the Board may act prior to each such January 1st to determine that there will be no increase for such year or that the increase will be less than the number of shares by which the Share Reserve would otherwise increase. Vesting of grants made under the 2023 LTIP will occur over a period of time as determined by the compensation committee and may include the achievement of performance metrics, also as determined by the compensation committee in its sole discretion. 
 RSU Grants Under the 2018 LTIP and 2023 LTIP 
 On December 10, 2019, a total of RSUs were granted to certain employees of the Adviser and officers of the Company. On May 11, 2020, a total of RSUs were granted to certain employees of the Adviser, officers of the Company and independent Board members. On February 15, 2021, a total of RSUs were granted to certain employees of the Adviser, officers of the Company and independent Board members. On February 17, 2022, a total of RSUs were granted to certain employees of the Adviser, officers of the Company and independent Board members. On April 11, 2023, a total of RSUs were granted to certain employees of the Adviser, officers of the Company, and independent Board members. On April 3, 2024, a total of RSUs were granted to certain employees of the Adviser, officers of the Company, and independent Board members. The RSUs granted to certain employees of the Adviser and officers of the Company on April 11, 2023, February 17, 2022, February 15, 2021 and May 11, 2020 vest ratably over and at the successful completion of an initial public offering. The RSUs granted to certain employees of the Adviser and officers of the Company on April 3, 2024 vest ratably over four years and at the successful completion of an initial public offering or the listing of the Company's Common Stock on a national securities exchange. The RSUs granted to independent Board members fully vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Any unvested RSU is forfeited, except in limited circumstances, as determined by the compensation committee of the Board, when the recipient is no longer employed by the Adviser. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. RSUs are valued at fair value (which is the NAV per share in effect) on the date of grant, with compensation expense recorded in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule that approximates a straight-line basis. Beginning on the date of grant, RSUs accrue dividends that are payable in cash on the vesting date. Once vested, the RSUs convert on a -for-one basis into Common Stock. 
 Granted Vested ) (2) ) Forfeited Outstanding September 30, 2024 (1) Value is based on the number of RSUs granted multiplied by the most recent NAV per share on the date of grant, which was for the April 3, 2024 grant, for the April 11, 2023 grant, for the February 17, 2022 grant, for the February 15, 2021 grant, for the May 11, 2020 grant, and for the December 10, 2019 grant. 
 (2) Certain grantees elected to net the taxes owed upon vesting against the shares of Common Stock issued resulting in shares of Common Stock being issued as shown on the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. 
 
 February 17, 2025 April 3, 2025 April 11, 2025 February 17, 2026 April 3, 2026 April 11, 2026 April 3, 2027 April 11, 2027 April 3, 2028 Upon successful completion of IPO Upon successful completion of an initial public offering of the Company IPO ), an additional RSUs will vest immediately. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of non-cash compensation expense related to the RSUs, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of non-cash compensation expense related to the RSUs, which is included in corporate general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation expense on RSUs was approximately million, and the expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 
 Performance Share Grants under the 2023 LTIP 
 In connection with the Internalization of the Manager and under the 2023 LTIP, on August 3, 2023, performance shares were granted to certain executives with a target of performance shares. Vesting of the performance shares is based on the achievement of annual Portfolio growth, annual growth of rehabilitations of properties in the Portfolio, net operating income growth from 2023 to 2025 and core funds from operations per share growth from 2023 to 2025, the achievement of which may increase or decrease the number of shares which the grantee earns and therefore receives upon vesting. If the performance metrics are achieved, the performance shares based on the achievement of annual Portfolio growth and annual growth of rehabilitations of properties in the Portfolio vest ratably over and the performance shares based on the achievement of net operating income growth over the next three years and core funds from operations per share growth over the next three years vest ratably over . As of September 30, 2024, it was determined that performance shares were earned by executives of the Manager based on annual Portfolio growth and annual growth of rehabilitations of properties in the Portfolio. Any unvested performance share granted to an employee is forfeited, except in limited circumstances, as determined by the compensation committee of the Board, when the recipient is no longer employed by the Company. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. Beginning on the date of grant, performance shares accrue dividends that are payable in cash on the vesting date. Once vested, the performance shares convert on a -for-one basis into Common Stock. 
 Earned Vested Forfeited Outstanding September 30, 2024 (1) Value is based on the number of performance shares granted multiplied by the most recent NAV per share on the date the share is earned, which was for the shares earned during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 January 1, 2026 January 1, 2027 January 1, 2028 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 On July 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series B Preferred Stock and collectively with the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), the Preferred Stock ), of the Company in a private offering for gross proceeds of approximately million (the Series B Preferred Offering ). Beginning on the day after the fourth anniversary of the original issuance date, the Series B Preferred Stock dividend rate will increase to per annum; beginning on the day after the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date, the Series B Preferred Stock dividend 
 rate will increase to per annum; and beginning on the day after the sixth anniversary of the original issuance date and each anniversary thereafter, the Series B Preferred Stock dividend rate will increase an additional per annum, with a maximum Series B Preferred Stock dividend rate of per annum. The dividend rate will also increase upon the occurrence of certain default circumstances, as defined in the Articles Supplementary setting forth the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Company has the option to redeem, in whole or in part, the Series B Preferred Stock at any time, from time to time, subject to certain redemption premiums if redeemed prior to the second anniversary of the original issuance date. The Company currently intends to exercise its option to redeem all of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the original issuance date. With respect to priority of payment of dividends, the Series B Preferred Stock ranks senior to all classes of Common Stock, and the Series B Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock rank on parity with each other. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, the Series B Preferred stockholders are entitled to be paid out, at a price equal to per share plus any accrued and unpaid distributions (whether or not declared), after payment of the Company's debts and other liabilities. An aggregate of approximately million in selling commissions and fees were paid in connection therewith. The Ohio State Life Insurance Company, an entity that may be deemed an affiliate of the Adviser through common beneficial ownership, purchased shares of Series B Preferred Stock in the Series B Preferred Offering. A majority of net proceeds were used to partially pay down the Warehouse Facility and Bridge Facility III and fund a million reserve with KeyBank. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) Contributions by redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) Redemptions by redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) Equity-based compensation Other comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP ) Adjustment to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP Redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP, September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held Class A OP Units, NREO held Class B OP Units, NRESF held Class C OP Units, GAF REIT held Class C OP Units and the VineBrook Contributors and other Company insiders held Class C OP Units. As of September 30, 2024, the Company held all outstanding Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units and Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units of the OP. 
 PI Unit Grants Under the 2018 LTIP 
 In connection with the 2018 LTIP, PI Units have been issued to key personnel and senior management. On April 19, 2019, a total of PI Units were granted; on November 21, 2019, a total of PI Units were granted; on May 11, 2020, a total of PI Units were granted; on November 30, 2020, a total of PI Units were granted; on May 31, 2021, a total of PI Units were granted; on August 10, 2022, a total of PI Units were granted; and on February 22, 2023, a total of PI Units were granted. The PI Units are a special class of partnership interests in the OP with certain restrictions, which are convertible into Class C OP Units, subject to satisfying vesting and other conditions. PI Unit holders are entitled to receive the same distributions as holders of our OP Units (only if we declare and pay such distributions). The PI Units granted in 2019 generally fully vest over a period of two to . The PI Units granted on May 11, 2020 and May 31, 2021 vest ratably over and at the successful completion of an initial public offering and the PI Units granted on November 30, 2020 vest ratably over or alternatively on the successful completion of an initial public offering. The PI Units granted on August 10, 2022 and February 22, 2023 generally vest ratably over . Once vested and converted into Class C OP Units in accordance with the OP LPA, the PI Units will then be fully recognized as Class C OP Units, which are subject to a one year lock up period before they can be converted to Common Stock. Any unvested PI Unit granted to an employee is forfeited, except in limited circumstances, as determined by the compensation committee of the Board, when the recipient is no longer employed by the Company. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. PI Units are valued at fair value on the date of grant, with compensation expense recorded in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule over the periods in which the restrictions lapse, that approximates a straight-line basis. We valued the PI Units at a per-unit value equivalent to the per-share offering price of our OP Units less discounts estimated by a third-party consultant. Beginning on the date of grant, PI Units accrue dividends that are payable in cash quarterly (if we declare and pay distributions to holders of our OP Units). 
 PI Unit Grants Under the 2023 LTIP 
 In connection with the Internalization of the Manager and under the 2023 LTIP, PI Units have been issued to executives of the Manager. On August 3, 2023, a total of PI Units were granted. The PI Units are a special class of partnership interests in the OP with certain restrictions, which are convertible into Class C OP Units, subject to satisfying vesting and other conditions. PI Unit holders are entitled to receive the same distributions as holders of our OP Units (only if we declare and pay such distributions). The PI Units granted on August 3, 2023 vest on February 28, 2026. Once vested and converted into Class C OP Units in accordance with the OP LPA, the PI Units will then be fully recognized as Class C OP Units, which are subject to a one year lock up period before they can be converted to Common Stock. Any unvested PI Unit granted to an employee is forfeited, except in limited circumstances, as determined by the compensation committee of the Board, when the recipient is no longer employed by the Company. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. PI Units are valued at fair value on the date of grant, with compensation expense recorded in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule over the periods in which the restrictions lapse, that approximates a straight-line basis. We valued the PI Units at a per-unit value equivalent to the per-share offering price of our OP Units less a discount for lack of marketability and other discounts estimated by a third-party consultant. Beginning on the date of grant, PI Units accrue dividends that are payable in cash quarterly (if we declare and pay distributions to holders of our OP Units). 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited Outstanding September 30, 2024 (1) Value is based on the number of PI Units granted multiplied by the estimated per unit fair value on the date of grant, which was for the April 19, 2019 grant, for the November 21, 2019 grant, for the May 11, 2020 grant, for the November 30, 2020 grant, for the May 31, 2021 grant, for the August 10, 2022 grant, for the February 22, 2023 grant and for the August 3, 2023 grant. 
 
 February 22, 2025 April 25, 2025 May 27, 2025 May 31, 2025 February 22, 2026 February 28, 2026 April 25, 2026 May 27, 2026 February 22, 2027 April 25, 2027 May 27, 2027 February 22, 2028 Upon successful completion of IPO or change in control 
 Upon successful completion of an IPO, or an earlier change in control with respect to awards held by certain key executives, an additional PI Units will vest immediately instead of vesting ratably according to the schedule above. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the OP recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of non-cash compensation expense related to the PI Units, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation expense on PI Units was approximately million, and the expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 
 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated VIEs 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately limited partnership units of SFR OP SFR OP Units were held by affiliates of the Company. 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) Contributions by redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) Adjustment to reflect redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs Redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs, September 30, 2024 
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated VIEs 
 per share of NexPoint Homes (the NexPoint Homes Class A Shares and NexPoint Homes Class I common stock, par value (the NexPoint Homes Class I shares, collectively with the NexPoint Homes Class A Shares, the NexPoint Homes Shares not held by the Company (the noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs (in thousands): 
 Balances Noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs, December 31, 2023 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) Contributions by noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs Distributions to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) Redemptions by noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs ) Noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs, September 30, 2024 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2024. The Series A Preferred Stock has a redemption value of per share and will be redeemed on October 7, 2027 unless a Listing Event is effectuated as defined in the Articles of Amendment and Restatement. With respect to priority of payment of dividends, the Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to all classes of Common Stock, and the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock rank on parity with each other. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, the Series A Preferred stockholders are entitled to be paid out, at a price equal to per share, plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not earned, authorized or declared), after payment of the Company's debts and other liabilities. 
 Repurchase of Redeemable Series A Preferred stock ) ) Issuance costs related to Redeemable Series A Preferred stock ) Net income attributable to Redeemable Series A Preferred stockholders Dividends declared to Redeemable Series A Preferred stockholders ) Accretion to redemption value Redeemable Series A Preferred stock, September 30, 2024 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 of the gross asset value of the Company (as calculated pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement). The Adviser will manage the Company s business including, among other duties, advising the Board to issue distributions, preparing our quarterly and annual consolidated financial statements prepared under GAAP, development and maintenance of internal accounting controls, management and conduct of maintaining our REIT status, calculation of our NAV and recommending the appropriate NAV to be set by the Board, reporting to holders of Common Stock, our tax filings, and other responsibilities customary for an external advisor to a business similar to ours. With certain specified exceptions, the advisory fee together with reimbursement of operating and offering expenses may not exceed of average total assets of the Company and the OP, as determined in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis, at the end of each month (or partial month) (i) for which any advisory fee is calculated or (ii) during the year for which any expense reimbursement is calculated. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred advisory fees of approximately million and million, respectively, in the VineBrook reportable segment which is included in advisory fees on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred advisory fees of approximately million and million, respectively, in the VineBrook reportable segment which are included in advisory fees on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Management Fee 
 Prior to the Internalization, the equity holders of the Manager were holders of noncontrolling interests in the OP and comprised a portion of the VineBrook Contributors. Through this noncontrolling ownership, the Manager was deemed to be a related party prior to the Internalization. Prior to the Internalization, pursuant to the Management Agreements, the OP paid the Manager (i) an acquisition fee equal to of the purchase price paid for any new property acquired during the month, (ii) a construction fee monthly in arrears that shall not exceed the greater of of construction costs or , whichever is higher, in connection with the repair, renovation, improvement or development of any newly acquired property, and (iii) a property management fee monthly in arrears equal to a percentage of collected rental revenues for all properties during the month as follows: 
 of collected rental revenue up to and including 45.0 million on an annualized basis; 
 of the incremental collected rental revenue above 45.0 million but below and including 65.0 million on an annualized basis; 
 of the incremental collected rental revenue above 65.0 million but below and including 85.0 million on an annualized basis; and 
 of the incremental collected rental revenue above 85.0 million on an annualized basis. 
 Under the Management Agreements and the Side Letter, the aggregate fees that the Manager could earn in any fiscal year were capped such that the Manager s EBITDA (as defined in the Management Agreements) derived from these fees could not exceed the greater of million or of the combined equity value of the Company and the OP on a consolidated basis, calculated on the first day of each fiscal year based on the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Common Stock and OP Units held other than by the Company on the last business day of the prior fiscal year (the Manager Cap ). The aggregate fees up to the Manager Cap were payable (1) in cash in an amount equal to the tax obligations of the Manager s equity holders resulting from the aggregate management fees earned in such fiscal year up to a maximum rate of (the Manager Cash Cap and (2) with respect to the remaining portion of the aggregate fees, in Class C OP Units, at a price per OP Unit equal to the Cash Amount (as defined in the OP LPA). The aggregate fees paid in cash that exceeded the Manager Cash Cap were rebated back to the OP. Manager Cash Cap rebate was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Prior to and following the Internalization, the Manager is responsible for the day-to-day management of the properties, acquisition of new properties, disposition of existing properties (with acquisition and disposition decisions made under the approval of the investment committee and the Board), leasing the properties, managing resident issues and requests, collecting rents, paying operating expenses, managing maintenance issues, accounting for each property using GAAP, and other responsibilities customary for the management of SFR properties. On August 3, 2023, we completed the Internalization of our Manager following which the VineBrook Portfolio is internally managed, and our employees are responsible for the day-to-day management of the VineBrook Portfolio. See Note 13 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The Internalization for additional information on the Internalization. 
 Property management fees are included in property management fees on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and acquisition and construction fees are capitalized into each home and are included in buildings and improvements on the consolidated balance sheet and are depreciated over the useful life of each property. Following the Internalization, property management fees are eliminated in consolidation of the Manager s operations for the VineBrook reportable segment. Additionally, following the Internalization, acquisition fees and construction fees are no longer applicable for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 As of the date of the Internalization, approximately million was due to the Manager, net of receivables due from the Manager, which was settled as an intercompany transaction following the consolidation of the Manager on August 3, 2023. 
 Acquisition fees Balance Sheet Construction supervision fees Balance Sheet Reimbursements Payroll and benefits Balance Sheet and Statement of Operations Other reimbursements Balance Sheet and Statement of Operations Totals (1) Following the Internalization of the Manager on August 3, 2023, the Manager became a consolidated entity and as such activity following that date is excluded from the table above. 
 Internalization of the Adviser 
 The Company may acquire all of the outstanding equity interests of the Adviser (an Adviser Internalization under certain provisions (a Purchase Provision of the Advisory Agreement to effect an Adviser Internalization upon the payment of a certain fee (an Adviser Internalization Fee ). If the Company determines to acquire the equity interests of the Adviser, the applicable Purchase Provision of the Advisory Agreement provides that the Adviser must first agree to such acquisition and that the Company will pay the Adviser an Adviser Internalization Fee equal to times the total of the prior 12 months advisory fee, payable only in capital stock of the Company. 
 Internalization of the Manager 
 On June 28, 2022, the OP notified the Manager that it elected to exercise its purchase provision of the Manager under the Side Letter. On August 3, 2023, the OP, VineBrook Management, LLC, VineBrook Development Corporation, VineBrook Homes Property Management Company, Inc., VineBrook Homes Realty Company, Inc., VineBrook Homes Services Company, Inc. and certain individuals set forth therein (each a Contributor and collectively, the Contributors and Dana Sprong, solely in his capacity as the representative of the Contributors (the Contributors Representative entered into a contribution agreement (the Contribution Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the OP acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in the Manager (the Internalization ). As a result of the Internalization, the Manager became a wholly owned subsidiary of the OP and the VineBrook Portfolio is now internally managed. See Note 13 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The Internalization for additional information on the Internalization. 
 Series B Preferred Offering 
 The Ohio State Life Insurance Company, an entity that may be deemed an affiliate of the Company's Adviser through common beneficial ownership, purchased shares of Series B Preferred Stock in the Series B Preferred Offering (See Note 7). 
 Termination Fees Payable to the Adviser 
 If the Advisory Agreement is terminated without cause by the Company or the SPE, as applicable, or is otherwise terminated under certain conditions, the Adviser, will be entitled to a termination fee (an Adviser Termination Fee in the amount of times the prior 12 months advisory fee, in the case of termination of the Advisory Agreement. In addition to termination by the Company without cause, the Adviser will be entitled to the Adviser Termination Fee if the Adviser terminates the Advisory Agreement without cause or terminates the agreement due to the occurrence of certain specified breaches of the Advisory Agreement by the Company. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated without cause by the Company or the Adviser with days notice prior to the expiration of the then-current term. 
 
 NexBank 
 The Company and the OP maintain bank accounts with NexBank. NexBank charges no recurring maintenance fees on the accounts. As of September 30, 2024, in the VineBrook reportable segment, the Company and OP had approximately less than million and less than million, respectively, in cash at NexBank. As of September 30, 2024, in the NexPoint Homes reportable segment, NexPoint Homes and the SFR OP had approximately million and million, respectively, in cash at NexBank. As of December 31, 2023, in the VineBrook reportable segment, the Company and OP had approximately million and less than million, respectively, in cash at NexBank. As of December 31, 2023, in the NexPoint Homes reportable segment, NexPoint Homes and the SFR OP had approximately million and million, respectively, in cash at NexBank. 
 A director of the Company, who controls the Adviser, which externally manages the Company, also (i) is the beneficiary of a trust that indirectly owns of the limited partnership interests in the parent of Adviser and directly owns of the general partnership interests in the parent of the Adviser and (ii) is a director of the holding company of NexBank, directly owns a minority of the common stock of NexBank, and is the beneficiary of a trust that directly owns a substantial portion of the common stock of NexBank. 
 NexPoint Homes Transactions 
 In connection with the Company s consolidated investment in NexPoint Homes, the Company consolidated non-controlling interests in NexPoint Homes that were contributed by affiliates of the Adviser. As of September 30, 2024, these affiliates had contributed approximately million of equity to NexPoint Homes. Additionally, the Company has consolidated SFR OP convertible notes that are loans from affiliates of the Adviser to the SFR OP that bear interest at and mature on June 30, 2027 (the SFR OP Convertible Notes ). The holders of the SFR OP Convertible Notes may elect to convert all or part of the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest into SFR OP Units, as calculated based on the current NAV at time of conversion. The SFR OP may prohibit conversion if certain conditions exist, including if the conversion would result in a negative impact to the REIT status of NexPoint Homes. As of September 30, 2024, the total principal outstanding on the SFR OP Convertible Notes was approximately million (which exclude amounts owed to NexPoint Homes by the SFR OP, as these are eliminated in consolidation) which is included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the SFR OP recorded approximately million of interest expense related to the SFR OP Convertible Notes. As of September 30, 2024, all interest expense related to the SFR OP Convertible Notes remained accrued within accrued interest payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company consolidates an approximately million loan from the SFR OP to the NexPoint Homes Manager (defined below) (the HomeSource Note ). The HomeSource Note bears interest at daily SOFR plus and matures on February 1, 2027. In connection with the HomeSource Note, the SFR OP received a non-voting interest in the HomeSource Operations LLC (the HomeSource Investment ). The HomeSource Note and the HomeSource Investment are included in prepaid and other assets on the consolidated balance sheet, in addition to approximately 1.0 million of amounts due from HomeSource for interest on the HomeSource Note and routine funding is included in accounts and other receivables on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 On June 8, 2022, NexPoint Homes entered into an advisory agreement (the NexPoint Homes Advisory Agreement with NexPoint Real Estate Advisors XI, LP (the NexPoint Homes Adviser ), an affiliate of the Adviser. Under the terms of the NexPoint Homes Advisory Agreement, the NexPoint Homes Adviser manages the day-to-day affairs of NexPoint Homes for a fee equal to of the consolidated enterprise value of NexPoint Homes. Additionally, the NexPoint Homes Adviser charges a fee equal to of each transaction in connection with the procurement of debt or equity capital for NexPoint Homes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, NexPoint Homes incurred advisory fees of approximately million and million, respectively, in connection with the NexPoint Homes Advisory Agreement, which is included in advisory fees on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of September 30, 2024, NexPoint Homes has million of accrued advisory fees payable, which are included in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Prior to September 19, 2024, the NexPoint Homes Portfolio was generally managed by HomeSource Operations, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the NexPoint Homes Manager ), pursuant to the terms of a management agreement between the SFR OP and the NexPoint Homes Manager dated June 8, 2022 (the NexPoint Homes Management Agreement ). In July 2024, the NexPoint Homes Manager notified the SFR OP that the NexPoint Homes Manager intended to cease business operations. On August 8, 2024, the SFR OP provided notice to the NexPoint Homes Manager of breaches by the NexPoint Homes Manager, which the NexPoint Homes Manager failed to cure since it ceased business operations, that entitled the SFR OP to terminate the NexPoint Homes Management Agreement. On September 19, 2024, certain subsidiaries of the SFR OP entered into property management agreements with Mynd Management, Inc. Mynd to manage the NexPoint Homes Portfolio (the Mynd Management Agreements ). Mynd is now responsible for the day-to-day management of the NexPoint Homes Portfolio, paying operating expenses, managing maintenance issues, accounting for each property using GAAP, overseeing third-party property managers and other responsibilities customary for the management of SFR properties. Under the Mynd Management Agreements, Mynd is entitled to a property management fee, an asset management services fee, a disposition fee and a construction management fee, in addition to leasing, onboarding and certain inspection fees. The fees are generally paid monthly in arrears. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately million and million in fees were earned by the NexPoint Homes Manager in connection with the NexPoint Homes Management Agreement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Related to the fees earned by the NexPoint Homes Manager, approximately million and million were expensed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and less than million and million were capitalized to the property basis based on the nature of the fee for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, less than 0.1 million and less than 0.1 million in fees were earned, respectively, by Mynd in connection with the Mynd Management Agreements. Related to the fees earned by Mynd, less than 0.1 million and less than 0.1 million were expensed for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and were capitalized to the property basis based on the nature of the fee for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Preferred Equity Investments 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the OP purchased preferred equity units in Resmark Forney Gateway Holdings, LLC RFGH and Resmark The Brook Holdings, LLC RTB from NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc. NREF ). The parent of the NREF external manager is the parent of the Adviser. On July 18, 2024, July 29, 2024, and September 4, 2024, the OP purchased preferred equity units of RFGH from NREF for approximately million, million and million, respectively. On July 18, 2024, July 29, 2024 and September 4, 2024, the OP purchased preferred equity units of RTB from NREF for million, million and million, respectively. These preferred equity investments yield interest paid in-kind. The total cost basis and accrued interest of million of these preferred equity investments as of September 30, 2024 are included in prepaid and other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 SFR OP Note Payable III 
 On July 10, 2024, the SFR OP as borrower entered into a promissory note with NREF as lender (the SFR OP Note Payable III with a total commitment of million. The SFR OP Note Payable III matures on July 10, 2025 and bears interest at a fixed rate of . As of September 30, 2024, there was no amount drawn on the SFR OP Note Payable III. The SFR OP drew on the note subsequent to September 30, 2024 (see Note 14). 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 million, inclusive of costs and pre-judgment interest. On January 10, 2024, Whelan initiated proceedings in the Southern District of New York to confirm the award in the form of a judgment against HomeSource. On September 11, 2024, the Southern District of New York issued its judgment confirming the Award. On September 8, 2023, Whelan commenced a separate lawsuit in Texas state court against NREA asserting a claim for tortious interference with the HomeSource Letter Agreement and seeking to recover the same fees awarded to Whelan against HomeSource in the arbitration Texas Litigation ). The Company is not a defendant in the Texas Litigation, and neither it, nor the Adviser, nor NREA is party to the HomeSource Letter Agreement. On September 30, 2024, Whelan filed a motion to add NexPoint Homes Trust, Inc., NexPoint SFR Operating Partnership, LP, and NexPoint SFR OP GP, LLC as parties to the Texas Litigation. As of this filing, the Texas state court has not ruled on the request to add those parties. Given the ongoing nature of the Texas Litigation, the Company is unable to assess a likely outcome or potential liability at the time. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the NexPoint Homes Manager notified the SFR OP that the NexPoint Homes Manager would cease business operations in September 2024. The SFR OP has transitioned property management of the NexPoint Homes Portfolio to Mynd, as discussed in Note 10. 
 The Company is not aware of any environmental liability with respect to the properties it owns that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, assets, or results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that such a material environmental liability does not exist. The existence of any such material environmental liability could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 reportable segments. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, all corporate related costs are included in the VineBrook segment to align with how financial information is presented to the chief operating decision maker. 
 ) ) ) ) NexPoint Homes ) ) ) ) Total Company ) ) ) ) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues Expenses Other income and expenses Net loss Revenues Expenses Other income and expenses Net loss VineBrook ) ) ) ) NexPoint Homes ) ) ) ) Total Company ) ) ) ) 
 
 The following presents select balance sheet data for the reportable segments (in thousands): 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total Company VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total Company Assets Gross operating real estate investments Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Net operating real estate investments Real estate held for sale, net Net real estate investments Other assets Total assets Liabilities Debt payable, net Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 million, prior to closing adjustments, which was fixed based on May 31, 2022 data. The Internalization Fee was paid in a combination of cash and OP Units. As a result of the Internalization, the Manager became a wholly owned subsidiary of the OP and the VineBrook Portfolio is now internally managed. 
 The Internalization of the Manager was considered to be a business combination in accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations . The purchase price and related acquisition costs Internalization Consideration were allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair value of the Internalization Consideration transferred at the date of acquisition. The excess of the Internalization Consideration over the fair value of the net assets acquired was allocated to goodwill. Certain assets acquired in connection with the Internalization of the Manager, including intangible assets and goodwill, were calculated using unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Restricted cash Other assets Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Fair value of acquired net assets (1) (1) In addition to the Internalization Fee of million, approximately million of closing adjustments were included in the purchase price allocation. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 million on the NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility. Approximately million remained outstanding on the NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility as of October 31, 2024. 
 Common and Preferred Dividends 
 On October 21, 2024, the Company approved a Common Stock dividend of per share for shareholders of record as of October 21, 2024 that was paid as of October 23, 2024. 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company approved a Series A Preferred Stock dividend of per share for shareholders of record as of December 24, 2024 that is to be paid on January 10, 2025. 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company approved a Series B Preferred Stock dividend of per share for shareholders of record as of December 26, 2024 that is to be paid on January 10, 2025. 
 Dispositions 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of homes in the VineBrook reportable segment that were classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024 for net proceeds of approximately million. 
 Homes Classified as Held For Sale Subsequent to September 30, 2024 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company moved homes in the VineBrook reportable segment to held for sale and as of October 31, 2024, homes in total were classified as held for sale. 
 SFR OP Note Payable III Draw 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the SFR OP drew million on the SFR OP Note Payable III. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the SFR OP Note Payable III is million. 
 Hurricane Milton 
 During October 2024, Hurricane Milton hit Florida. The VineBrook Portfolio saw minimal damage related to Hurricane Milton in its only Florida market, Pensacola. The NexPoint Homes Portfolio only has one home affected with minimal damage to the roof by Hurricane Milton. Given the recency of this event, the Company is still assessing the impact of Hurricane Milton on its Portfolio. The Company has not recognized a loss for the damage as the amount of the loss, or a range of possible losses, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The Company will recognize a loss when it has sufficient information to make a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss. 
 NAV Determination 
 On November 1, 2024, in accordance with the Valuation Methodology, the Pricing Committee determined that the Company s NAV per share calculated on a fully diluted basis was as of September 30, 2024. Common Stock and OP Units issued under the respective DRIPs will be issued a discount to the NAV per share in effect. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and our historical results of operations. The following should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included herein and with our annual report on Form 10-K (our Annual Report ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 1, 2024. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those projected, forecasted, or expected in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this report and the information under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors of our Annual Report. Our management believes the assumptions underlying the Company s financial statements and accompanying notes are reasonable. However, the Company s financial statements and accompanying notes may not be an indication of our financial condition and results of operations in the future. 
 
 Overview 
 The Company is an owner and operator of SFR homes for lease. The Company s primary investment objectives are to provide our residents with affordable, safe, clean and functional dwellings with a high level of service through institutional management and a renovation program on the homes purchased, while enhancing the cash flow and value of properties owned. We intend to acquire properties with cash flow growth potential, provide quarterly cash distributions and achieve long-term capital appreciation for our stockholders. The Company has two reportable segments, VineBrook and NexPoint Homes. The VineBrook reportable segment is the Company s primary reportable segment comprised of 20,959 homes as of September 30, 2024 which represents a significant majority of the Company s consolidated portfolio and operations. The VineBrook reportable segment is the legacy reportable segment and generally purchases homes to implement a value-add strategy. The NexPoint Homes reportable segment is a reportable segment added during 2022 comprised of 2,343 homes as of September 30, 2024 and represents a minority of the Company s consolidated portfolio and operations. The NexPoint Homes reportable segment is a consolidated and supplemental reportable segment that generally purchases newer homes that require less rehabilitation compared to the VineBrook reportable segment. As of September 30, 2024, we, through our OP and its consolidated subsidiaries, owned and operated 23,302 SFR homes located in 20 states. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our VineBrook Portfolio consisted of 20,959 SFR homes primarily located in the midwestern, heartland and southeastern United States. As of September 30, 2024, the VineBrook Portfolio had occupancy of approximately 95.4 with a weighted average monthly effective rent of 1,279 per occupied home. As of September 30, 2024, the VineBrook Portfolio had a stabilized occupancy of approximately 94.9 with a weighted average monthly stabilized effective rent of 1,293 per occupied home and 25.9 of homes in our VineBrook Portfolio were excluded from being stabilized either because the homes were in rehabilitation, purchased with residents in place or were classified as held for sale. Substantially all of the Company s business is conducted through the OP, as the Company owns its homes indirectly through the OP. VineBrook Homes OP GP, LLC, is the OP GP. As of September 30, 2024, there were 24,763,117 OP Units outstanding, of which 20,058,716 Class A OP Units, or 81.0 of the OP Units outstanding, were owned by the Company. Please see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for the breakdown of the non-controlling ownership of our OP. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our VineBrook Portfolio consisted of 21,843 SFR homes primarily located in the midwestern, heartland and southeastern United States. As of December 31, 2023, the VineBrook Portfolio had occupancy of approximately 95.2 with a weighted average monthly effective rent of 1,220 per occupied home. As of December 31, 2023, the VineBrook Portfolio had a stabilized occupancy of approximately 95.1 with a weighted average monthly effective rent of 1,239 per occupied stabilized home and 32.3 of homes in our VineBrook Portfolio were excluded from being stabilized either because the homes were in rehabilitation, purchased with residents in place or were classified as held for sale. As of December 31, 2023, there were 24,567,309 OP Units outstanding, of which 20,300,927 Class A OP Units, or 82.6 of the OP Units outstanding, were owned by the Company. 
 
 We are primarily focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing, maintaining and otherwise managing SFR home investments primarily located in large to medium size cities and suburbs located in the midwestern, heartland and southeastern United States. We intend to employ targeted management and a value-add program at a majority of our homes in an attempt to improve rental rates and the net operating income NOI at our homes, enhance cash flow, provide quarterly cash distributions and achieve long-term capital appreciation for our stockholders as well as provide our residents with affordable, safe and clean dwellings with a high quality of service. We are externally managed by the Adviser through the Advisory Agreement, which will automatically renew on the anniversary of the renewal date for one-year terms thereafter, unless otherwise terminated. 
 We began operations on November 1, 2018 as a result of the acquisition of various partnerships and limited liability companies owned and operated by the VineBrook Contributors and other third parties, which owned the Initial Portfolio of approximately 4,129 SFR assets located in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana for a total purchase price of approximately 330.2 million, including closing and financing costs of approximately 6.0 million. On November 1, 2018, the Company accepted subscriptions for 1,097,367 shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds of approximately 27.4 million in connection with the Formation Transaction. The proceeds from the issuance of such Common Stock were used to acquire OP Units. The OP used the capital contribution from the Company to fund a portion of the purchase price for the Initial Portfolio. The remaining purchase price and closing costs were funded by a capital contribution totaling 70.7 million from NREO, 8.6 million of equity rolled over from VineBrook Contributors, and 241.4 million from the Initial Mortgage. 
 On August 28, 2018, the Company commenced the offering of 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock through the Private Offering under Regulation D of the Securities Act (and various state securities law provisions) for a maximum of 1.0 billion of its Common Stock. The Private Offering closed on September 14, 2022. The initial offering price for Common Stock sold through the Private Offering was 25.00 per share. The Company sold Common Stock in periodic closings at a purchase price generally equal to the NAV per share as determined using the Valuation Methodology and as recommended by the Adviser and approved by the Pricing Committee, plus applicable fees and commissions. The NAV per share is calculated on a fully diluted basis. For sales through Raymond James, the purchaser subscribed for a gross amount based on NAV per share and separately paid the applicable fees upfront from the purchaser s account with Raymond James. For sales through a broker-dealer other than Raymond James, the purchaser subscribed for a gross amount based on a public offering price, which included the applicable upfront fees and commissions. NAV may differ from the values of our real estate assets as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 On October 16, 2019, Highland, a former affiliate of our Sponsor, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Highland Bankruptcy ). On October 15, 2021, a lawsuit was filed by a litigation subtrust formed in connection with the Highland Bankruptcy in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas against various persons and entities, including NexPoint Advisors, L.P. NexPoint ), the parent of our Adviser, and James Dondero (the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit ). On March 24, 2023, the litigation trustee filed a motion for leave to stay the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit, which was granted by the bankruptcy court on April 4, 2023. Per the court s order, the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit is stayed until any party provides 30 days notice of the intent to resume the adversary proceeding, with all pending deadlines extended for a period of time commensurate with the length of stay. As of the date of this filing, the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit continues to be stayed. In addition, on February 8, 2023, UBS Securities LLC and its affiliate (collectively, UBS filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York against Mr. Dondero and a number of other persons and entities, seeking to collect on 1.3 billion in judgments UBS obtained against entities that were managed indirectly by Highland (the UBS Lawsuit ). Neither the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit nor the UBS Lawsuit include claims related to our business or our assets. Our Adviser and Mr. Dondero have informed us they believe the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit has no merit, and Mr. Dondero has informed us he believes the UBS Lawsuit has no merit; we have been advised that the defendants named in each of the lawsuits intend to vigorously defend against the claims. We do not expect the Bankruptcy Trust Lawsuit or the UBS Lawsuit will have a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Whelan and HomeSource entered into the HomeSource Letter Agreement in which HomeSource agreed to compensate Whelan a percentage of capital invested, contributed, committed or otherwise made available to HomeSource. Whelan alleges that it is entitled to compensation as a result of the formation of NexPoint Homes. On October 12, 2022, NREA received notice that Whelan had filed an arbitration proceeding against HomeSource and NREA before a FINRA arbitration panel. FINRA notified NREA that it was not subject to the arbitration provision contained in the HomeSource Letter Agreement, and NREA declined to voluntarily submit to the jurisdiction of the FINRA tribunal. On November 30, 2023, the tribunal issued an award in favor of Whelan and against HomeSource in the amount of 16.0 million, inclusive of costs and pre-judgment interest. On January 10, 2024, Whelan initiated proceedings in the Southern District of New York to confirm the award in the form of a judgment against HomeSource. On September 11, 2024, the Southern District of New York issued its judgment confirming the Award. On September 8, 2023, Whelan commenced a separate lawsuit in Texas state court against NREA asserting a claim for tortious interference with the HomeSource Letter Agreement and seeking to recover the same fees awarded to Whelan against HomeSource in the arbitration. The Company is not a defendant in the Texas Litigation, and neither it, nor the Adviser, nor NREA is party to the HomeSource Letter Agreement. On September 30, 2024, Whelan filed a motion to add NexPoint Homes Trust, Inc., NexPoint SFR Operating Partnership, LP, and NexPoint SFR OP GP, LLC as parties to the Texas Litigation. As of this filing, the Texas state court has not ruled on the request to add those parties. Given the ongoing nature of the Texas Litigation, the Company is unable to assess a likely outcome or potential liability at the time. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the NexPoint Homes Manager notified the SFR OP that the NexPoint Homes Manager would cease business operations in September 2024. The SFR OP has transitioned property management to Mynd, as discussed in Note 10. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The Internalization 
 Prior to the Internalization of the Manager on August 3, 2023, the Manager, although an affiliate because the owners of the Manager were significant holders of OP Units, was independent from the Company and NexPoint, and most of the VineBrook Portfolio was managed by the Manager pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreements. 
 The Management Agreements were supplemented by the Side Letter, under the terms of which the Company and the OP had the right and option (but not the obligation) to purchase all of the equity interests of the Manager at a price calculated by a formula specified in the Side Letter (the Call Right ). The purpose of the Call Right was to provide the Company and the OP with the ability to internally perform the responsibilities and obligations of the Manager under the Management Agreements. On June 28, 2022, the Company sent a notice (the Call Right Notice to the Manager notifying the Manager of its intention to exercise its Call Right and internalize the Manager. 
 On August 3, 2023, the OP, the Contributors and the Contributors Representative entered into the Contribution Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the OP acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in the Manager. As a result of sending the Call Right Notice, the Internalization Fee the Company paid to acquire the Manager was 20.3 million, prior to closing adjustments, which was fixed based on May 31, 2022 data. The Internalization Fee was paid in a combination of cash and OP Units. As a result of the Internalization, the Manager became a wholly owned subsidiary of the OP and the VineBrook Portfolio is now internally managed. 
 The Internalization process was overseen by an independent special committee of the Board, comprised solely of all of the disinterested directors. The Company also made equity grants under the Company's 2023 LTIP to certain employees who the Company hired in connection with the Internalization. 
 Following the Internalization, the Manager s internalized employees continue to be responsible for the day-to-day management of the properties, leasing the properties, managing resident situations, collecting rents, paying operating expenses, managing maintenance issues, accounting for each property using GAAP, the identification of potential SFR properties and the acquisition and disposition of SFR properties approved by the investment committee of the OP or pursuant to authority delegated to the Manager by the investment committee of the OP. The Adviser s duties did not change as a result of the Internalization. Certain SPEs from time to time may have property management agreements with independent third parties. These are typically the result of maintaining legacy property managers after an acquisition to help transition the properties to us or, in the case of a future sale, to manage the properties until they are sold. 
 Tusk and Siete Portfolio Acquisitions 
 On August 3, 2022, VB Five, LLC Buyer ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into a purchase agreement under which the Buyer agreed to acquire a portfolio of approximately 1,610 SFR homes located in Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Ohio and Texas (the Tusk Portfolio ). Also on August 3, 2022, the Buyer entered into a purchase agreement under which the Buyer agreed to acquire a portfolio of approximately 1,289 SFR homes located in Arizona, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Ohio and Texas (the Siete Portfolio ). On January 17, 2023, the Company, through its indirect subsidiary, VB Seven, LLC, entered into an agreement under which the acquisition of the Tusk Portfolio was terminated by the seller and the Buyer forfeited its initial deposit of approximately 23.3 million. Additionally, on January 17, 2023, the Company, through its indirect subsidiary, VB Seven, LLC, entered into an agreement under which the acquisition of the Siete Portfolio was terminated by the seller and the Buyer forfeited its initial deposit of approximately 17.7 million. The initial deposit forfeitures of the Tusk Portfolio and the Siete Portfolio are included in loss on forfeited deposits on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Series B Preferred Stock Offering 
 On July 31, 2023, the Company closed an offering of the Series B Preferred Stock of the Company. The Company issued 2,548,240 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock in the offering for gross proceeds of approximately 63.7 million. An aggregate of approximately 1.8 million in selling commissions and fees were paid in connection therewith. 
 Asset Backed Securitization I 
 On December 6, 2023, the OP completed a securitization transaction, VINE 2023-SFR1, providing for a 5-year, fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of 392.2 million. The OP purchased and retained the Class F Certificates for risk-retention purposes, totaling 39.1 million. The weighted average interest rate of the Regular Certificates (as defined below) is 4.7500 . At closing, 2,776 homes were included in the VINE 2023-SFR1 securitization s collateral pool and as of September 30, 2024, the ABS I Loan is collateralized by 2,763 SFR homes (see Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements). 
 Asset Backed Securitization II 
 On February 29, 2024, the OP completed ABS II, comprised of seven components (Components A through F), providing for a 5-year, fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of 403.7 million. For risk retention purposes, the OP purchased and retained the Class F Component, totaling 39.9 million. The weighted average interest rate of the regular certificates (Class A through E2) is 4.5000 . The ABS II Loan is collateralized by 2,459 SFR homes, and as of September 30, 2024, approximately 10.55 of the Portfolio served as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the ABS II Loan. The ABS II Loan, is segregated into six tranches, all of which accrue interest at 4.6495 and have a maturity date of March 9, 2029. 
 Pathway to Homeownership Program 
 In 2024, the Company began a new Pathway to Homeownership program, providing qualified residents with opportunities for home ownership. This new initiative empowers individuals and families residing in a VineBrook-leased single-family rental home to purchase their home outright by securing a conventional mortgage, enabling them to build equity in an affordable property. Residents of VineBrook homes also have access to nationally recognized financial counseling and literacy resources at no additional cost to them through VineBrook s partnership with Operation Hope. These services include workshops that focus on topics such as money management, credit and homeownership, all geared to help residents attain financial freedom. VineBrook is one of the only large single-family rental companies dedicated to providing affordable housing. With the addition of its owner-occupant sales, the Company has added yet another option for affordable, accessible single-family living that otherwise might not be available in a supply-challenged market. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Our VineBrook Portfolio 
 Since our formation, we have significantly grown our VineBrook Portfolio, which only includes homes in the VineBrook reportable segment. When the Company began operations on November 1, 2018, the Initial Portfolio consisted of 4,129 homes located in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the VineBrook Portfolio consisted of 20,959 and 23,147 homes, respectively, in 18 states. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the VineBrook Portfolio had an occupancy of 95.4 and 95.2 , respectively, and a weighted average monthly effective rent of 1,279 and 1,230, respectively, per occupied home. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the occupancy of stabilized homes in our VineBrook Portfolio was 94.9 and 95.0 , respectively, and the weighted average monthly effective rent of occupied stabilized homes was 1,293 and 1,250, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, 25.9 and 36.9 , respectively, of homes in our VineBrook Portfolio were excluded from being stabilized either because the homes were in rehabilitation or were purchased with residents in place or were classified as held for sale. The table below provides summary information regarding our VineBrook Portfolio as of September 30, 2024. 
 Market State # of Homes Portfolio Occupancy Average Effective Rent # of Stabilized Homes Stabilized Occupancy Stabilized Average Monthly Rent Cincinnati OH, KY 2,908 96.7 1,324 2,386 96.4 1,346 Dayton OH 2,719 95.7 1,254 2,551 95.7 1,249 Columbus OH 1,635 95.0 1,301 1,492 94.8 1,303 St. Louis MO 1,807 94.1 1,180 1,134 92.9 1,201 Indianapolis IN 1,404 94.1 1,290 1,072 93.4 1,311 Birmingham AL 1,044 95.5 1,273 627 93.8 1,275 Columbia SC 957 94.1 1,396 566 91.3 1,428 Kansas City MO, KS 1,094 95.2 1,316 806 94.4 1,320 Jackson MS 812 95.7 1,243 652 95.1 1,250 Memphis TN, MS 1,336 94.4 1,072 878 93.5 1,094 Augusta GA, SC 654 96.0 1,212 437 95.4 1,274 Milwaukee WI 772 96.4 1,308 550 95.3 1,369 Atlanta GA 686 95.3 1,618 269 92.6 1,691 Pittsburgh PA 351 96.9 1,150 268 96.6 1,180 Pensacola FL 300 97.0 1,463 197 95.9 1,485 Greenville SC 383 95.3 1,337 264 95.1 1,392 Little Rock AR 260 96.5 1,062 243 96.3 1,066 Huntsville AL 274 94.9 1,389 191 94.2 1,417 Raeford NC 250 95.2 1,257 145 94.5 1,304 Portales NM 350 94.6 1,180 137 96.4 1,220 Omaha NE, IA 275 98.9 1,318 255 98.8 1,329 Triad NC 221 96.8 1,440 172 97.1 1,469 Montgomery AL 300 93.7 1,259 244 92.6 1,275 Charleston SC 1 100.0 1,745 n/a n/a Sub-Total/Average 20,793 95.4 1,279 15,536 94.9 1,293 Held for Sale 166 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Total/Average 20,959 95.4 1,279 15,536 94.9 1,293 
 As of December 31, 2023, the VineBrook Portfolio consisted of 21,843 homes in 18 states. As of December 31, 2023, the VineBrook Portfolio had an occupancy of 95.2 and a weighted average monthly effective rent of 1,220 per occupied home. As of December 31, 2023, the occupancy of stabilized homes in our VineBrook Portfolio was 95.1 and the weighted average monthly effective rent of occupied stabilized homes was 1,239. As of December 31, 2023, 32.3 of homes in our VineBrook Portfolio were excluded from being stabilized either because the homes were in rehabilitation or were purchased with residents in place. The table below provides summary information regarding our VineBrook Portfolio as of December 31, 2023: 
 Market State # of Homes Portfolio Occupancy Average Effective Rent # of Stabilized Homes Stabilized Occupancy Stabilized Average Monthly Rent Cincinnati OH, KY 3,046 96.2 1,260 2,431 96.1 1,283 Dayton OH 2,736 96.4 1,209 2,522 96.6 1,202 Columbus OH 1,652 97.1 1,247 1,475 97.2 1,251 St. Louis MO 1,867 94.4 1,128 1,071 93.7 1,150 Indianapolis IN 1,407 94.1 1,222 993 93.6 1,253 Birmingham AL 1,063 94.2 1,230 535 91.8 1,240 Columbia SC 960 93.6 1,324 478 92.9 1,378 Kansas City MO, KS 1,106 95.9 1,263 747 95.6 1,261 Jackson MS 847 93.4 1,177 636 93.1 1,194 Memphis TN, MS 1,360 93.1 1,000 807 93.4 1,038 Augusta GA, SC 671 94.2 1,172 391 92.6 1,256 Milwaukee WI 786 95.2 1,215 506 94.9 1,283 Atlanta GA 705 93.6 1,523 186 89.2 1,728 Pittsburgh PA 377 96.8 1,097 268 96.6 1,141 Pensacola FL 300 96.0 1,427 163 96.9 1,470 Greenville SC 386 95.6 1,281 244 93.9 1,367 Little Rock AR 269 93.7 1,024 250 93.2 1,029 Huntsville AL 278 97.8 1,315 174 97.1 1,343 Raeford NC 250 97.2 1,203 111 98.2 1,295 Portales NM 350 96.3 1,146 136 95.6 1,198 Omaha NE, IA 292 96.9 1,255 270 96.7 1,263 Triad NC 221 94.6 1,368 162 95.1 1,388 Montgomery AL 310 94.2 1,219 235 94.0 1,250 Charleston SC 9 100.0 1,722 n/a n/a Sub-Total/Average 21,248 95.2 1,220 14,791 95.1 1,239 Held for Sale 595 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Total/Average 21,843 95.2 1,220 14,791 95.1 1,239 
 
 NexPoint Homes Portfolio 
 NexPoint Homes is an owner and operator of SFR homes for lease. As of September 30, 2024, the NexPoint Homes Portfolio consisted of 2,343 SFR homes primarily located in the midwestern and southeastern United States. As of September 30, 2024, NexPoint Homes had occupancy of approximately 92.4 with a weighted average monthly effective rent of 1,713 per occupied home. NexPoint Homes activities include acquiring, renovating, developing, leasing and operating SFR homes as rental properties. For the NexPoint Homes reportable segment, a home is classified as stabilized once it has been rented or has been rehabilitated by the Company and available for rent for a period of greater than 30 days. As of September 30, 2024, the number of stabilized homes in the NexPoint Homes Portfolio was 2,158, the occupancy of stabilized homes was 97.8 , and the weighted average monthly effective rent of stabilized occupied homes was 1,713. 
 The table below provides summary information regarding the NexPoint Homes Portfolio as of September 30, 2024: 
 Market State # of Homes Portfolio Occupancy Average Effective Rent # of Stabilized Homes Stabilized Occupancy Stabilized Average Monthly Rent Atlanta GA 205 90.2 2,017 197 93.9 2,005 Birmingham AL 126 97.6 1,598 124 99.2 1,561 Charlotte NC 63 95.2 1,927 61 98.4 1,932 Dallas/Ft Worth TX 51 98.0 2,286 50 100.0 2,286 Fayetteville AR 363 92.3 1,637 352 95.2 1,632 Huntsville AL 71 93.0 1,878 69 95.7 1,878 Kansas City MO, KS 146 89.7 1,902 138 94.9 1,902 Little Rock AR 210 94.3 1,430 206 96.1 1,430 Memphis TN, MS 95 92.6 1,618 90 97.8 1,506 Oklahoma City OK 370 94.1 1,695 363 95.9 1,681 San Antonio TX 199 87.4 1,725 184 94.6 1,725 Tulsa OK 162 92.0 1,652 155 96.1 1,630 Other (1) AL,FL,KS,TX 177 91.0 1,805 169 95.3 1,805 Sub-Total/Average 2,238 92.4 1,713 2,158 97.8 1,713 Held for Sale 105 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Total/Average 2,343 92.4 1,713 2,158 97.8 1,713 (1) Contains markets that have less than 50 homes which include Mobile, Jacksonville, Orlando, Tampa, Wichita, Austin, and Houston. 
 
 The table below provides summary information regarding the NexPoint Homes Portfolio as of December 31, 2023: 
 Market State # of Homes Portfolio Occupancy Average Effective Rent # of Stabilized Homes Stabilized Occupancy Stabilized Average Monthly Rent Atlanta GA 211 89.6 1,997 192 98.4 2,025 Birmingham AL 133 93.2 1,590 125 99.2 1,601 Charlotte NC 68 62.6 1,940 63 100.0 1,940 Dallas/Ft Worth TX 51 92.2 2,268 47 100.0 2,268 Fayetteville AR 440 88.9 1,630 403 97.0 1,682 Huntsville AL 71 90.1 1,894 64 100.0 1,894 Kansas City MO, KS 146 96.6 1,862 141 100.0 1,892 Little Rock AR 210 91.0 1,421 192 99.5 1,429 Memphis TN, MS 158 93.0 1,513 152 96.7 1,562 Oklahoma City OK 514 88.3 1,676 461 98.5 1,703 San Antonio TX 199 88.9 1,742 181 97.8 1,781 Triad NC 50 88.0 1,767 45 97.8 1,803 Tulsa OK 176 91.5 1,632 161 100.0 1,632 Other (1) AL,FL,KS,TX 142 80.3 1,851 114 100.0 1,851 Sub-Total/Average 2,569 89.8 1,709 2,341 98.5 1,734 Held for Sale n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Total/Average 2,569 89.8 1,709 2,341 98.5 1,734 (1) Contains markets that have less than 50 homes which include Mobile, Jacksonville, Orlando, Tampa, Wichita, Austin, and Houston. 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of operating results for the NexPoint Homes reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total revenues 10,526 34,274 Total expenses 21,468 66,164 Net loss (19,888) (46,847) 
 The NexPoint Homes reportable segment began operations on June 8, 2022. The Company will continue to evaluate whether the entity is a variable interest entity (a VIE and if the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and should consolidate the entity. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Revenues and Expenses 
 The following is a description of the components of our revenues and expenses. 
 Revenues 
 Rental Income . Our revenues are derived primarily from rental revenue, net of any concessions and uncollectible amounts, collected from residents of our SFR homes under lease agreements which typically have a term of one year. Also included are utility reimbursements, late fees, pet fees, and other rental fees charged to residents. 
 Other income . Other income includes ancillary income earned from residents such as non-refundable fees, application fees, move-out fees, and other miscellaneous fees charged to residents. 
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses . Property operating expenses include property maintenance costs, turn costs (costs incurred in making a home ready for the next resident after the prior resident vacates the home), leasing costs and the associated salary and employee benefit costs, utilities, vehicle leases and HOA fees. Certain property operating costs are capitalized in accordance with our capitalization policy. Certain turn costs are capitalized to buildings and improvements if they improve the condition of the home or return it to its original condition and exceed 1,500 in cost. Upon being occupied, expenditures up to 1,500 for ordinary repairs and maintenance thereafter are expensed as incurred, and we capitalize expenditures that improve the condition of the home in excess of 1,500. 
 Real estate taxes and insurance . Real estate taxes include the property taxes assessed by local and state authorities depending on the location of each home. Insurance includes the cost of property, general liability, and other needed insurance for each property. Certain real estate taxes and insurance costs are capitalized in accordance with our capitalization policy. 
 Property management fees . Property management fees include fees paid to the Manager for managing each property, presented net of fee rebates related to the Manager Cap (see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements). Following the Internalization of the Manager in 2023, property management fees are eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 Advisory fees . Advisory fees include the fees paid to our Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement (see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements). 
 General and administrative expenses . General and administrative expenses include, but are not limited to, audit fees, legal fees, tax preparation fees, corporate taxes, Board fees, equity-based compensation expense, corporate payroll and personnel costs, costs of marketing, professional fees, general office supplies, centralized technology support and other expenses associated with our corporate and administrative functions. 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization costs primarily include depreciation of our homes and amortization of acquired in-place leases, recognized over their respective useful lives. 
 Interest expense . Interest expense primarily includes the cost of interest expense on debt, payments and receipts related to our interest rate derivatives, the change in fair value of interest rate derivatives not designated as hedges and the amortization of deferred financing costs. Certain interest costs are capitalized in accordance with our capitalization policy. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt includes prepayment penalties and defeasance costs, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and fair market value adjustments of assumed debt related to the early repayment of debt and other costs incurred in a debt extinguishment. 
 Gain/(loss) on sales and impairment of real estate, net . Gain/(loss) on sales and impairment of real estate, net, includes the gain or loss recognized upon sales of homes and impairment charges recorded on real estate assets, including casualty gains or losses incurred on homes. Gain/(loss) on sales of real estate is calculated by deducting the carrying value of the real estate and costs incurred to sell the properties from the sales prices of the homes. Impairment of real estate assets is calculated by calculating the lower of the carrying amount or estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell for held for sale properties. Casualty gains and losses include gains or losses incurred on homes, net of insurance proceeds received, that experience an infrequent and unusual event such as a natural disaster or fire. 
 Investment income. Investment income includes income from the loan from the SFR OP to HomeSource Operations, LLC (the HomeSource Note ), interest income from the retained ABS II certificates and interest income from preferred equity investments. See Notes 5, 6 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Loss on forfeited deposits . Loss on forfeited deposits includes forfeitures of deposits related to the termination of acquisition agreements, which primarily includes forfeitures of deposits related to the termination of the Tusk Portfolio and Siete Portfolio acquisition agreements. 
 Internalization Costs . Internalization costs relate to the Internalization of the Manager on August 3, 2023, when the OP acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in the Manager. As a result of the Internalization, the Manager became a wholly owned subsidiary of the OP and the VineBrook Portfolio is now internally managed. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Total revenues 90,656 88,735 1,921 Total expenses (137,118) (125,163) (11,955) Loss on extinguishment of debt (114) (164) 50 Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net (10,652) (34,654) 24,002 Investment income 882 101 781 Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments 255 255 Loss on forfeited deposits (292) 292 Internalization costs (917) 917 Net loss (56,091) (72,354) 16,263 Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A Preferred stock 2,023 2,207 (184) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP (8,413) (10,853) 2,440 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs (8,482) (3,684) (4,798) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs (940) (565) (375) Net loss attributable to stockholders (40,279) (59,459) 19,180 
 The change in our net loss between the periods primarily relates to an increase in rental income and investment income and decreases in property management fees, common area maintenance costs and loss on sales and impairment of real estate, partially offset by an increase in property operating expenses, interest expenses and general and administrative expenses. 
 Revenues 
 Rental income . Rental income was 88.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 87.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 1.4 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in stabilized homes and an increase in rental rates over the past year. 
 Other income . Other income was 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 0.6 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in the reserve allocated to move out charges in the current year. 
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses . Property operating expenses were 19.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 20.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 1.0 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to a decrease in turnover, utilities, and maintenance costs in the three months ended September 30, 2024 associated with the growth in stabilized homes. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, turn costs represented approximately 22 and 15 , respectively, of our property operating expenses. 
 Real estate taxes and insurance . Real estate taxes and insurance were 16.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.2 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to dispositions in the VineBrook Portfolio and NexPoint Homes Portfolio, partially offset by increases in real estate tax assessments as a result of increases in property valuations. 
 Property management fees . Property management fees were 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 1.7 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the Internalization which occurred on August 3, 2023, after which property management fees were eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 Advisory fees . Advisory fees were 5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.4 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the decrease in assets under management for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 General and administrative expenses . General and administrative expenses were 21.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 7.5 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to increases in equity-based compensation costs, legal fees and payroll costs once we internalized the Manager in August 2023. 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization costs were 31.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 31.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.2 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the disposition of homes over the past year partially offset by the increase in depreciation on capitalized costs. 
 Interest expense . Interest expense was 42.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 34.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 8.1 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in non-cash discount amortization and an increase in non-cash interest expense related to derivatives not designated as hedging instrument, partially offset by a decrease in interest on debt as we made pay downs on debt outstanding over the past year. The following table details the various costs included in interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Gross interest cost 42,972 35,212 7,760 Capitalized interest (604) (920) 316 Total 42,368 34,292 8,076 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt was 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.1 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to a decrease in debt extinguishment activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gain/(loss) on sales and impairment of real estate, net . Loss on sales and impairment of real estate was 10.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 34.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 23.9 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to a decrease in impairment charges on held for sale assets and a decrease in disposition activity in the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company strategically identifies homes for disposal and expects the disposal of these properties to be accretive to the Portfolio s results of operation and overall performance. 
 Investment income . Investment income was 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 0.8 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to interest income from the HomeSource Note and interest income from and tax refunds related to the asset-backed securitization certificates and preferred equity investments. 
 Loss on forfeited deposits . Loss on forfeited deposits was less than 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.3 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to a decrease in the termination of acquisition agreements during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Internalization costs . Internalization costs were 0.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.9 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the Internalization which occurred on August 3, 2023. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Total revenues 272,686 263,483 9,203 Total expenses (393,196) (368,968) (24,228) Loss on extinguishment of debt (1,488) (276) (1,212) Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net (19,773) (65,108) 45,335 Investment income 2,973 265 2,708 Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments Loss on forfeited deposits (42,202) 42,202 Internalization costs (917) 917 Net loss (138,798) (213,723) 74,925 Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A Preferred stock 6,260 6,621 (361) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the OP (20,820) (32,059) 11,239 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs (19,997) (11,691) (8,306) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs (2,754) (1,566) (1,188) Net loss attributable to stockholders (101,487) (175,028) 73,541 
 The change in our net loss between the periods primarily relates to an increase in rental income and investment income and decreases in property management fees, common area maintenance, loss on sales and impairment of real estate and loss on forfeited deposits, partially offset by an increase in property operating expenses, real estate taxes and insurance costs, general and administrative expenses and loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 Revenues 
 Rental income . Rental income was 268.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 259.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 9.0 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in stabilized homes and an increase in rental rates over the past year. 
 Other income . Other income was 4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 0.2 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in the reserve allocated to move out charges in the current year. 
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses . Property operating expenses were 59.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 56.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 2.7 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in turnover and utilities, partially offset by a decrease in common area maintenance costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, associated with the growth in stabilized homes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, turn costs represented approximately 21 and 15 , respectively, of our property operating expenses. 
 Real estate taxes and insurance . Real estate taxes and insurance were 50.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 49.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 1.9 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to increases in our real estate tax assessments as a result of increases in property valuations and property flood insurance. 
 Property management fees . Property management fees were 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 11.3 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the Internalization which occurred on August 3, 2023, after which property management fees were eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 Advisory fees . Advisory fees were 15.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.6 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the decrease in assets under management for the VineBrook reportable segment, partially offset by the accrual of advisory fees at the NexPoint Homes reportable segment in 2024, which had previously been partially waived for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 General and administrative expenses . General and administrative expenses were 60.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 36.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 24.2 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to increases in equity-based compensation costs, legal fees and payroll costs once we internalized the Manager in August 2023. 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization costs were 94.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 96.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 1.7 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the disposition of homes over the past year partially offset by the increase in depreciation on capitalized costs. 
 Interest expense . Interest expense was 110.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 101.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 8.9 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in non-cash discount amortization, partially offset by an increase in interest rate derivative proceeds and a decrease in interest on debt as we made pay downs on debt outstanding over the past year. The following table details the various costs included in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Gross interest cost 110,867 108,423 2,444 Capitalized interest (837) (7,352) 6,515 Total 110,030 101,071 8,959 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt was 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 1.2 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to an increase in prepayment fees from debt extinguishment related to pay downs on existing debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gain/(loss) on sales and impairment of real estate, net . Loss on sales and impairment of real estate was 19.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 65.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 45.3 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to a decrease in impairment charges on held for sale assets and a decrease in disposition activity in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company strategically identifies homes for disposal and expects the disposal of these properties to be accretive to the Portfolio s results of operation and overall performance. 
 Investment income . Investment income was 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of 2.7 million. The increase between the periods was primarily due to interest income from the HomeSource Note and interest income from and tax refunds related to the asset-backed securitization certificates. 
 Loss on forfeited deposits . Loss on forfeited deposits was less than 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 42.2 million loss on forfeited deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 42.2 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to a decrease in the termination of acquisition agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Internalization costs . Internalization costs were 0.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of 0.9 million. The decrease between the periods was primarily due to the Internalization which occurred on August 3, 2023. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Measurements 
 Net Operating Income 
 NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance. NOI is used by our management to evaluate and compare the performance of our properties to other comparable properties, to determine trends in earnings and to compute the fair value of our properties as NOI is not affected by (1) interest expense, (2) advisory fees, (3) the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses, (4) gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets that are included in net income computed in accordance with GAAP or impairment charges, including casualty gains or losses (5) general and administrative expenses, (6) investment income, (7) changes in unrealized gains or losses on investments, (8) loss on forfeited deposits, (9) Internalization costs and (10) other gains and losses that are specific to us, including loss on extinguishment of debt. The cost of funds is eliminated from net income (loss) because it is specific to our particular financing capabilities and constraints. The cost of funds is also eliminated because it is dependent on historical interest rates and other costs of capital as well as past decisions made by us regarding the appropriate mix of capital, or in the case of assumed debt, decisions made by others, which may have changed or may change in the future. Advisory fees are eliminated because they do not reflect continuing operating costs of the property owner. Depreciation and amortization expenses, gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets and impairment charges are eliminated because they may not accurately represent the actual change in value in our homes that result from use of the properties or changes in market conditions. While certain aspects of real property do decline in value over time in a manner that is reasonably captured by depreciation and amortization, the value of the properties as a whole have historically increased or decreased as a result of changes in overall economic conditions instead of from actual use of the property or the passage of time. Gains and losses from the sale of real property vary from property to property and are affected by market conditions at the time of sale, which will usually change from period to period. Casualty gains or losses, included within impairment charges, do not reflect continuing operating costs of the property owner and typically the economic impact, aside from deductible or risk retention, is covered by insurance. General and administrative expenses are eliminated because they do not reflect the ongoing operating activity performed at the properties and represent expenses such as legal, professional, centralized technology support and accounting functions and other expenses associated with our corporate and administrative functions. Investment income and changes in unrealized gains or losses on investments are eliminated because they do not reflect the ongoing operating activity performed at the properties. Losses on forfeited deposits and Internalization costs are excluded because of the infrequent and unusual nature of this activity. Gains or losses on extinguished debt are excluded because they do not reflect continuing operating costs of the property owner. These gains and losses can create distortions when comparing one period to another or when comparing our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies that have not made similarly timed purchases or sales or sustained damage at similar times. We believe that eliminating these items from net income is useful because the resulting measure captures the actual ongoing revenue generated and actual expenses incurred in operating our properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 However, the usefulness of NOI is limited because it excludes general and administrative expenses, interest expense, Internalization costs, miscellaneous gains or losses, which include casualty gains or losses and other nonrecurring items, advisory fees, depreciation and amortization expense, gains or losses from the sale of properties, investment income, and other gains and losses, including loss on extinguishment of debt as determined under GAAP, and the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which are significant economic costs. NOI may fail to capture significant trends in these components of net income, which further limits its usefulness. 
 NOI is a measure of the operating performance of our properties but does not measure our performance as a whole. NOI is therefore not a substitute for net income (loss) as computed in accordance with GAAP. This measure should be analyzed in conjunction with net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP and discussions elsewhere regarding the components of net income (loss) that are eliminated in the calculation of NOI. Other companies may use different methods for calculating NOI or similarly entitled measures and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other companies that do not define the measure exactly as we do. 
 The following table, which has not been adjusted for the effects of noncontrolling interests NCI ), reconciles our consolidated NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to net (loss)/income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure on a consolidated basis (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (56,091) (72,354) (138,798) (213,723) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to NOI: Advisory fees 5,218 5,637 15,664 16,285 General and administrative expenses 21,374 13,860 60,631 36,385 Depreciation and amortization 31,354 31,610 94,788 96,530 Interest expense 42,368 34,292 110,030 101,071 Loss on extinguishment of debt 114 164 1,488 276 Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net 10,652 34,654 19,773 65,108 Investment income (882) (101) (2,973) (265) Loss on forfeited deposits 292 42,202 Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments (255) Internalization costs 917 917 NOI 53,852 48,971 160,603 144,786 
 The following tables, which have not been adjusted for the effects of NCI, reconcile our NOI for each of our segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure by reportable segment (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total Net loss (36,203) (19,888) (56,091) (91,951) (46,847) (138,798) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to NOI: Advisory fees 4,355 863 5,218 12,988 2,676 15,664 General and administrative expenses 18,582 2,792 21,374 57,135 3,495 60,630 Depreciation and amortization 24,013 7,341 31,354 72,029 22,759 94,788 Interest expense 34,287 8,081 42,368 85,699 24,332 110,031 Loss on extinguishment of debt 114 114 1,488 1,488 Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net 1,616 9,036 10,652 4,547 15,226 19,773 Investment income (792) (90) (882) (2,704) (269) (2,973) Loss on forfeited deposits Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments (255) (255) Internalization costs NOI 45,717 8,135 53,852 139,231 21,372 160,603 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total Net loss (63,746) (8,608) (72,354) (186,893) (26,830) (213,723) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to NOI: Advisory fees 4,711 926 5,637 14,445 1,840 16,285 General and administrative expenses 14,834 (974) 13,860 34,115 2,270 36,385 Depreciation and amortization 24,208 7,402 31,610 74,405 22,125 96,530 Interest expense 25,761 8,531 34,292 76,899 24,172 101,071 Loss on extinguishment of debt 164 164 276 276 Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net 34,642 12 34,654 64,873 235 65,108 Investment income (12) (89) (101) (12) (253) (265) Loss on forfeited deposits 292 292 41,910 292 42,202 Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments Internalization costs 917 917 917 917 NOI 41,479 7,492 48,971 120,935 23,851 144,786 
 
 Net Operating Income for Our Same Home and Non-Same Home Properties for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 There are 11,919 homes in our 2024 same home pool (our Same Home properties). To be included as a Same Home, homes must be in the VineBrook reportable segment and must have been stabilized for at least 90 days in advance of the first day of the previous fiscal year and be held through the current reporting period-end. Same Home properties for the period ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were stabilized by October 1, 2022 and held through September 30, 2024. Same Home properties do not include homes held for sale. Homes that are stabilized are included as Same Home properties, whether occupied or vacant. See Item 1 Business Our Portfolio in our Annual Report for a discussion of the definition of stabilized. We view Same Home NOI as an important measure of the operating performance of our homes because it allows us to compare operating results of homes owned for the entirety of the current and comparable periods and therefore eliminate variations caused by acquisitions or dispositions during the periods. 
 The following table reflects the revenues, property operating expenses and NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for our Same Home and Non-Same Home properties (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues Same Home Rental income (1) 42,960 40,168 2,792 7.0 Other income (1) 576 504 72 14.3 Same Home revenues 43,536 40,672 2,864 7.0 Non-Same Home Rental income (1) 42,279 44,581 (2,302) -5.2 Other income (1) 1,093 219 874 399.1 Non-Same Home revenues 43,372 44,800 (1,428) -3.2 Total revenues 86,908 85,472 1,436 1.7 Operating expenses Same Home Property operating expenses (1) 9,588 9,526 62 0.7 Real estate taxes and insurance 8,103 7,771 332 4.3 Property management fees (2) 655 (655) -100.0 Same Home operating expenses 17,691 17,952 (261) -1.5 Non-Same Home Property operating expenses (1) 6,583 8,100 (1,517) -18.7 Real estate taxes and insurance 8,570 9,164 (594) -6.5 Property management fees (2) 212 1,285 (1,073) -83.5 Non-Same Home operating expenses 15,365 18,549 (3,184) -17.2 Total operating expenses 33,056 36,501 (3,445) -9.4 NOI Same Home 25,845 22,720 3,125 13.8 Non-Same Home 28,007 26,251 1,756 6.7 Total NOI 53,852 48,971 4,881 10.0 (1) Presented net of resident chargebacks. 
 (2) Fees incurred to the Manager; following the Internalization, property management fees are eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 
 See reconciliation of net income (loss) to NOI above under Net Operating Income. 
 Same Home Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Same Home properties were approximately 95.0 occupied with a weighted average monthly effective rent per occupied home of 1,293. As of September 30, 2023, our Same Home properties were approximately 94.7 occupied with a weighted average monthly effective rent per occupied home of 1,215. For our Same Home properties, we recorded the following operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Revenues 
 Rental income . Rental income was 43.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 40.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 2.9 million, or 7.0 . The increase is related to a 6.4 increase in the weighted average monthly effective rent per occupied home, a 42 increase in total chargebacks to residents and a 0.3 increase in occupancy. 
 Other income. Other income was approximately 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 0.1 million. This increase was primarily due to the increase in overall fees charged to single family properties, which was 1.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses. Property operating expenses were 9.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 0.1 million, or 0.7 . The increase is primarily related to a decrease in turnover costs of 0.1 million and an increase in utilities of 0.2 million. 
 Real estate taxes and insurance. Real estate taxes and insurance costs were 8.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 7.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 0.3 million, or 4.3 . The increase is primarily related to an increase in property insurance costs of 0.3 million. 
 Property management fees. There were no property management fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of approximately 0.7 million, or 100.0 . The decrease is due to the Internalization, which occurred on August 3, 2023, after which property management fees were eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the management fee structure. 
 The following table reflects a reconciliation of Same Home and Non-Same Home revenues and operating expenses to total revenues and operating expenses, including resident chargebacks, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Same Home revenues 43,536 40,672 Non-Same Home revenues 43,372 44,800 Chargebacks 3,748 3,263 Total revenues 90,656 88,735 Same Home operating expenses 17,691 17,952 Non-Same Home operating expenses 15,365 18,549 Chargebacks 3,748 3,263 Total operating expenses 36,804 39,764 
 Net Operating Income for Our Same Home and Non-Same Home Properties for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 There are 11,919 homes in our 2024 same home pool (our Same Home properties). To be included as a Same Home, homes must be in the VineBrook reportable segment and must have been stabilized for at least 90 days in advance 
 of the first day of the previous fiscal year and be held through the current reporting period-end. Same Home properties for the period ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were stabilized by October 1, 2022 and held through September 30, 2024. Same Home properties do not include homes held for sale. Homes that are stabilized are included as Same Home properties, whether occupied or vacant. See Item 1 Business Our Portfolio in our Annual Report for a discussion of the definition of stabilized. We view Same Home NOI as an important measure of the operating performance of our homes because it allows us to compare operating results of homes owned for the entirety of the current and comparable periods and therefore eliminate variations caused by acquisitions or dispositions during the periods. 
 The following table reflects the revenues, property operating expenses and NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for our Same Home and Non-Same Home properties (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues Same Home Rental income (1) 127,975 119,372 8,603 7.2 Other income (1) 1,785 1,075 710 66.0 Same Home revenues 129,760 120,447 9,313 7.7 Non-Same Home Rental income (1) 135,094 136,844 (1,750) -1.3 Other income (1) 2,115 1,782 333 18.7 Non-Same Home revenues 137,209 138,626 (1,417) -1.0 Total revenues 266,969 259,073 7,896 3.0 Operating expenses Same Home Property operating expenses (1) 26,580 23,042 3,538 15.4 Real estate taxes and insurance 23,925 22,460 1,465 6.5 Property management fees (2) 5,731 (5,731) -100.0 Same Home operating expenses 50,505 51,233 (728) -1.4 Non-Same Home Property operating expenses (1) 27,016 29,150 (2,134) -7.3 Real estate taxes and insurance 27,004 26,570 434 1.6 Property management fees (2) 1,841 7,334 (5,493) -74.9 Non-Same Home operating expenses 55,861 63,054 (7,193) -11.4 Total operating expenses 106,366 114,287 (7,921) -6.9 NOI Same Home 79,255 69,214 10,041 14.5 Non-Same Home 81,348 75,572 5,776 7.6 Total NOI 160,603 144,786 15,817 10.9 (1) Presented net of resident chargebacks. 
 (2) Fees incurred to the Manager; following the Internalization, property management fees are eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. 
 
 See reconciliation of net income (loss) to NOI above under Net Operating Income. 
 Same Home Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Same Home properties were approximately 95.0 occupied with a weighted average monthly effective rent per occupied home of 1,293. As of September 30, 2023, our Same Home properties were approximately 94.7 occupied with a weighted average monthly effective rent per occupied home of 1,215. For our Same 
 Home properties, we recorded the following operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Revenues 
 Rental income . Rental income was 128.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 119.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 8.7 million, or 7.2 . The increase is related to a 6.4 increase in the weighted average monthly effective rent per occupied home, a 45 increase in total chargebacks to residents and a 0.3 increase in occupancy. 
 Other income. Other income was approximately 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 0.7 million. This increase was primarily due to the increase in property administrative fees charged to residents, which was a 0.7 million increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Expenses 
 Property operating expenses. Property operating expenses were 26.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 23.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 3.6 million, or 15.4 . The increase is primarily related to an increase in turnover costs of 1.7 million and an increase in utilities of 1.3 million. 
 Real estate taxes and insurance. Real estate taxes and insurance costs were 23.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 22.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 1.4 million, or 6.5 . The increase is primarily related to an increase in property insurance costs of 1.4 million. 
 Property management fees. There were no property management fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was a decrease of approximately 5.7 million, or 100.0 . The decrease is due to the Internalization, which occurred on August 3, 2023, after which property management fees were eliminated in consolidation for the VineBrook reportable segment. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the management fee structure. 
 The following table reflects a reconciliation of Same Home and Non-Same Home revenues and operating expenses to total revenues and operating expenses, including resident chargebacks, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Same Home revenues 129,760 120,447 Non-Same Home revenues 137,209 138,626 Chargebacks 5,717 4,410 Total revenues 272,686 263,483 Same Home operating expenses 50,505 51,233 Non-Same Home operating expenses 55,861 63,054 Chargebacks 5,717 4,410 Total operating expenses 112,083 118,697 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated FFO, Core FFO and AFFO 
 We believe that net income (loss), as defined by GAAP, is the most appropriate earnings measure. We also believe that funds from operations attributable to stockholders, NCI of the OP, redeemable NCI in consolidated VIEs, and NCI in consolidated VIEs FFO as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investments Trusts NAREIT ), core funds from operations attributable to stockholders, NCI of the OP, redeemable NCI in consolidated VIEs, and NCI in consolidated VIEs Core FFO and adjusted funds from operations attributable to stockholders, NCI of the OP, redeemable NCI in consolidated VIEs, and NCI in consolidated VIEs AFFO are important non-GAAP supplemental measures of operating performance for a REIT. 
 Since the historical cost accounting convention used for real estate assets requires depreciation except on land, such accounting presentation implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market and other conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT that use historical cost accounting for depreciation could be less informative. Thus, NAREIT created FFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost depreciation and amortization, among other items, from net income (loss), as defined by GAAP. FFO is defined by NAREIT as net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from real estate dispositions and impairment of real estate assets, plus real estate depreciation and amortization. We compute FFO in accordance with NAREIT s definition. Our presentation differs slightly from NAREIT s in that we begin with net income (loss) attributable to stockholders and add net income (loss) attributable to NCI in the OP, net income (loss) attributable to redeemable NCI in consolidated VIEs and net income (loss) attributable to NCI in consolidated VIEs and then make the adjustments to arrive at FFO. 
 Core FFO makes certain adjustments to FFO, which are not representative of the ongoing operating performance of our Portfolio. Core FFO adjusts FFO to remove items such as (1) losses on forfeited deposits, (2) gains or losses on extinguishment of debt (3) non-cash interest expenses, (4) changes in unrealized gains or losses on investments, (5) Internalization costs, (6) transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions, dispositions and issuance of debt and other costs not related to core real estate operations and (7) equity-based compensation expense. We believe Core FFO is useful as a supplemental gauge of our operating performance and is useful in comparing our operating performance with other REITs. 
 AFFO makes certain adjustments to Core FFO in order to arrive at a more refined measure of the operating performance of our Portfolio. There is no industry standard definition of AFFO and the method of calculating AFFO is divergent across the industry. AFFO adjusts Core FFO to remove recurring capital expenditures, which are costs necessary to help preserve the value and maintain functionality of our homes. We believe AFFO is useful as a supplemental gauge of the operating performance of our Company and is useful in comparing our operating performance with other REITs. 
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares in our FFO/Core FFO/AFFO table includes both our Common Stock and OP Units. 
 We believe that the use of FFO, Core FFO and AFFO, combined with the required GAAP presentations, improves the understanding of operating results of REITs and makes comparisons of operating results among such companies more meaningful. While FFO, Core FFO and AFFO are relevant and widely used measures of operating performance of REITs, they do not represent cash flows from operations or net income (loss) as defined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative or substitute to those measures in evaluating our liquidity or operating performance. FFO, Core FFO and AFFO do not purport to be indicative of cash available to fund our future cash requirements. 
 
 The following table reconciles our calculations of FFO, Core FFO and AFFO to net loss attributable to stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 to 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Change Net loss attributable to stockholders (40,279) (59,459) (101,487) (175,028) -42.0 Net loss attributable to NCI in the OP (8,413) (10,853) (20,820) (32,059) -35.1 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest in consolidated VIEs (8,482) (3,684) (19,997) (11,691) 71.0 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in consolidated VIEs (940) (565) (2,754) (1,566) 75.9 Depreciation and amortization 31,354 31,610 94,788 96,530 -1.8 Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net 10,652 34,654 19,773 65,108 -69.6 FFO attributable to stockholders, NCI in the OP, redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs, and noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs (16,108) (8,297) (30,497) (58,706) -48.1 FFO per share - basic (0.54) (0.28) (1.02) (2.03) -49.8 FFO per share - diluted (0.54) (0.28) (1.02) (2.03) -49.8 Loss on forfeited deposits 292 42,202 -100.0 Investment income 488 980 N/M Loss on extinguishment of debt 114 164 1,488 276 N/M Non-cash interest expense 15,112 3,427 26,045 9,189 N/M Change in unrealized (gain) loss on investments (255) N/M Internalization costs 917 917 -100.0 Transaction and other costs 3,671 521 7,236 521 N/M Equity-based compensation expense 5,114 2,878 15,614 8,755 78.3 Core FFO attributable to stockholders, NCI in the OP, redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs, and noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs 8,136 (98) 20,866 3,154 N/M Core FFO per share - basic 0.27 0.70 0.11 N/M Core FFO per share - diluted 0.26 0.68 0.11 N/M Recurring capital expenditures (6,370) (6,159) (18,234) (15,150) 20.4 AFFO attributable to stockholders, NCI in the OP, redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs, and noncontrolling interests in consolidated VIEs 1,766 (6,257) 2,632 (11,996) N/M AFFO per share - basic 0.06 (0.21) 0.09 (0.41) N/M AFFO per share - diluted 0.06 (0.21) 0.09 (0.41) N/M Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 30,012 29,231 29,843 28,917 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted (1) 30,854 30,002 30,715 29,481 Dividends declared per share 0.5301 1.5903 1.0602 Net loss attributable to stockholders per share/unit - diluted (1.59) (2.39) (4.02) (7.09) Net loss attributable to stockholders Coverage - diluted (2) -3x N/A -2.53x -6.69x FFO Coverage - diluted (3) -1.02x N/A -0.64x -1.91x Core FFO Coverage - diluted (3) 0.49x N/A 0.43x 0.1x AFFO Coverage - diluted (3) 0.11x N/A 0.06x -0.39x 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes approximately 841,000 shares and 471,000 shares, respectively, related to the assumed vesting of restricted stock units of the Company RSUs ), earned performance shares of the Company Performance Shares and profits interest units in the OP PI Units not contingent upon an IPO, change in control or listing of the Company's Common Stock on a national securities exchange. 
 (2) Indicates coverage ratio of net loss attributable to stockholders per share (diluted) over dividends declared per common share during the period. 
 (3) Indicates coverage ratio of FFO/Core FFO/AFFO per common share (diluted) over dividends declared per common share during the period. 
 
 VineBrook FFO, Core FFO and AFFO 
 In addition to FFO, Core FFO and AFFO, we present FFO, Core FFO and AFFO for the VineBrook reportable segment VineBrook FFO, VineBrook Core FFO, and VineBrook AFFO, respectively) as we view the VineBrook segment as the Company s primary reportable segment and believe it is useful to consider the VineBrook FFO, VineBrook Core FFO and VineBrook AFFO as supplemental gauges of our operating performance. We also use VineBrook Core FFO as a performance metric for certain key executives, including under grants of performance shares made in the Internalization. 
 FFO is defined by NAREIT as net income (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from real estate dispositions and impairment of real estate assets, plus real estate depreciation and amortization. We compute VineBrook FFO in accordance with NAREIT s definition. Our presentation differs slightly from NAREIT s in that we begin with VineBrook net income (loss) attributable to stockholders and add VineBrook net income (loss) attributable to NCI in the OP and then make the adjustments to arrive at VineBrook FFO. 
 VineBrook Core FFO makes certain adjustments to VineBrook FFO, which are not representative of the ongoing operating performance of our Portfolio. VineBrook Core FFO adjusts VineBrook FFO to remove or add items such as (1) losses on forfeited deposits, (2) reportable segment-specific investment income, (3) gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, (4) non-cash interest expenses, (5) changes in unrealized gains or losses on investments, (6) Internalization costs, (7) transaction costs incurred in connection with acquisitions, dispositions and issuance of debt and other costs not related to core real estate operations and (8) equity-based compensation expense. We believe VineBrook Core FFO is useful as a supplemental gauge of our operating performance and is useful in comparing our operating performance with other REITs. 
 VineBrook AFFO makes certain adjustments to VineBrook Core FFO in order to arrive at a more refined measure of the operating performance of our VineBrook Portfolio. There is no industry standard definition of AFFO and the method of calculating AFFO is divergent across the industry. VineBrook AFFO adjusts VineBrook Core FFO to remove recurring capital expenditures, which are costs necessary to help preserve the value and maintain functionality of our homes. We believe VineBrook AFFO is useful as a supplemental gauge of the operating performance of our VineBrook reportable segment and is useful in comparing our operating performance with other REITs. 
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares in our VineBrook FFO/VineBrook Core FFO/VineBrook AFFO table includes both our Common Stock and OP Units. 
 We believe that the use of VineBrook FFO, VineBrook Core FFO and VineBrook AFFO, combined with the required GAAP presentations, improves the understanding of operating results of REITs and makes comparisons of operating results among such companies more meaningful. While FFO, Core FFO and AFFO are relevant and widely used measures of operating performance of REITs, they do not represent cash flows from operations or net income (loss) as defined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative or substitute to those measures in evaluating our liquidity or operating performance. VineBrook FFO, VineBrook Core FFO and VineBrook AFFO do not purport to be indicative of cash available to fund our future cash requirements. Further, our computation of VineBrook FFO, VineBrook Core FFO and VineBrook AFFO may not be comparable to FFO, Core FFO and AFFO reported by other REITs. 
 The FFO, Core FFO and AFFO results discussed further below are for the VineBrook reportable segment, and reconcile to net loss for the VineBrook reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 
 2023. See below for a reconciliation of VineBrook net loss to consolidated net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total Net loss attributable to stockholders (30,385) (9,894) (40,279) (79,091) (22,393) (101,484) Net loss attributable to redeemable NCI in the OP (7,841) (572) (8,413) (19,117) (1,703) (20,820) Net loss attributable to redeemable NCI in consolidated VIEs (8,482) (8,482) (19,997) (19,997) Net loss attributable to NCI in consolidated VIEs (940) (940) (2,754) (2,754) Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A preferred stock 2,023 2,023 6,260 6,260 Net Loss (36,203) (19,888) (56,091) (91,948) (46,847) (138,795) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total VineBrook NexPoint Homes Total Net loss attributable to stockholders (55,462) (3,997) (59,459) (162,564) (12,464) (175,028) Net loss attributable to redeemable NCI in the OP (10,491) (362) (10,853) (30,950) (1,109) (32,059) Net loss attributable to redeemable NCI in consolidated VIEs (3,684) (3,684) (11,691) (11,691) Net loss attributable to NCI in consolidated VIEs (565) (565) (1,566) (1,566) Dividends on and accretion to redemption value of Redeemable Series A preferred stock 2,207 2,207 6,621 6,621 Net Loss (63,746) (8,608) (72,354) (186,893) (26,830) (213,723) 
 The following table reconciles our calculations of VineBrook FFO, VineBrook Core FFO and VineBrook AFFO to the VineBrook reportable segment's net loss attributable to stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 and 2023, which is reconciled to consolidated net loss above, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 to 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Change Net loss attributable to stockholders (30,385) (55,462) (79,094) (162,564) -51.3 Net loss attributable to NCI in the OP (7,841) (10,491) (19,117) (30,950) -38.2 Depreciation and amortization 24,013 24,208 72,029 74,405 -3.2 Loss on sales and impairment of real estate, net 1,616 34,642 4,547 64,873 -93.0 VineBrook FFO attributable to stockholders and NCI in the OP 
 (12,597) (7,103) (21,635) (54,236) -60.1 VineBrook FFO per share - basic (0.42) (0.24) (0.72) (1.88) -61.7 VineBrook FFO per share - diluted (0.42) (0.24) (0.72) (1.88) -61.7 Loss on forfeited deposits 41,910 -100.0 Investment income (1) 1,321 374 3,790 2,920 29.8 Loss on extinguishment of debt 114 164 1,488 276 N/M Non-cash interest expense 14,864 3,217 25,796 8,584 N/M Change in unrealized (gain) loss on investments (255) N/M Internalization costs 917 917 -100.0 Transaction and other costs 3,224 521 6,789 521 N/M Equity-based compensation expense 4,985 4,241 15,225 8,268 84.1 VineBrook Core FFO attributable to stockholders and NCI in the OP 
 11,656 2,331 31,453 9,160 N/M VineBrook Core FFO per share - basic 0.39 0.08 1.05 0.32 N/M VineBrook Core FFO per share - diluted 0.38 0.08 1.02 0.31 N/M Recurring capital expenditures (6,369) (6,159) (18,234) (15,150) 20.4 VineBrook AFFO attributable to stockholders and NCI in the OP 
 5,287 (3,828) 13,219 (5,990) N/M VineBrook AFFO per share - basic 0.18 (0.13) 0.44 (0.21) N/M VineBrook AFFO per share - diluted 0.17 (0.13) 0.43 (0.21) N/M Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 30,012 29,231 29,843 28,917 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted (2) 30,854 30,002 30,715 29,481 Dividends declared per share 0.5301 1.5903 1.0602 Net loss attributable to stockholders per share/unit - diluted (3) (1.59) (2.39) (4.02) (7.09) Net loss attributable to stockholders Coverage - diluted (4) -3x N/A -2.53x -6.69x VineBrook FFO Coverage - diluted (5) 
 -0.79x N/A -0.45x -1.77x VineBrook Core FFO Coverage - diluted (5) 
 0.72x N/A 0.64x 0.29x VineBrook AFFO Coverage - diluted (5) 
 0.32x N/A 0.27x -0.2x 
 (1) Investment income in the table above includes approximately 0.4 million and 0.4 million of interest income from the 7.50 convertible notes of NexPoint Homes (the NexPoint Homes Convertible Notes and approximately 0.9 million and 0.8 million of dividend income from the investment in NexPoint Homes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, investment income in the table above includes approximately 1.1 million and 1.3 million of interest income from the NexPoint Homes Convertible Notes and approximately 2.6 million and 1.7 million of dividend income from the investment in NexPoint Homes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The VineBrook reportable segment interest and dividend income related to NexPoint Homes are eliminated on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) but are added back to VineBrook Core FFO since these funds are attributable to the standalone VineBrook reportable segment. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes approximately 841,000 shares and 471,000 shares respectively, related to the assumed vesting of RSUs, Performance Shares and profits interest units in the OP PI Units not contingent upon an IPO, change in control, or listing of the Company's Common Stock on a national securities exchange. 
 (3) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the net loss attributable to stockholders per share/unit (diluted) includes (0.16) per common share and (0.51) per common share, respectively, related to the allocated loss per common share attributable to the NexPoint Homes reportable segment. 
 (4) Indicates coverage ratio of net loss attributable to stockholders for the VineBrook reportable segment per share (diluted) over dividends declared per common share during the period. 
 (5) Indicates coverage ratio of VineBrook FFO/VineBrook Core FFO/VineBrook AFFO per common share (diluted) over dividends declared per common share during the period. 
 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 VineBrook FFO was (21.6) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to (54.2) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 32.6 million. The change in VineBrook FFO between the periods primarily relates to decreases in the VineBrook reportable segment s loss on forfeited deposits of 41.9 million, the VineBrook reportable segment's total property operating expenses of 6.6 million, the VineBrook reportable segment s interest expense of 8.8 million and the increase in the VineBrook reportable segment s rental income of 10.5 million, partially offset by an increase in the VineBrook reportable segment s general and administrative expenses of 23.0 million. 
 VineBrook Core FFO was 31.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 22.3 million. The change in VineBrook Core FFO between the periods primarily relates to increases in VineBrook FFO of 32.6 million, the VineBrook reportable segment's equity-based compensation expense of 7.0 million and the VineBrook reportable segment's non-cash interest expense 17.2 million, which are all added back to arrive at VineBrook Core FFO. 
 VineBrook AFFO was 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to (6.0) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was an increase of approximately 19.2 million. The change in VineBrook AFFO between the periods primarily relates to an increase to VineBrook Core FFO, partially offset by an increase in the VineBrook reportable segment s recurring capital expenditures of 3.1 million. 
 The changes in diluted VineBrook FFO per share, VineBrook Core FFO per share and VineBrook AFFO per share were primarily related to an increase of 11.4 in VineBrook interest expense (or 8.4 on a per share basis). The weighted average interest rate of debt decreased from 7.6059 as of September 30, 2023 to 5.6454 as of September 30, 2024 for the VineBrook reportable segment, which has contributed to the increase in our VineBrook FFO and VineBrook Core FFO per share results. The Company has entered into 13 interest rate derivative agreements with a combined notional amount of approximately 1.4 billion in order to partially offset the impact of interest rates. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Net Asset Value 
 The purchase price at which Common Stock may be repurchased in accordance with the terms of the Amended Share Repurchase Plan is generally based on the most recent NAV per share in effect at the time of repurchase, and Common Stock or OP Units issued under the applicable DRIP generally reflect a 3 discount to the then-current NAV per share. 
 Effective for valuations beginning on July 31, 2021, the Company implemented an amended and restated Valuation Methodology as approved by our Board. Under the Valuation Methodology, Green Street calculates a preliminary NAV by valuing the portfolio in accordance with the Valuation Methodology. Green Street then recommends the preliminary NAV to the Adviser. Based on this recommendation, the Adviser then calculates transaction costs and makes any other adjustments, including costs of internalization, determined necessary to finalize NAV. The finalized NAV is then approved by the Pricing Committee. 
 On and before March 31, 2020, NAV was determined as of the end of each quarter. Beginning April 30, 2020, NAV was determined as of the end of each month. Effective for NAV determined on and after December 31, 2021, NAV has been determined as of the end of each quarter. NAV per share is calculated on a fully diluted basis. The table below illustrates the changes in NAV since inception: 
 Date NAV per share November 1, 2018 25.00 December 31, 2018 28.27 March 31, 2019 28.75 June 30, 2019 28.88 September 30, 2019 29.85 December 31, 2019 30.58 March 31, 2020 30.59 April 30, 2020 30.82 May 31, 2020 31.08 June 30, 2020 31.24 July 31, 2020 31.47 August 31, 2020 32.91 September 30, 2020 34.00 October 31, 2020 34.18 November 30, 2020 34.38 December 31, 2020 36.56 January 31, 2021 36.56 February 28, 2021 36.68 March 31, 2021 36.82 April 30, 2021 37.85 May 31, 2021 38.68 June 30, 2021 40.82 July 31, 2021 43.76 August 31, 2021 46.19 September 30, 2021 47.90 October 31, 2021 49.09 November 30, 2021 51.38 December 31, 2021 54.14 March 31, 2022 59.85 June 30, 2022 62.75 September 30, 2022 62.97 December 31, 2022 63.04 March 31, 2023 61.32 June 30, 3023 61.63 September 30, 2023 60.23 December 31, 2023 58.95 March 31, 2024 57.99 June 30, 2024 57.57 September 30, 2024 55.45 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for debt maturities, operating expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our homes, including: 
 recurring maintenance necessary to maintain our homes; 
 interest expense and scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness; 
 distributions necessary to qualify for taxation as a REIT; 
 advisory fees payable to our Adviser; 
 general and administrative expenses; 
 capital expenditures related to upcoming acquisitions and rehabilitation of owned homes; and 
 offering expenses related to raising equity. 
 We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements generally through net cash provided by operations, existing cash balances and debt financing. Our JPM Facility has an additional 252.4 million of capacity as of September 30, 2024. 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for the scheduled debt payments and distributions, to fund renovations and fund other capital expenditures to improve our homes. Each reporting period, management evaluates the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with ASC 205-40, Going Concern , by evaluating conditions and events, including assessing the liquidity needs to meet obligations as they become due within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The Company has significant debt obligations coming due on the Warehouse Facility, JPM Facility and NexPoint Homes KeyBank Facility within 12 months of the issuance of the financial statements and does not have sufficient liquidity as of the issuance date to satisfy these obligations. In order to satisfy obligations as they mature, management intends to evaluate its options and may seek to: (i) make partial loan pay downs, (ii) utilize extension options contractually available under existing debt instruments, (iii) refinance certain debt instruments, (iv) obtain additional capital through equity and/or debt financings, (v) sell homes from its portfolio and pay down debt balances with the net sale proceeds, (vi) modify operations, (vii) may negotiate a turnover of secured properties back to the related lender and (viii) employ some combination of (i) - (vii). Additionally, the Company closed on an asset backed securitization ABS on February 29, 2024 ABS II that provided for a 5-year, fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of 403.7 million. The Company used the net proceeds from the ABS II to pay down 242.4 million on the JPM Facility and fund reserves in accordance with the credit agreement. Additionally, the Company closed on the MetLife Term Loan I Facilities on August 22, 2024, that provided for a 5-year, fixed rate interest loan with a total principal balance of 343.2 million. The Company used 282.0 million of proceeds from to pay down a portion of the outstanding amounts under the Warehouse Facility. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company sold 23 homes for net proceeds of approximately 2.6 million in the VineBrook Portfolio. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company sold 19 homes for net proceeds of approximately 4.4 million in the NexPoint Homes Portfolio. Additionally, the Company intends to continue to dispose of homes to generate proceeds for debt pay downs and other uses. The Company plans to sell approximately 200 to 400 homes over the next twelve months to generate proceeds of approximately 20.0 million to 40.0 million in the VineBrook reportable segment. The Company plans to sell approximately 300 to 400 homes over the next twelve months to generate proceeds of approximately 72.5 million to 100.0 million in the NexPoint Homes reportable segment. If rates remain at a level that would be accretive to the Company, management plans to use ABS transactions, term loans and other refinancings of debt in the future to generate proceeds that would most likely be used to further pay down the Warehouse Facility and other debt. The Company s ability to meet its debt obligations as they come due is dependent upon its ability to meet debt covenants, which it currently projects to do, in order to extend existing obligations, its ability to refinance debt and its ability to sell homes from its portfolio to pay down the balances. The sale of homes from the Portfolio could cause a decrease in net operating income but is expected to be offset by the interest savings from the pay downs. The Company notes that debt markets remain robust and liquid as evidenced by recent debt issuances. Given the Company s historical ability to refinance debt, as well as the previously noted robust debt market, the Company expects to be able to refinance debt as necessary to meet its debt obligations going forward. 
 In addition, the Company has debt coming due beyond twelve months from the date of these financial statements, including the Warehouse Facility that the Company expects will be due on November 3, 2025 after exercising the remaining six-month extension option. On November 1, 2024, the Company utilized the first six-month extension option on the Warehouse Facility which extended the maturity date of the Warehouse Facility to May 3, 2025. If the Warehouse 
 Facility is not paid off by May 2025, the Company plans to utilize the remaining contractual six-month extension option available under the Warehouse Facility. To extend, there can be no default or event of default, the Company must be in compliance with all covenant requirements and needs to pay an extension fee of 0.1 of the maximum outstanding commitment at that time. The Company is currently in compliance with the requirements under the Warehouse Facility and management expects to be in compliance with financial covenants at the time of extension after implementing the plans noted above and therefore plans to be able to extend the Warehouse Facility in May 2025 to November 2025 if necessary. The Company does not currently have sufficient liquidity to pay down the obligations on the Warehouse Facility and intends to refinance the Warehouse Facility primarily using debt or equity financing before it comes due. Given its historical ability to refinance debt, the Company expects to be able to refinance the debt as necessary. Management believes these plans by the Company will be sufficient to satisfy the obligations as they become due. The financial statements included in this Form 10-Q have been prepared by management in accordance with GAAP and this basis assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The financial statements included in this Form 10-Q do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 There are a number of factors that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to access these capital sources, including the state of overall equity and credit markets, our degree of leverage, our unencumbered asset base and borrowing restrictions imposed by lenders (including as a result of any failure to comply with financial covenants in our existing and future indebtedness), general market conditions for REITs, our operating performance and liquidity, market perceptions about us and restrictions on sales of properties under the Code. The success of our business strategy will depend, in part, on our ability to access these various capital sources. 
 Our homes will require periodic capital expenditures and renovation to remain competitive. Also, acquisitions of new homes will require significant capital outlays. Long-term, we may not be able to fund such capital improvements solely from net cash provided by operations because we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deductions for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT, and we are subject to tax on any retained income and gains. As a result, our ability to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions through retained earnings long-term is limited. Consequently, we expect to rely heavily upon the availability of debt or equity capital for these purposes. If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital on favorable terms, or at all, our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We believe that our available cash, expected operating cash flows, net proceeds from the sale of homes and potential debt or equity financings will provide sufficient funds for our operations, anticipated scheduled debt service payments and dividend requirements for the twelve-month period following the issuance of these financials, except as would not be expected to have a material adverse effect. We believe that the various sources of long-term capital, which may include public or private issuances of common equity, preferred equity or debt, draws on our revolving credit facilities, existing working capital, net cash provided by operations, long-term mortgage indebtedness and other secured and unsecured borrowings will provide sufficient funds for our operations, anticipated scheduled debt service payments and dividend requirements in the long-term, except as would not be expected to have a material adverse effect. 
 Cash Flows 
 The nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents selected data from our consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 15,483 16,993 (1,510) Net cash provided by investing activities 67,948 46,377 21,571 Net cash used in financing activities (72,458) (92,393) 19,935 Change in cash and restricted cash 10,973 (29,023) 39,996 Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period 85,620 114,749 (29,129) Cash and restricted cash, end of period 96,593 85,726 10,867 
 Cash flows from operating activities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 15.5 million compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows from operating activities was mainly due to a decrease in loss on sales and impairment of real estate and a decrease in loss on forfeited deposits, partially offset by an increase non-cash interest expense and an increase in net operating income during the period. 
 Cash flows from investing activities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by investing activities was 67.9 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 46.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows from investing activities was mainly due to decreases in acquisitions of real estate investments and additions to real estate investments and an increase in net proceeds from sales of real estate. 
 Cash flows from financing activities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 72.5 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of 92.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows from financing activities was mainly due to a decrease in credit facilities proceeds received and an increase in credit facilities principal payments made, partially offset by the decrease in redemptions paid on Common Stock and the issuance of the ABS II Loan. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Debt, Derivatives and Hedging Activity 
 Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, the VineBrook reportable segment had aggregate debt outstanding to third parties of approximately 2.0 billion at a weighted average interest rate of 5.6454 and an adjusted weighted average interest rate of 3.7761 . For purposes of calculating the adjusted weighted average interest rate of our debt outstanding, we have included the weighted average fixed rate of 2.2637 , representing a weighted average fixed rate for Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which replaced one-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR on July 1, 2023, for the applicable interest period one-month term SOFR ), daily SOFR and daily SOFR plus 0.1145 , on our combined 1.4 billion notional amount of interest rate swap agreements and interest rate cap agreement, which effectively fixes the interest rate on 1.4 billion of our floating rate debt. See Notes 5 and 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our mortgage loan indebtedness for the VineBrook reportable segment as of September 30, 2024: 
 Type Outstanding Principal as of September 30, 2024 Interest Rate (1) Maturity Initial Mortgage Floating 226,728 6.83 12/1/2025 Warehouse Facility Floating 462,222 7.50 5/3/2025 (2) JPM Facility Floating 97,567 7.81 1/31/2025 (3) ABS I Loan Fixed 390,248 4.92 12/8/2028 ABS II Loan Fixed 402,593 4.65 3/9/2029 MetLife Note Fixed 105,925 3.25 1/31/2026 TrueLane Mortgage Fixed 8,248 5.35 2/1/2028 Crestcore II Note Fixed 2,587 5.12 7/9/2029 Crestcore IV Note Fixed 2,404 5.12 7/9/2029 PNC Loan I Fixed 3.59 2/19/2024 (4) PNC Loan II Fixed 3.70 12/29/2024 (4) PNC Loan III Fixed 3.69 12/15/2025 (4) Total Outstanding Principal 2,041,726 (1) Represents the interest rate as of September 30, 2024. Except for fixed rate debt, the interest rate is 30-day average SOFR, daily SOFR or one-month term SOFR, plus an applicable margin. The 30-day average SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was 5.1633 , daily SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was 4.9600 and one-month term SOFR as of September 30, 2024 was 4.8457 . 
 (2) The initial maturity for the Warehouse Facility prior to extension options was November 3, 2024. To extend the Warehouse Facility, the Company cannot be in default, must meet certain financial covenants and needs to pay a fee of 0.1 of the maximum revolving commitment at that time. The Company exercised its first extension option to extend the Warehouse Facility maturity date to May 3, 2025 on November 1, 2024. The maturity date after the second extension is November 3, 2025. 
 (3) This is the initial maturity date for the JPM Facility. The JPM Facility has a 12-month extension option subject to approval from the lender. 
 (4) The PNC Loan I was paid off in full in February 2024. The PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III were paid off in full in April 2024. 
 
 In addition to the mortgage loan indebtedness for the VineBrook reportable segment presented above and described below, the NexPoint Homes reportable segment had 532.3 million of debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 (excluding amounts owed to the OP by NexPoint Homes, as these are eliminated in consolidation). See Notes 5 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Warehouse Facility 
 On September 20, 2019, the OP (as guarantor) and VB One, LLC (as borrower) entered into a credit facility (the Warehouse Facility with KeyBank, N.A. KeyBank ). The Warehouse Facility is secured by an equity pledge in certain assets of VB One, LLC and an equity pledge in the equity of VB One, LLC. On November 3, 2021, the Company (as guarantor), the OP (as parent borrower), and each of (i) VB OP Holdings, LLC and (ii) VB One, LLC and certain of its subsidiaries (as subsidiary borrowers), entered into an amended and restated credit agreement to recast the Warehouse Facility, which was subsequently amended on December 9, 2021, April 8, 2022, May 20, 2022, September 13, 2022 and October 25, 2022, July 31, 2023 and August 14, 2024. On August 14, 2024, the Company entered into a Consent and Seventh Amendment to the Warehouse Facility (the Warehouse Seventh Amendment with KeyBank, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto. The Warehouse Seventh Amendment, among other things, provided for (1) a reduction in the maximum commitment of the Warehouse Facility; (2) reduced unused facility fees; (3) modifications and additions of certain covenants, including adjusting the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio to not less than 1.40 to 1.0, effective as of January 1, 2024; (4) in connection with sales of assets to unaffiliated third parties, the prepayment of the commitment amount with 100 of such proceeds until the commitment under the Warehouse Facility is reduced to 475.0 million and with 75 of such proceeds thereafter; provided that certain additional amounts may be required to be prepaid if the outstanding principal balance would exceed the value of the assets in the borrowing base following such sale; (5) the reduction of the outstanding principal balance to be no more than 475.0 million by October 31, 2024 (the Commitment Reduction ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid down approximately 362.2 million on the Warehouse Facility. All repayments under the Warehouse Facility will permanently reduce the commitment amount under the Warehouse Facility and may not be reborrowed. The outstanding balance on the Warehouse Facility as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 462.2 million, which is below the required Commitment Reduction. 
 JPM Facility 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into a non-recourse carveout guaranty and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of VB Three, LLC (as borrowers) entered into a 500.0 million credit agreement with JP Morgan (the JPM Facility ). The JPM Facility is secured by equity pledges in VB Three, LLC and its wholly owned subsidiaries and bears interest at a variable rate equal to one-month LIBOR plus 2.75 . The JPM Facility is interest-only and originally matured and was due in full on March 1, 2023. On March 10, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the JPM Facility, wherein each advance under the JPM Facility will bear interest at daily SOFR plus 2.85 . The balance of the JPM Facility, net of unamortized deferred financing costs, is included in credit facilities on the consolidated balance sheets. On January 31, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the JPM Facility, wherein the total facility amount was updated to 350.0 million, and the maturity date was extended to January 31, 2025, which may be extended for 12 months upon submission of an extension request, subject to approval. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the JPM Facility to give the Company credit for pledging an interest rate cap by reducing the interest reserve requirements under the JPM Facility based on the capped rate. On December 21, 2023, the Company drew an additional 21.4 million on the JPM Facility of which the draw proceeds, along with cash on hand, were used to pay off the Bridge Facility III in full. As of September 30, 2024, the JPM Facility had 252.4 million in available capacity. The balance of the JPM Facility, net of unamortized deferred financing costs, is included in credit facilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Bridge Facility III 
 On December 28, 2022, the Company entered into a bridge credit agreement through the OP with Raymond James Bank, and subsequently borrowed 75.0 million (the Bridge Facility III ). The Bridge Facility III accrued interest at one-month term SOFR plus a margin of 3.0 . On December 21, 2023 the Company repaid the outstanding principal balance of the Bridge Facility III in full, which extinguished the Bridge Facility III. 
 Asset Backed Securitization I 
 On December 6, 2023, the OP completed a securitization transaction, in connection with which VineBrook Homes Borrower 1, LLC, an indirect special purpose subsidiary of the OP (the ABS I Borrower entered into a loan agreement (the ABS I Loan Agreement with Bank of America, National Association, as lender (the ABS I Lender ), providing for a 5-year, fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of approximately 392.2 million (the ABS I Loan ). Concurrent with the execution of the ABS I Loan Agreement, the ABS I Lender sold the ABS I Loan to VineBrook Homes Depositor A, LLC (the Depositor ), an indirect subsidiary of the OP, which, in turn, transferred the ABS I Loan to a trust in exchange for (i) 178.4 million principal amount of Class A pass-through certificates (the Class A Certificates ), (ii) 38.6 million principal amount of Class B pass-through certificates (the Class B Certificates ), (iii) 30.8 million principal amount of Class C pass-through certificates (the Class C Certificates ), (iv) 43.0 million principal amount of Class D pass-through certificates (the Class D Certificates ), (v) 50.1 million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the Class E1 Certificates ), (vi) 12.2 million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the Class E2 Certificates, and collectively with the Class A Certificates, Class B Certificates, Class C Certificates, Class D Certificates and Class E1 Certificates, the Regular Certificates ), and (vii) Class R pass-through certificates (the Class R Certificates, and together with the Regular Certificates, the Certificates ). The Certificates represent beneficial ownership interests in the trust and its assets, including the ABS I Loan. The Depositor sold the Certificates, acquired by the Depositor in the manner described above, to placement agents who resold the Certificates to investors in a private offering. The Regular Certificates are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are exempted securities under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. To satisfy applicable risk retention rules, the OP purchased and retained the Class F Certificates totaling 39.1 million. The Depositor used the proceeds from the sale of the Certificates to purchase the ABS I Loan from the ABS I Lender, as described above. The Regular Certificates were sold to investors at a discount and the OP retained the Class F Certificate (as described above), with the result that the proceeds, before closing costs, from the ABS I Loan to the ABS I Borrower were approximately 314.0 million. The net proceeds of 300.6 million were used to partially pay down the Warehouse Facility. The balance of the ABS I Loan, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and debt discount, is included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The ABS I Loan is collateralized by 2,776 SFR homes, and as of September 30, 2024, approximately 11.86 of the Portfolio served as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the ABS I Loan. The ABS I Loan, is segregated into six tranches, all of which accrue interest at 4.9235 and have a maturity date of December 8, 2028. 
 Asset Backed Securitization II 
 On February 29, 2024, the OP, via its indirect special purpose subsidiary, VineBrook Homes Borrower 2, LLC (the ABS II Borrower ), completed an asset backed securitization ABS II and entered into a loan agreement (the ABS II Loan Agreement with BofA Securities, Inc., as sole structuring agent, joint bookrunner and co-lead manager, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, as joint bookrunner and co-lead manager and Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc., and Truist Securities, Inc., as co-managers (the ABS II Loan ). 
 Concurrent with the execution of the ABS II Loan Agreement, the lender sold the ABS II Loan to the Depositor, an indirect subsidiary of the OP, which, in turn, transferred the loan to a trust in exchange for (i) 176.9 million principal amount of Class A pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class A Certificates ), (ii) 38.6 million principal amount of Class B pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class B Certificates ), (iii) 30.6 million principal amount of Class C pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class C Certificates ), (iv) 42.9 million principal amount of Class D pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class D Certificates ), (v) 63.5 million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class E1 Certificates ), (vi) 11.2 million principal amount of Class E pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class E2 Certificates, and collectively with the ABS II Class A Certificates, ABS II Class B Certificates, ABS II Class C Certificates, ABS II Class D Certificates and ABS II Class E1 Certificates, the ABS II Regular Certificates ), and (vii) Class R pass-through certificates (the ABS II Class R Certificates, and together with the ABS II Regular Certificates, the ABS II Certificates ). The Company also retained 19.5 million notional amount of the ABS II Class A, 10.5 million notional amount of the ABS II Class B, and 2.0 million notional amount of the ABS II Class C certificates. The ABS II Certificates represent beneficial ownership interests in the trust and its assets, including the ABS II Loan. 
 The Depositor sold the ABS II Certificates, acquired by the Depositor in the manner described above, to placement agents who resold the Certificates to investors in a private offering. The ABS II Regular Certificates are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are exempted securities under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. To satisfy applicable risk retention rules, the OP purchased and retained the Class F component, totaling 39.9 million. Additionally, the OP purchased and retained a portion of the ABS II Class A, Class B and Class C components, totaling 19.5 million, 10.5 million and 2.0 million, respectively. The Company evaluated the purchased ABS II Class A, Class B, Class C and Class F certificates as a variable interest in the trust and concluded that the ABS II Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class F certificates will not absorb a majority of the trust s expected losses or receive a majority of the trust s expected residual returns. The Company also concluded that the ABS II Class A, Class B, Class C and Class F certificates do not provide the Company with an ability to direct activities that could impact the trust s economic performance. The Company does not consolidate the trust and the 71.9 million of the ABS II Certificates are reflected as asset-backed securitization certificates on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Depositor used the proceeds from the sale of the ABS II Certificates to purchase the ABS II Loan from the lender, as described above. The ABS II Regular Certificates were sold to investors at a discount and the OP retained the entire Class F certificate (as described above), with the result that the proceeds, before closing costs, from the ABS II Loan to the ABS II Borrower were approximately 331.8 million. A portion of the net proceeds from the ABS II were used to pay down 242.4 million on the JPM Facility and fund reserves per the credit agreement. 
 The balance of the ABS II Loan, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and debt discount, is included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The ABS II Loan is collateralized by 2,459 SFR homes, and as of September 30, 2024, approximately 10.55 of the Portfolio served as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the ABS II Loan. The ABS II Loan, is segregated into seven tranches, (Components A through F), providing for a 5-year, fixed-rate, interest-only loan with a total principal balance of 403.7 million. The weighted average interest rate of the ABS II Regular Certificates (Class A through E2) is 4.6495 and have a maturity date of March 9, 2029. 
 PNC Loans 
 Following the Internalization of the Manager, the Company, through the OP, assumed three PNC equipment loans PNC Loan I , PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III ), which bear interest at fixed rates of 3.59 , 3.70 and 3.69 , respectively. PNC Loan I, PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III matured on February 19, 2024, and will mature on December 29, 2024 and December 15, 2025, respectively, and require monthly principal and interest payments. The PNC Loan I was paid off in full in February 2024. The PNC Loan II and PNC Loan III were paid off in full in April 2024. The balances of these loans are included in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 Refinancing of Capital 
 We intend to invest in additional homes as suitable opportunities arise and adequate sources of equity and debt financing are available. We expect that future investments in properties, including any improvements or renovations of current or newly acquired properties, will depend on and will be financed by, in whole or in part, our existing cash, future borrowings and the proceeds from additional issuances of shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or other securities or property dispositions. 
 Although we expect to be subject to restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness, we expect that we will be able to refinance existing indebtedness or incur additional indebtedness for acquisitions or other purposes, if needed. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness, incur additional indebtedness or access additional sources of capital, such as by issuing Common Stock, Preferred Stock or other debt or equity securities, on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. 
 Furthermore, following the completion of our renovations and depending on the interest rate environment at the applicable time, we may seek to refinance our floating rate debt into longer-term fixed rate debt at lower leverage levels. 
 Interest Rate Derivative Agreements 
 We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into interest rate swap and cap agreements with various third parties to fix or cap the floating interest rates on a majority of our floating rate mortgage debt outstanding. The interest rate swap agreements generally have a term of approximately three to six years and effectively establish a fixed interest rate on debt on the underlying notional amounts. In order to fix a portion of, and mitigate the risk associated with, our floating rate indebtedness (without incurring substantial prepayment penalties or defeasance costs typically associated with fixed rate indebtedness when repaid early or refinanced), we, through the OP, have entered into 12 interest rate swap transactions with KeyBank and Mizuho Capital Markets LLC Mizuho with a combined notional amount of 1.1 billion. As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate swaps we have entered into effectively replace the floating interest rate (daily SOFR) with respect to 1.1 billion of our floating rate mortgage debt outstanding with a weighted average fixed rate of 2.4682 . As of September 30, 2024, interest rate swap agreements effectively covered 1.1 billion, or 180.5 , of our 0.8 billion of floating rate debt outstanding for the VineBrook reportable segment. During the term of these interest rate swap agreements, we are required to make monthly fixed rate payments of 2.4682 , on a weighted average basis, on the notional amounts, while KeyBank and Mizuho are obligated to make monthly floating rate payments based on daily SOFR to us referencing the same notional amounts. For purposes of hedge accounting under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, we have designated some of these interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. See Notes 5 and 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 On April 13, 2022, we paid a premium of approximately 12.7 million and entered into an interest rate cap transaction with Goldman Sachs Bank USA with a notional amount of 300.0 million. The interest rate cap effectively caps one-month term SOFR on 300.0 million of our floating rate debt at 1.50 . The interest rate cap expires on November 1, 2025. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 REIT Tax Election and Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and expect to continue to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, as defined by the Code, to our stockholders. Taxable income from certain non-REIT activities is managed through a TRS and is subject to applicable U.S. federal, state, and local income and margin taxes. We had no significant taxes associated with our TRS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We believe we qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code, and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner, but no assurance can be given that we will operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT. NexPoint Homes elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, beginning with the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We anticipate that we will continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we intend to continue to be organized and to operate in a manner that will permit us to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (1) 85 of our ordinary income, (2) 95 of our capital gain net income and (3) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing taxable income. Any resulting corporate liability could be substantial and could materially and adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. 
 We evaluate the accounting and disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing our tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not (greater than 50 of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Our management is required to analyze all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which include federal and certain states. We have no examinations in progress and none are expected at this time. 
 We recognize our tax positions and evaluate them using a two-step process. First, we determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Second, we will determine the amount of benefit to recognize and record the amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 We had no material unrecognized tax benefit or expense, accrued interest or penalties as of September 30, 2024. We and our subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of various state and local jurisdictions. The 2023, 2022 and 2021 tax years remain open to examination by tax jurisdictions to which our subsidiaries and we are subject. When applicable, we recognize interest and/or penalties related to uncertain tax positions on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends 
 We intend to make regular quarterly dividend payments to holders of our Common Stock. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. As a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (1) 85 of our ordinary income, (2) 95 of our capital gain net income and (3) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. We intend to make regular quarterly dividend payments of all or substantially all of our taxable income to holders of our Common Stock out of assets legally available for this purpose, if and to the extent authorized by our Board. Before we make any dividend payments, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on our debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our taxable income, we could be required to sell assets, borrow funds or raise additional capital to make cash dividends or we may make a portion of the required dividend in the form of a taxable distribution of stock or debt securities. 
 We will make dividend payments based on our estimate of taxable earnings per share of Common Stock, but not earnings calculated pursuant to GAAP. Our dividends and taxable income and GAAP earnings will typically differ due to items such as depreciation and amortization, fair value adjustments, differences in premium amortization and discount accretion, and non-deductible general and administrative expenses. Our dividends per share may be substantially different than our taxable earnings and GAAP earnings per share. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation 
 The real estate market has not been affected significantly by inflation in the past several years due to increases in rents nationwide. The majority of our lease terms are for a period of one year or less and reset to market if renewed. The majority of our leases also contain protection provisions applicable to reimbursement billings for utilities. Due to the short-term nature of our leases, we do not believe our results will be materially affected. 
 Inflation may also affect the overall cost of debt, as the implied cost of capital increases. The Federal Reserve, in response to or in anticipation of continued inflation concerns, could continue to raise interest rates. We intend to mitigate these risks through long-term fixed interest rate loans and interest rate derivatives, which to date have included interest rate cap and interest rate swap agreements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 We believe that our business and related operating results will be impacted by seasonal factors throughout the year. We experience higher levels of resident move-outs and move-ins during the late spring and summer months, which impacts both our rental revenues and related turnover costs. Furthermore, our property operating costs are seasonally impacted in certain markets for expenses such as repairs to heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems, turn costs and landscaping expenses during the summer season. Additionally, our SFR properties are at greater risk in certain markets for adverse weather conditions such as extreme cold weather in winter months and hurricanes in late summer months. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate these judgments, assumptions and estimates for changes that would affect the reported amounts. These estimates are based on management s historical industry experience and on various other judgments and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these judgments, assumptions and estimates. Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that we consider critical to understanding our financial condition or results of operations where there is uncertainty or where significant judgment is required. A discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Real Estate Investments 
 Upon acquisition, we evaluate our acquired SFR properties for purposes of determining whether a transaction should be accounted for as an asset acquisition or business combination. Since substantially all of the fair value of our acquired properties is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and the acquisitions do not include a substantive process, our purchases of homes or portfolios of homes qualify as asset acquisitions. Accordingly, upon acquisition of a property, the purchase price and related acquisition costs (the Total Consideration are allocated to land, buildings, improvements, fixtures, and intangible lease assets based upon their relative fair values. 
 The allocation of Total Consideration, which is determined using inputs that are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy established by FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 (see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements), is based on an independent third-party valuation firm s estimate of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired, or management's internal analysis based on market knowledge obtained from historical transactions. The valuation methodology utilizes market comparable information, depreciated replacement cost and other estimates in allocating value to the tangible assets. The allocation of the Total Consideration to intangible lease assets represents the value associated with the in-place leases, as one month s worth of effective gross income (rental revenue, less credit loss allowance, plus other income) as the average downtime of the assets in the portfolio is approximately one month and the assets in the portfolio are leased on a gross rental structure. If any debt is assumed in an acquisition, the difference between the fair value, which is estimated using inputs that are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, and the face value of debt is recorded as a premium or discount and amortized or accreted as interest expense over the life of the debt assumed. 
 The allocation of Total Consideration to the various components of properties acquired during the year can have an effect on our net income/(loss) due to the useful depreciable and amortizable lives applicable to each component and the recognition of the related depreciation and amortization expense. For example, if a greater portion of the Total Consideration is allocated to land, which does not depreciate, our net income would be higher. Typically, we allocate between 10 to 30 of the Total Consideration to land. 
 Real estate assets, including land, buildings, improvements, fixtures, and intangible lease assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Costs incurred in making repairs and maintaining real estate assets are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for improvements, renovations, and replacements are capitalized at cost. The Company also incurs costs to prepare acquired properties for rental. These costs are capitalized to the cost of the property during the period the property is undergoing activities to prepare it for its intended use. We capitalize interest costs as a cost of the property only during the period for which activities necessary to prepare an asset for its intended use are ongoing, provided that expenditures for the asset have been made and interest costs have been incurred. Upon completion of the renovation of our properties, all costs of operations, including repairs and maintenance, are expensed as incurred, unless the renovation meets the Company s capitalization criteria. 
 Impairment 
 Real estate assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Significant indicators of impairment may include, but are not limited to, declines in home values, rental rates or occupancy percentages, as well as significant changes in the economy. In such cases, the Company will evaluate the recoverability of the assets by comparing the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of each asset to its carrying amount and provide for impairment if such undiscounted cash flows are insufficient to recover the carrying amount. If impaired, the real estate asset will be written down to its estimated fair value. The process whereby we assess our SFR homes for impairment requires significant judgment and assessment of factors that are, at times, subject to significant uncertainty. No significant impairments on operating properties were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Implications of being an Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 The JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to take advantage of this extended transition period. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates for such new or revised standards. We may elect to comply with public company effective dates at any time, and such election would be irrevocable pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act. 
 We could remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of shares of our Common Stock pursuant to an effective registration statement, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion, (3) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which would occur if the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (4) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our future income, cash flows, and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the adverse effect on the value of assets and liabilities from changes in interest rates, market prices, commodity prices, and inflation. The primary market risk to which we are exposed is interest rate risk. We may in the future use derivative financial instruments to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to any borrowings we may have. We may enter into such contracts only with major financial institutions based on their credit ratings and other factors. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 A primary market risk to which we believe we are exposed is interest rate risk, which may result from many factors, including government monetary and tax policies, unfavorable global and United States economic conditions (including inflation and interest rates), geopolitical tensions, and other factors that are beyond our control. We may incur additional variable rate debt in the future, including additional amounts that we may borrow under the JPM Facility. In addition, decreases in interest rates may lead to additional competition for the acquisition of single-family homes, which may lead to future acquisitions being more costly and resulting in lower yields on single-family homes targeted for acquisition. Significant increases in interest rates may also have an adverse impact on our earnings if we are unable to increase rents on expired leases or acquire single-family homes with rental rates high enough to offset the increase in interest rates on our borrowings. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total indebtedness of 2.6 billion which was comprised of 0.8 billion of outstanding variable-rate debt. Our variable-rate debt was comprised of borrowings on our mortgage loans of 226.7 million and term loan facilities of 576.7 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had effectively converted 176.7 of these borrowings to a fixed rate through interest rate swap and interest rate cap agreements. Our variable-rate borrowings bear interest at the 30-day average SOFR, daily SOFR or one-month term SOFR plus the applicable spread. Assuming no change in the outstanding balance of our existing debt, the projected effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the 30-day average SOFR, daily SOFR or one-month term SOFR, collectively, on our annual interest expense would be an estimated increase or decrease of less than 0.1 million. This estimate considers the impact of our interest rate swap agreements and interest rate cap agreements 
 This analysis does not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, we may consider taking actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, because of the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no changes in our capital structure. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, including our President and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of September 30, 2024, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our President and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 We believe, however, that a controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls systems are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by government agencies. (see Note 11). 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Sales of Common Stock 
 The following table presents information regarding the DRIP that have not been previously disclosed in Current Reports on Form 8-K (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts). 
 Common Stock DRIP Date Shares Reinvested Sale Price (1) Gross Contribution (2) July 25, 2024 103,472 56.25 5,820 (1) Shares of Common Stock issued under DRIP are generally issued at a 3 discount to the Company s then-current NAV. 
 (2) For Common Stock issued under the DRIP, we do not receive any cash proceeds from the transaction as the shareholder receives shares in lieu of the cash dividend. Refer to Note 7 for further discussion. 
 
 No underwriting discount or commission is applicable to sales pursuant to the DRIP. 
 The Company issued the Common Stock noted above to accredited investors in reliance upon the exemptions from registration under the Securities Act Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan 
 
 On April 27, 2023 the Company publicly announced an amended and restated share repurchase plan (the Amended Share Repurchase Plan ). The Amended Share Repurchase Plan superseded and replaced the Company s share repurchase plan that began on November 1, 2019 (the Prior Share Repurchase Plan ). The Amended Share Repurchase Plan is substantially similar to the Prior Share Repurchase Plan, but (i) clarifies that to have Common Stock repurchased, the repurchase request and required documentation must be received by the last business day of the first month of such quarter, (ii) clarifies that repurchase requests not delivered timely on the last business day of the first month of a quarter will not be executed and must be resubmitted after the start of the next quarter and (iii) removes references to the Private Offering that was terminated on September 14, 2022 and a fee on early repurchases that fell away on November 1, 2020. 
 
 Under the Amended Share Repurchase Plan, investors may request on a quarterly basis that the Company repurchase all or a portion of their Common Stock. Under the Amended Share Repurchase Plan, Shares will be repurchased at the then-current NAV per share in effect. The total amount of aggregate repurchases of Shares is limited to no more than 5 of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any Common Stock under the Amended Share Repurchase Plan and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the Common Stock that have been asked to be repurchased in any particular quarter, in the sole discretion of the Board. The Board determined to suspend share repurchases from July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Notwithstanding any suspension of the Amended Share Repurchase Plan, the Board may permit the repurchase of Common Stock held by a stockholder who has died, is deemed to have a qualified disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code) or similar extenuating hardship circumstances, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Amended Share Repurchase Plan. 

Under the Amended Share Repurchase Plan, investors may request that the Company repurchase all or a portion of their Common Stock by submitting a repurchase request and required documentation to our transfer agent by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the first month of any quarter. Settlements of share repurchases will be made in cash within three business days of the last calendar day of such quarter (a repurchase date ). An investor may withdraw his or her repurchase request by notifying the Company s transfer agent, directly or through his or her financial intermediary, on the Company s toll-free automated telephone customer service number by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the applicable repurchase date (or, if such repurchase date is not a business day, the prior business day). If a repurchase order is received after 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the first month of a quarter, the purchase order will not be executed and must be resubmitted after the start of the next quarter. 
 
 The table below contains information regarding the repurchases of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) July 1 - July 31 August 1 - August 31 September 1 - September 30 17,183 57.57 17,183 71,949 Total 17,183 57.57 17,183 71,949 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 10.1 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated August 14, 2024, by and among VineBrook Homes Operating Partnership, L.P. and certain subsidiaries, as borrowers, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, joined by VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. as guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2024). 
 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated August 22, 2024, by and among VB Nine, LLC, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, and the lenders party thereto, joined by VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. as guarantor. 
 10.3 Credit Agreement, dated August 22, 2024, by and among VB Ten, LLC, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, and the lenders party thereto, joined by VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. as guarantor. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1+ Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 + Furnished herewith. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ John Good November 1, 2024 John Good Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Paul Richards November 1, 2024 Paul Richards Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 40 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 metlife-vinebrookvbninexlo.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Vinebrook 2024-1 

LOAN AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of August 22, 2024 
 among 
 VB NINE, LLC, 
 as Borrower, 
 METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, as MLIC Lender, 
 and 
 METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, as MTLIC Lender 

DB1 149149761.5 

Schedules and Exhibits 
 Schedules 
 Schedule I - Reserved 
 Schedule II - Data Tape (including Allocated Loan Amounts) 
 Schedule IIA - Closing Date Properties Schedule 
 Schedule IIB - Monthly Properties Schedule 
 Schedule III - Reserved 
 Schedule IV - Exceptions to Representations and Warranties 
 Schedule V - Chief Executive Office, Prior Names, Employer Identification Number and Organizational Chart 
 Schedule VI - Reserved 
 Schedule VII - HOA Properties 
 Schedule VIII - Reserved Schedule IX - Reserved 
 Schedule X - Notice Addresses 
 
 Exhibits 
 Exhibit A - Insurance Requirements 
 Exhibit B - Form of Request for Release 
 Exhibit C - Definition of Special Purpose Entity 
 Exhibit D - Reserved 
 Exhibit E - Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit F - Reserved 
 Exhibit G - Form of Tenant Direction Letter 
 Exhibit H - Reserved 
 Exhibit I - Form of Data Tape 
 Exhibit J - Form of Lease 
 Exhibit K - Target Property Criteria 

i 
 DB1 149149761.5 

LOAN AGREEMENT 
 THIS LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of August 22, 2024 (this Agreement ), among METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a New York corporation MLIC Lender ), METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a Nebraska corporation MTLIC Lender and together with MLIC Lender, together with their respective successors and assigns, Lenders, and each, individually, together with its respective successors and assigns, Lender ), and VB NINE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and assigns, collectively, Borrower ). 
 Borrower desires to obtain the Loan (as hereinafter defined) from Lenders, and Lenders are willing to make the Loan to Borrower, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as hereinafter defined). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS PRINCIPLES OF CONSTRUCTION 
 Section 1.1. Specific Definitions . For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided 
 Acceptable Blanket Policy has the meaning given such term in Exhibit A. 
 Act has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Actual Rent Collections means, for any period of determination, actual cash collections of Rents in respect of the Properties to the extent such Rents relate to such period of determination, regardless of when actually collected. 
 Additional Insolvency Opinion means a non-consolidation opinion letter delivered in connection with the Loan subsequent to the Closing Date, in form and substance and from counsel reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders. 
 Advance Rent means any Rent that has been prepaid more than thirty (30) days in advance, as measured from the date of payment. 
 Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Advance Rent Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Advance Rent Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Affected Property has the meaning given such term in Section 2.4.2(iii). 
 Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that (i) owns or Controls, directly or indirectly, twenty percent (20 or more of all equity interests in such Person, and or (ii) is in Control of, is Controlled by or is under common ownership or Control with such Person, and or (iii) is a director or officer of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person, and or (iv) is the spouse, lineal descendent or parent of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person. 
 Aggregate Appraised Value means, as to all Eligible Properties, the sum of the Appraised Values for such Eligible Properties. 
 Aggregate Collateral Value means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Collateral Values for all Properties. 
 Agreement has the meaning given such term in the introductory paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
 Allocated Loan Amount means, as to any Property, an amount equal to (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance times a fraction, the numerator of which is the Collateral Value of such Property and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Collateral Value, in each case as such amount is set forth on Schedule II based on the Properties as of the Closing Date. 
 Alternate Reserve Account has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.10. 
 Annual Budget means the operating and capital budget for the Properties in the aggregate setting forth, on a month-by-month basis, in reasonable detail, each line item of Borrower s good faith estimate of anticipated Rents and other recurring income, Operating Expenses and Capital Expenditures for the applicable twelve (12) calendar month period. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given such term in Section 5.18. 
 Appraisal means a summary report completed within ninety (90) days of a Property s inclusion as an Eligible Property by any Approved Appraisal Provider, conforming in all respects with USPAP and FIRREA, providing such Approved Appraisal Provider s written opinion as to the as-is fair market value for a Property. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not include broker price opinions (BPOs, automated valuation models (AVMs), and other non-USPAP FIRREA compliant valuations. 
 Appraised Value means, with respect to any Property, the as-is U.S. Dollar value contained in an Appraisal regarding the fair market value of such Property accepted by Required Lenders, subject in any case to the terms of Section 2.1.2. 
 Approved Annual Budget has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.3. 
 2 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Approved Appraisal Providers means any Person which is either a state certified appraiser or a state licensed appraiser as such terms are defined in Part 323.1 of the FDIC rules and regulations regarding real estate appraisals promulgated under FIRREA from time to time, mutually acceptable to Borrower and Required Lenders. 
 Approved Extraordinary Operating Expense has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.4. 
 Approved Geographies means the approved geographies set forth on Exhibit K. 
 Assignment of Management Agreement means the Assignment of Management Agreement and Subordination of Management Fees among Borrower, Existing Manager and Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Available Cash has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.1(n). 
 Award means any compensation paid by any Governmental Authority in connection with a Condemnation in respect to all or any part of a Property. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq., as the same may be amended from time to time, and any successor statute or statutes and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder, and any comparable foreign laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or creditors rights or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law. 
 Borrower has the meaning given such term in the introductory paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
 Borrower Security Agreement means that certain Borrower Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Borrower in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday on which national banks are not open for general business in (i) the State of New York, (ii) the state where the servicing offices of the Servicer are located, (iii) the state where the offices of Manager are located, or (iv) the state in which the corporate trust office of Collateral Agent from which the Loan Documents are being administered is located. 
 Calculation Date means the last day of each calendar quarter. 
 Capital Expenditures means, for any period, amounts expended for repairs, replacements and alterations to any Property and required to be capitalized according to GAAP. 
 Capital Expenditures Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.4. 
 3 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Capital Expenditures Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.4. 
 Capital Expenditures Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.4. 
 Cash Collateral Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.7. 
 Cash Collateral Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.7. 
 Cash Management Account means an Eligible Account at the Cash Management Account Bank established pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement. 
 Cash Management Account Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, or any other Eligible Institution selected by Required Lenders. 
 Cash Management Agreement means that certain Cash Management Agreement to be entered into among Borrower, Lenders and Cash Management Account Bank in relation to the Cash Management Account, the Rent Deposit Account and the Operating Account, in form and substance acceptable to Required Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Casualty has the meaning given such term in Section 6.2. 
 Casualty and Condemnation Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Casualty and Condemnation Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Casualty Prepayment Amount has the meaning given such term in Section 6.4(c). 
 Cause has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Change of Control means (i) with respect to Borrower, any change in the management and control of Borrower such that Borrower is no longer Controlled by Parent, (ii) with respect to Borrower, any change in the management and control of Borrower such that Borrower is no longer a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Equity Owner, or (iii) with respect to the Equity Owner, any change in the management and control of the Equity Owner such that the Equity Owner is no longer Controlled by Parent or a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 
 Closing Date means August 22, 2024. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as it may be further amended from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, and applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued pursuant thereto in temporary or final form. 
 4 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Collateral means, collectively, all of the real, personal and mixed property in which Liens are purported to be granted in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, pursuant to the Collateral Documents as security for the Obligations. 
 Collateral Agency Agreement means that certain Collateral Agency Agreement dated as of the Closing Date by and among Collateral Agent, Borrower, Equity Owner and Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Collateral Agent means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, and any successor Collateral Agent approved by Required Lenders. 
 Collateral Documents means collectively, the Borrower Security Agreement, the Equity Owner Security Agreement, the Rent Deposit Account Control Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, each Assignment of Management Agreement, each Mortgage, and all other instruments, documents and agreements delivered by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in order to grant to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, a Lien on any real, personal or mixed property of a Loan Party as security for the Obligations. 
 Collateral Value means, as to any Stabilized Property, seventy-two percent (72 times the Appraised Value of such Property provided that the Collateral Value of any Property which is a Disqualified Property shall be zero. 
 Collections means, with respect to any Property, all Rents, Insurance Proceeds, Awards, Transfer Proceeds, interest on amounts on deposit in the Cash Management Account and the Reserve Funds, amounts paid by Borrower to the Cash Management Account pursuant to this Agreement, and all other payments received with respect to such Property and all proceeds (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) of such Property. For the avoidance of doubt, Collections shall not include security deposits that have not been forfeited by the applicable Tenant. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E. 
 Concentration Limits means, the property criteria set forth in the definition of Eligible Property. 
 Condemnation means a temporary or permanent taking by any Governmental Authority in the exercise of the right of condemnation or eminent domain, of all or any part of a Property, or any interest therein or right accruing thereto, including any right of access thereto. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlled and Controlling shall have correlative meanings. 
 Custodian means Collateral Agent or any custodian engaged by Lenders with respect to the Collateral and or the Notes. 
 5 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Data Tape means a schedule of all Properties, with current information for each Property for each category of information shown on Exhibit I. 
 Debt means the Outstanding Principal Balance together with all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other sums (including expense reimbursements, indemnification obligations and Yield Maintenance Premium, if applicable) due from time to time in respect of the Loan under any Loan Document. 
 Debt Service means, with respect to any particular period of determination, Monthly Debt Service Payments applicable to such period. 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, a ratio of (i) Underwritten Net Cash Flow for all Properties to (ii) actual Debt Service for the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of determination provided that for any date of determination prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, such amount shall be deemed to be the Monthly Debt Service Payment as of such date of determination multiplied by twelve (12). 
 Default means the occurrence of any event under any Loan Document which, but for the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Legal Rate or (ii) four percent (4.0 above the pre-default Interest Rate. 
 Deficiency means, with respect to the Underwriting Package with respect to any Property, (i) the failure of one or more Specified Documents contained therein to be fully executed or to match the information on the most recent Data Tape required to be delivered by Section 5.31.7 (or, prior to the delivery of the first such Data Tape, the Data Tape attached hereto as Schedule II), (ii) one or more Specified Documents contained therein are mutilated, materially damaged, torn or otherwise materially physically altered or otherwise unreadable or (iii) the absence from the Underwriting Package with respect to any Property, of any Specified Document required to be contained in such Underwriting Package. 
 Diligence Agent means SingleSource Diligence Services of Utah, LLC, d b a Resolute Diligence Solutions, or, in the event that SingleSource Diligence Services of Utah, LLC, d b a Resolute Diligence Solutions ceases to act as Diligence Agent, any Person designated by Required Lenders and reasonably acceptable to Borrower as a successor Diligence Agent. 
 Diligence Agent Agreement means that certain Evaluation Services Agreement between Borrower and Diligence Agent, or any replacement evaluation services agreement between Borrower and the Person then acting as the Diligence Agent hereunder. 
 Diligence Agent Certification means a certification of the Diligence Agent that it has reviewed the Underwriting Package and performed the applicable diligence services for such Properties under the 
 6 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Diligence Agent Agreement in order to verify whether the applicable Properties constitute Eligible Properties and the calculation of the Appraised Value attributable to such Properties. 
 Disqualified Property means any Property (i) which fails to constitute an Eligible Property and such breach continues uncured for more than fifteen (15) days from the date on which Borrower has actual knowledge of such failure or (ii) with respect to which any other breach exists under the Loan Documents that applies to such Property (but not to the Properties generally) to the extent that such breach would reasonably be expected to result in an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Property. 
 Eligible Account means a separate and identifiable account from all other funds held by the holding institution that is an account (or a subaccount thereof) maintained with an Eligible Institution. An Eligible Account shall not be evidenced by a certificate of deposit, passbook or other instrument. 
 Eligible Institution means a federal or state-chartered depository institution or trust company insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (i) whose long-term senior unsecured debt obligations are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s (or equivalent ratings by another Rating Agency approved by Required Lenders if not rated by S&P or Moody s) or (ii) such other banking institution as is approved by Required Lenders. 
 Eligible Lease means, unless otherwise approved by Required Lenders, a written Lease that (i) is executed by an Eligible Tenant and Borrower (or, in the case of a Lease existing on the Closing Date, such Lease has been assigned to Borrower), (ii) has a rental rate and terms generally consistent with existing local market rates and terms as determined by Borrower in its commercially reasonable discretion, (iii) as of the date the Lease was executed, the Lease has a term of at least twelve (12) months and not more than three (3) years, (iv) complies with all applicable Legal Requirements in all material respects and includes all disclosures required by applicable Legal Requirements, (v) covers one hundred percent (100 of the square footage of the applicable Property and (vi) does not include any purchase option, right of refusal to purchase, right of first offer to purchase or similar interest in any Property in favor of any Tenant or any other Person. 
 Eligible Property means a Property that is in compliance with each of the Property Representations and Covenants and as to which the Diligence Agent has delivered a Diligence Agent Certification. In addition, (i) any Property which has been Transferred free of Collateral Agent s Lien thereon or for which the applicable Release Amount has been paid in connection with a Casualty or Condemnation shall no longer be an Eligible Property and (ii) any Disqualified Property shall not be an Eligible Property. Further, each Property must meet the Target Property Criteria. 
 Eligible Tenant means a bona fide third-party lessee of a Property who satisfies each of the following criteria (i) either (A) the Tenant satisfies Borrower s tenant underwriting guidelines as in effect on the date hereof or (B) Borrower or Manager otherwise reasonably verifies, based on bona fide written documentation, that the Tenant has sufficient financial resources to satisfy its obligations under the Lease 
 7 
 DB1 149149761.5 

for the Property, (ii) if the Tenant pays all or a portion of any Rent with vouchers provided by the Section 8 Housing Program, Borrower (or Manager on behalf of the Loan Parties) shall have received the applicable vouchers and paperwork necessary to receive such payments directly from HUD, (iii) the Tenant is not subject to an ongoing Event of Bankruptcy as of such date of initial screening (or if not so initially screened, as of the Closing Date), (iv) the Tenant occupies the Property and uses it for residential purpose and (v) the Tenant is not a Relevant Party or any Affiliate thereof or an immediate family member (ancestor, spouse or lineal descendant) of any of the foregoing. 
 Embargoed Person has the meaning given such term in Section 5.25. 
 Environmental Indemnity means that certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Borrower and Parent in favor of Collateral Agent and Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Equity Owner means VB Nine Equity, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Equity Owner Guaranty means that certain Equity Owner Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Equity Owner in favor of Collateral Agent and Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning given such term in Section 5.4. 
 Equity Owner Security Agreement means that certain Equity Owner Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Equity Owner in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any corporation or trade or business that is a member of any group of organizations (i) described in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code of which another entity is a member or (ii) described in Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which another entity is a member, except that this clause (ii) shall apply solely for purposes of potential liability under Section 302(b) of ERISA and Section 412(b) of the Code and the lien created under Section 303(k) of ERISA and Section 430(k) of the Code. 
 Event of Bankruptcy means, with respect to any Person (i) such Person shall (A) fail generally to pay its debts as they come due, (B) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (C) institute any case or other proceeding by such Person seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, (D) seek liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of its debts or any similar action under the Bankruptcy Code or (E) take any action to authorize any of such actions or (ii) a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of such Person in any court seeking the liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or 
 8 
 DB1 149149761.5 

composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets, or any similar action with respect to such Person under the Bankruptcy Code, and (x) such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (y) an order for relief in respect of such Person shall be entered in such case or proceeding or a decree or order granting such other requested relief shall be entered. 
 Event of Default has the meaning given such term in Section 8.1. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Taxes means Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes that are imposed by the jurisdiction in which a Lender is organized or in which a Lender s applicable lending office is located. 
 Existing Management Agreement means that certain Management Agreement dated TBD between Borrower and Existing Manager, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Existing Manager means VineBrook Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company . 
 Expenditures Certificate means an Officer s Certificate that accurately (i) describes all items of work with respect to the Property or Properties for which Borrower is seeking a disbursement of Capital Expenditures Funds for the applicable Property (ii) states (X) the cost of each item of work, and (Y) that such items of work are bona fide out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Borrower that were incurred for the Restoration or repair of the applicable Property (iii) states that such work has been completed in a good and workmanlike manner and in all material respects in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements (iv) states that such work has not been the subject of a previous disbursement (in the case of an Expenditures Certificate delivered in connection with a proposed disbursement of funds), and has been paid for in full by Borrower (including any cost in excess of the requested disbursement, if applicable) or will be paid in full in connection with the related disbursement (if applicable) (v) for any expenditure greater than Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) and any other expenditure requested by Required Lenders, is delivered together with copies of any invoices, mechanics lien releases and other documents specified by Required Lenders and (vi) if requested by Required Lenders, is delivered together with evidence of payment of such items of work. 
 Extraordinary Operating Expense has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.4. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 9 
 DB1 149149761.5 

FIRREA means the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Fully Condemned Property has the meaning given such term in Section 6.3(b). 
 Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount has the meaning given such term in Section 6.3(b). 
 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Government List means (i) the Annex to Presidential Executive Order 13224 (Sept. 24, 2001), (ii) OFAC s most current list of Specifically Designated National and Blocked Persons (which list may be published from time to time in various mediums including, but not limited to, the OFAC website, http www.treasury.gov ofac downloads t11sdn.pdf or any successor website or webpage) and (iii) any other list of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics traffickers maintained by a Governmental Authority that Required Lenders notify Borrower in writing is now included in Government List. 
 Governmental Authority means any court, board, agency, commission, office or authority of any nature whatsoever or any governmental unit (federal, state, commonwealth, county, district, municipal, city, foreign or otherwise) or quasi-governmental authority or self-regulatory organization, in each case, whether now or hereafter in existence. For the avoidance of doubt, Governmental Authority includes HUD, OCRC and any similar state or local housing authorities as well as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. 
 GPR means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the annualized in-place Rents under bona fide Eligible Leases for the Properties and (ii) annualized market rents for Properties that are vacant as of such date. For purposes of clause (ii) market rents shall be determined by Borrower or, if Borrower elects, by a nationally recognized rental rate reporting service selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion (such nationally recognized rental rate reporting service s fee to be at Borrower s sole cost and expense). 
 HOA means a homeowners association, board, corporation or similar entity with authority to create a Lien on a Property as a result of the non-payment of HOA Fees that are payable with respect to such Property. 
 HOA Dues has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 HOA Fees means all homeowners dues, fees, assessments and impositions, and any other charges levied or assessed or imposed against a Property, or any part thereof, by an HOA. 
 HOA Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 10 
 DB1 149149761.5 

HOA Property means a Property subject to an HOA. 
 HOA Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 HOA Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 HUD means the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
 Improvements means the buildings, structures, fixtures, additions, enlargements, extensions, modifications, repairs, replacements and improvements now or hereafter erected or located on any Property. 
 Increased Costs has the meaning given such term in Section 2.6. 
 Indebtedness means (i) all indebtedness for (A) borrowed money, (B) amounts drawn under a letter of credit, or (C) the deferred purchase price of property, (ii) all unfunded amounts under a loan agreement, letter of credit, or other credit facility, (iii) all amounts required to be paid as a guaranteed payment to equity owners or a preferred or special dividend, including any mandatory redemption of equity interests, (iv) all obligations under leases that constitute capital leases, (v) all obligations under interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars and other interest hedge agreements, whether absolute or contingent, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, (vi) indebtedness secured by a Lien on any property owned by the applicable Person (whether or not such indebtedness has been assumed), (vii) any guaranty of any of the foregoing and (viii) any other contractual obligation for the payment of money, including trade payables, that is more than sixty (60) days past due. 
 Indemnified Persons means, collectively, (i) each Lender and Collateral Agent, (ii) any successor owner or holder of the Loan or participations in the Loan, (iii) any Servicer or prior Servicer of the Loan, (iv) MetLife Investment Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the investment manager of each Lender, and any Affiliate of a Lender that acts as an underwriter, placement agent, any other co-underwriters or co-placement agents, and (v) each of the respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives, agents and Affiliates and each Person or entity who Controls any such Person (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) of any and all of the foregoing, in all cases whether during the Term or as part of or following a foreclosure of the Loan. 
 Indemnified Taxes means, other than Excluded Taxes, all Taxes (including any stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes) that arise from or are imposed upon any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, or enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or the registration of, from the receipt or perfection of any Lien of or under any Loan Document. 
 Independent Director has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 11 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Individual Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Property, (i) any event or condition that has a Material Adverse Effect on the profitability, value, use, occupation, leasing or marketability of such Property or results in any material liability to, claim against or obligation of Collateral Agent, a Lender or any Relevant Party or (ii) the enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the Lien of the Collateral Documents with respect to such Property. 
 Initial Maturity Date means August 22, 2029. 
 Insolvency Opinion means that certain non-consolidation opinion letter dated as of the Closing Date delivered by counsel to the Loan Parties in connection with the Loan. 
 Insurance Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.3. 
 Insurance Premiums has the meaning given such term in Exhibit A. 
 Insurance Proceeds means all property and business interruption insurance proceeds paid or payable to Borrower or Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, in connection with damage to or destruction of a Property. 
 Insurance Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.3. 
 Insurance Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.3. 
 Interest Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.8. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the immediately preceding calendar month, provided , that the initial Interest Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of the calendar month during which the Closing Date occurs. 
 Interest Rate means, a per annum rate equal to four and 50 100ths percent (4.50 ). 
 Interest Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.8. 
 Lease means any agreement or arrangement pursuant to which any Person has or claims a possessory interest in, or right to use or occupy, all or any part of any Property, and every modification, amendment or other agreement relating thereto, including any sublease, assignment and guarantee. 
 Legal Requirements means all federal, state, county, municipal and other governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees and injunctions of Governmental Authorities, whether now or hereafter enacted and in force, and all permits, licenses and authorizations and regulations relating thereto, and all covenants, agreements, restrictions and encumbrances contained in any instruments, with any Governmental Authorities or enforceable by any Governmental Authorities, at any time in force affecting any Borrower, any Property or any part thereof (or if applicable, Manager or any Relevant Party), including, without limitation, any which may (i) require repairs, modifications or 
 12 
 DB1 149149761.5 

alterations in or to a Property or any part thereof, or (ii) in any way limit the leasing, use and enjoyment of a Property. For the avoidance of doubt, Legal Requirements includes statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, judgments, decrees and injunctions relating to fair housing including, without limitation, the Fair Housing Act (Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968) and any applicable state laws. 
 Lender and Lenders have the meaning given such terms in the introductory paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
 Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, easement, restrictive covenant, preference, assignment, security interest, or any other encumbrance, charge or transfer of, or any agreement to enter into or create any of the foregoing, on or affecting all or any portion of any Collateral, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, the filing of any financing statement, and mechanic s, materialmen s and other similar liens and encumbrances. 
 Limited Payment Guaranty means that certain Limited Payment Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Parent in favor of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Loan means the loan evidenced by the Notes, in the aggregate amount of One Hundred Seventy-One Million, Six Hundred Thirty-Six Thousand Six Hundred Ninety-Six and No 100ths Dollars 171,636,696.00), consisting of the MLIC Loan and the MTLIC Loan. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Note, the Collateral Agency agreement, the Recourse Guaranty, the Limited Payment Guaranty, the Equity Owner Guaranty, the Environmental Indemnity, each Collateral Document and all other agreements, instruments and documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, as any of the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Loan Party means Borrower and Equity Owner. 
 Losses means any and all claims, suits, liabilities (including, without limitation, strict liabilities), actions, proceedings, obligations, debts, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fines, penalties, charges, fees, expenses, judgments, awards, amounts paid in settlement of whatever kind or nature, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and other out-of-pocket costs of defense (including in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not any Indemnified Person shall be designated a party thereto). 
 Low Debt Service Period shall commence if, as of any Calculation Date, either Borrower has failed to deliver any document required in Section 5.31.1(b) or the Debt Service Coverage Ratio is less than 1.20 1.00, and shall end (A) at such time as the Properties have achieved, as of any two succeeding consecutive Calculation Dates, a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least 1.20 1.00, (B) immediately after Borrower shall have prepaid the Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount sufficient to cause the Debt 
 13 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Service Coverage Ratio to be 1.20 1.0 or greater, (C) immediately after Borrower has granted Mortgages on Eligible Properties to Collateral Agent to serve as additional Collateral for the Loan such that the Debt Service Coverage Ratio shall then be 1.20 1.0 or greater, or (D) during the first twelve (12) months following the Closing Date, immediately upon Borrower depositing funds into the Eligibility Reserve in an amount which, when included in the numerator of the calculation of Debt Service Coverage Ratio, yields a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of 1.20 1.0 or greater (the DSCR Deposit ). At such time as the Debt Service Coverage Ratio (calculated without considering the DSCR Deposit) is 1.20 1.0 or greater, the DSCR Deposit shall be remitted to or at the direction of Borrower. 
 Management Agreement means any agreement pursuant to which any Person has any right or obligation to manage, lease or collect rent from any of the Properties. The only Management Agreements permitted hereunder are the Existing Management Agreement and any Replacement Management Agreement as to which the requirements herein have been satisfied. 
 Management Fee Cap means, commencing with the calendar month ending immediately prior to each Payment Date during the Term, six percent (6.0 of gross Rents collected with respect to the Properties for such calendar month. For purposes of such calculation, Advance Rent shall be deemed to be collected in the calendar month to which it is applicable as set forth on the related Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule. 
 Manager means Existing Manager or, if the context requires, a Qualified Manager who is managing one or more of the Properties in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement pursuant to a Management Agreement. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1.21. 
 Material Action has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (i) any event or condition that has a material adverse effect on (A) the property, business, operations or financial condition of any Relevant Party, (B) the use, operation or value of the Properties taken as a whole, (C) the ability of Borrower to repay the principal and interest of the Loan when due or the ability of any Relevant Party to satisfy its respective obligations under the Loan Documents when due or (D) the enforceability or validity of any Loan Document, the perfection or priority of any Lien created under any Loan Document or the rights, interests and remedies of a Lender or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, or (ii) any determination by Required Lenders in their reasonable and good faith discretion that the management and operation of the Properties by any Relevant Party or any of their respective Affiliates does not comply with Legal Requirements in any material respect. For the avoidance of doubt, any determination by a Governmental Authority that the policies and procedures of any Relevant Party relating to the use and operation of the Properties do not comply with Legal Requirements shall, unless Required Lenders otherwise agree, be deemed a Material Adverse Effect. 
 14 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) the Initial Maturity Date and (ii) such date following an Event of Default on which the principal of the Note becomes due and payable by declaration of acceleration of otherwise. 
 Maximum Legal Rate means the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Debt evidenced by the Note and as provided for herein or the other Loan Documents, under the laws of such Governmental Authority whose laws are held by any court of competent jurisdiction to govern the interest rate provisions of the Loan. 
 MLIC Loan means a certain loan from MLIC Lender to Borrower in the original principal amount of One Hundred Twenty-Seven Million Seven Hundred Thirty-Seven Thousand Three Hundred Forty-Nine and 90 100ths Dollars 127,737,349.90). 
 MLIC Percentage means 74.42310 . 
 Monthly Budgeted Amount has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.3. 
 Monthly Debt Service Payment means, for each Payment Date, a monthly payment equal to the payment of interest, equal to the amount payable in respect of interest pursuant to Section 2.2.1(a) for the Interest Period ending on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgage means a mortgage, assignment of leases and rents, security agreement and fixture filing, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents, security agreement and fixture filing or deed to secure debt, assignment of leases and rents, security agreement and fixture filing, as applicable, for each Property or for multiple Properties located within the same county or parish, executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, constituting a Lien on the Improvements and the Property or Properties, as applicable, as Collateral for the Obligations, as any of the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 MSA means a Metropolitan Statistical Area as defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget. 
 MTLIC Loan means that certain loan from MTLIC Lender to Borrower in the original principal amount of Forty-Three Million Eight Hundred Ninety-Nine Thousand Three Hundred Forty-Six and 10 100ths Dollars 43,899,346.10). 
 MTLIC Percentage means 25.57690 . 
 Nationally Recognized Service Company has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 15 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Net Assets means, with respect to any Person, the difference between (i) such Person s assets determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding accumulated depreciation, and (ii) such Person s liabilities determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Net Proceeds means (i) Insurance Proceeds or (ii) Awards, whichever the case may be, and in each case after deduction of reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable counsel fees) incurred by Collateral Agent and or Lenders in collecting and disbursing the same. 
 Net Proceeds Deficiency has the meaning given such term in Section 6.4(d). 
 Note has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.1. 
 Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 9.1. 
 Obligations means, collectively, each and all obligations of the Relevant Parties under the Loan Documents, including Borrower s obligations for the payment of the Debt, including without limitation, interest that accrues after any Event of Bankruptcy, regardless of whether such interest is allowable or allowed in any proceeding relating to an Event of Bankruptcy. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury. 
 Officer s Certificate means a certificate delivered to Lenders by Borrower which is signed by an authorized officer of Borrower. 
 Operating Account means the deposit account held at Operating Account Bank in the name of Borrower, which account may be changed from time to time pursuant to mutual written agreement by Borrower and Required Lenders. 
 Operating Account Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, or any other Eligible Institution selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. 
 Operating Expenses means, for any period, without duplication, all expenses actually paid or payable by Borrower during such period in connection with the administration, operation, management, maintenance, repair and use of the Properties, determined on an accrual basis, and, except to the extent otherwise provided in this definition, in accordance with GAAP. Operating Expenses specifically shall include, without duplication, (i) all operating expenses incurred in such period based on quarterly financial statements delivered to Lenders in accordance with Section 4.3.1(a), (ii) cost of utilities, inventories, and fixed asset supplies consumed in the operation of the Properties, (iii) fees payable to Manager in an amount equal to the greater of (A) actual fees paid to Manager or (B) the Management Fee Cap, (iv) costs and fees of independent professionals (including, without limitation, legal, accounting, consultants and other professional expenses), technical consultants, operational experts (including quality assurance inspectors) or other third parties retained to perform services required or permitted hereunder (not to exceed the prevailing market rates for such services), (v) operational equipment and other lease 
 16 
 DB1 149149761.5 

payments to the extent constituting operating expenses under GAAP, (vi) Property Taxes and HOA Fees, (vii) Insurance Premiums and (viii) Property maintenance expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Operating Expenses shall not include (A) depreciation, amortization or other non-cash items, (B) income taxes or other charges in the nature of income taxes, (C) any expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional fees, expenses and disbursements) incurred in connection with the making of the Loan or the sale, exchange, transfer, financing or refinancing of all or any portion of any Property or in connection with the recovery of Insurance Proceeds or Awards, (D) any loss that is covered by the Policies, including any portion of a loss that is subject to a deductible under the Policies, (E) Capital Expenditures, (F) Debt Service, (G) expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition and initial leasing and renovation of Properties and other activities undertaken prior to such initial lease that do not constitute recurring operating expenses to be paid by Borrower, including eviction of existing Tenants, incentive payments to Tenants and other similar expenses, (H) any item of expense which would otherwise be considered within Operating Expenses pursuant to the provisions above but is paid directly by any Tenant under a Lease, (I) any service that is required to be provided by Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement without compensation or reimbursement (other than the management fee set forth in the Management Agreement), (J) any expenses that relate to a Property from and after the release of such Property in accordance with Section 2.5, (K) bad debt expense with respect to Rents and lost Rents due to vacancies, (L) the value of any free rent or other concessions provided with respect to the Properties, or (M) corporate overhead expenses incurred by Borrower s Affiliates. 
 Origination Fee means the fee payable (i) to MLIC Lender in an amount equal to two and one-half percent (2.50 of the original principal amount of the MLIC Loan, and (ii) to MTLIC Lender in an amount equal to two and one-half percent (2.50 of the original principal amount of the MTLIC Loan, respectively, in consideration of the making of the applicable Loan by each Lender, which such Origination Fee shall be fully-earned, due and payable on the Closing Date. 
 Other Charges means any other charges levied or assessed or imposed against a Property, or any part thereof, other than Taxes or HOA Fees. 
 Outstanding Principal Balance means, on any date of determination, the outstanding principal balance of the Loan on such date, the outstanding principal balance of the MLIC Loan on such date, or the outstanding principal balance of the MTLIC Loan on such date, in each case as the context may require. 
 Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT ACT) of 2001, as the same may be amended from time to time, and corresponding provisions of future laws. 
 Patriot Act Offense has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1.23. 
 Payment Date has the meaning given such term in Section 2.3.1. 
 17 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Parent means VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 
 Parent Financial Covenant means the requirement that Parent maintain Net Assets of not less than Three Hundred Forty-Three Million Two Hundred Three Thousand Nine Hundred Eighty-Four and No 100ths Dollars 343,203,984.00) (exclusive of Parent s indirect interest in Borrower). 
 Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning given such term in Section 5.4. 
 Permitted Investment means the investments described in clause (i) below, subject to qualifications set forth in clause (ii) below 
 (i) (A) obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the United States government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (B) federal funds, unsecured certificates of deposit, time deposits, banker s acceptances, and repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 365 days of any bank, the short-term debt obligations of which are rated A-1+ (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies, it being understood that the A-1+ benchmark rating and other benchmark ratings in this Agreement are intended to be the ratings, or the equivalent of ratings, issued by S (C) deposits that are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (D) debt obligations that are rated AA (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies having maturities of not more than 365 days (E) commercial paper rated A 1+ (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies and (F) investment in money market funds rated AAAm or AAAm G (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Permitted Investments shall (A) exclude any security with the S&P s r symbol (or any other Rating Agency s corresponding symbol) attached to the rating (indicating high volatility or dramatic fluctuations in their expected returns because of market risk), as well as any mortgage-backed securities and any security of the type commonly known as strips (B) not have maturities in excess of one year (C) be limited to those instruments that have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change and (D) exclude any investment where the right to receive principal and interest derived from the underlying investment provides a yield to maturity in excess of one hundred twenty percent (120 of the yield to maturity at par of such underlying investment. Interest may either be fixed or variable, and any variable interest must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a single fixed spread (if any), and move proportionately with that index. No investment shall be made which requires a payment above par for an obligation if the obligation may be prepaid at the option of the issuer thereof prior to its maturity. All investments shall mature or be redeemable upon the option of the holder thereof on or prior to the earlier of (x) three months from the date of their purchase or (y) the Business Day preceding the day before the date such amounts are required to be applied hereunder. 
 Permitted Liens means, collectively, (i) the Liens and security interests created by the Loan Documents, (ii) all encumbrances and other matters disclosed in the Title Insurance Policies for the Properties as Required Lenders have approved in writing, (iii) Liens, if any, for Taxes imposed by any 
 18 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Governmental Authority not yet due or delinquent, (iv) Liens arising after the Closing Date for Taxes being contested in accordance with the terms hereof, (v) any workers , mechanics or other similar Liens on a Property that are bonded or discharged within sixty (60) days after Borrower first receives written notice of such Lien, (vi) all easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar non-monetary encumbrances recorded against and affecting any Property that would not reasonably be expected to and do not have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the Property, (vii) such other title and survey exceptions as Required Lenders have approved in writing in their reasonable discretion, and (viii) rights of Tenants, as tenants only, under Leases permitted hereunder. 
 Permitted Transfers has the meaning given such term in Section 5.24. 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any other entity, any Governmental Authority and any fiduciary acting in such capacity on behalf of any of the foregoing. 
 Policy and Policies have the meanings given such terms in Exhibit A. 
 Prepayment Notice means a prior written notice to Lenders specifying the proposed Business Day on which a voluntary prepayment of the Debt is to be made pursuant to Section 2.4.1, which date shall be no earlier than ten (10) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice and no later than thirty (30) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice. 
 Prepayment Rate means the bond equivalent yield (in the secondary market) on the United States Treasury Security that as of the Prepayment Rate Determination Date has a remaining term to maturity closest to, but not exceeding, the remaining term to the Yield Maintenance Date as most recently published in the Treasury Bonds, Notes and Bills section in The Wall Street Journal as of such Prepayment Rate Determination Date. If more than one issue of United States Treasury Securities has the same remaining term to the Yield Maintenance Date, the Prepayment Rate shall be the yield on such United States Treasury Security most recently issued as of the Prepayment Rate Determination Date. The rate so published shall control absent manifest error. If the publication of the Prepayment Rate in The Wall Street Journal is discontinued, Required Lenders shall determine the Prepayment Rate on the basis of Statistical Release H.15 (519), Selected Interest Rates, or any successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or on the basis of such other publication or statistical guide as Required Lenders may reasonably select. 
 Prepayment Rate Determination Date means the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the date that a prepayment of principal is applied pursuant to Section 2.4.4(b). 
 Prescribed Laws means, collectively, (i) the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107 56) (The USA PATRIOT Act), (ii) Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, and relating to Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, 
 19 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, (iii) the International Emergency Economic Power Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. and (iv) all other Legal Requirements relating to money laundering or terrorism. 
 Previously-Owned Properties means any residential real properties previously owned by Borrower but are no longer owned by Borrower as of the Closing Date. 
 Prohibited Assignee means any Person owned (in whole or in part) or controlled or managed by (i) Credit Suisse (Switzerland) Ltd., (ii) UBS Group AG, (iii) Acis Capital Management, L.P., (iv) Alvarez & Marsal Holdings, LLC, (v) Farallon Capital Management, LLC, (vi) Glacier Lake Capital Advisors, (vii) Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P., (viii) HarbourVest Partners LLC, (ix) Highland Capital Management, L.P., (x) Shorewood Management, L.P., (xi) Stonehill Capital Management, LLC, (xii) Teneo (including Teneo Global Advisory and Teneo Capital, LLC), and (xiii) any of the foregoing Persons respective Affiliates or subsidiaries. 
 Properties Schedule means the data tape of Properties attached hereto as Schedule II.A as of the Closing Date, as updated on a monthly basis in the form attached hereto as Schedule II.B, pursuant to Section 5.31.6 . 
 Property means, individually, and Properties means, collectively, the residential real properties described on Schedule II (as the same may be supplemented from time to time) provided that if (i) the Allocated Loan Amount for any Property has been reduced to zero and (ii) all interest and other Obligations related to the repayment of such Allocated Loan Amount have been repaid in full, then such residential real property shall no longer be a Property hereunder. The Properties include the Improvements now or hereafter erected or installed thereon and other personal property owned by Borrower located thereon, together with all rights pertaining to such real property, Improvements and personal property. 
 Property Document means each agreement relating to a Property, each Permitted Lien affecting a Property and each other instrument binding on Borrower or any Property, including any reciprocal easement agreement, declaration of covenants, conditions and restrictions and any HOA governing documents, rules and regulations. 
 Property Representations and Covenants means the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in Sections 4.1.4, 4.1.6, 4.1.9, 4.1.11, 4.1.12, 4.1.13, 4.1.14, 4.1.15, 4.1.16, 4.1.17, 4.1.18, 4.1.19, 4.1.24, 4.1.25, 4.1.26, 4.1.27, 4.1.28, 4.1.29, Section 5.1, Section 5.5, Section 5.6, Section 5.8, Section 5.10, Section 5.11 Section 5.13 and Section 5.14 hereof and the representations, warranties and covenants in Section 1 and 2 of the Environmental Indemnity. 
 Property Taxes means any real estate and personal property Taxes, assessments, water charges, sewer rents, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto now or hereafter levied or assessed or imposed by a Governmental Authority against any Property, any Collateral, any part of either of the foregoing, or Borrower. 
 20 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Qualified Manager means (i) Existing Manager, (ii) any Person that is under common Control with Existing Manager, (iii) a reputable Person that has at least three (3) years experience in the management of residential rental properties in the aggregate amount equal to or greater than Existing Manager as of the Closing Date, and is at the time of determination managing residential rental properties in (a) at least that number of residential rental properties managed by Existing Manager as of the Closing Date in each state and MSA that the applicable Properties to be managed by such Person are located (or has retained by subcontract a property manager in such areas before the effectiveness of any termination or resignation of Manager) and (b) every state that the applicable Properties to be managed by such Person are located, and is not (nor is any Person under common Control with such Person) the subject of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding or any governmental or regulatory investigation which resulted in a final, nonappealable conviction for criminal activity involving moral turpitude, or (iv) any other Person that is approved by Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion provided , that if such Person is an Affiliate of Borrower, Borrower shall have obtained an Additional Insolvency Opinion if such an opinion is reasonably requested by Required Lenders. 
 Qualified Release Property Default has the meaning given such term in Section 2.5. 
 Rating Agencies means S&P and Moody s. 
 Records means all Leases, agreements, instruments, documents, books, records and other information (including tapes, disks, punch cards and related property and rights) maintained with respect to Properties or the Loan Parties. 
 Recourse Guaranty means that certain Recourse Guaranty and Indemnity, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Parent in favor of Collateral Agent and Lenders. 
 Regulatory Change means any change after the Closing Date in federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, or the adoption, taking effect or the making, after such date, of any interpretations, directives or requests applying to a Lender, or any Person in Control of a Lender or to a class of banks or companies Controlling banks, of or under any United States federal, state or foreign laws or regulations (whether or not having the force of law) by any United States court or Governmental Authority or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof (expressly excluding any of the foregoing imposed by a foreign Governmental Authority). 
 Release Amount means, for a Property as of any date of determination, the following applicable amount together with any other amounts (in respect of interest or yield maintenance) specified in Section 2.4.4 (i) one hundred five percent (105 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is less than ten percent (10 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date (ii) one hundred ten percent (110 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than ten percent (10 but less than fifteen percent (15 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date (iii) one hundred fifteen 
 21 
 DB1 149149761.5 

percent (115 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than fifteen percent (15 but less than twenty percent (20 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date, and (iv) one hundred twenty percent (120 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than twenty percent (20 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date. 
 Release Conditions has the meaning given such term in Section 2.5. 
 Release Property has the meaning given such term in Section 2.5. 
 Relevant Party means each Loan Party and Parent (collectively, the Relevant Parties ). 
 Renovation Standards means the maintenance, repairs, improvements and installations that are necessary for a Property to conform to applicable Legal Requirements and not deviate materially from local rental market standards for similarly situated properties in the area in which such Property is located. 
 Rent Deposit Account means the deposit account held at the Rent Deposit Account Bank in the name of Borrower, or, as may be subsequently agreed to by Borrower and Required Lenders in writing, a deposit account of Manager at the Rent Deposit Account Bank, in which Collections are deposited. 
 Rent Deposit Account Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, or any other Eligible Institution selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. 
 Rent Deposit Account Control Agreement means a deposit account control agreement dated as of the Closing Date among Borrower, Lenders and Rent Deposit Account Bank providing for control by Lenders of the Rent Deposit Account (exercisable only upon the written direction of Required Lenders upon the occurrence of a Trigger Period), as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Rents means, with respect to each Property, all rents and rent equivalents (including for forfeited security deposits allocated to rent) and any fees, payments or other compensation from any Tenant. 
 Replacement Management Agreement means a Management Agreement (other than the Existing Management Agreement) between Borrower and a Qualified Manager, which agreement satisfies the requirements set forth herein and is in form and substance acceptable to Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion. 
 Request for Release means a request for release of a Property in connection with any Transfer of a Property, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 22 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Required DSCR means 1.20 1. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) unless and until the MLIC Loan has been reduced to zero, one or more Persons holding in the aggregate at least fifty-one percent (51 of Outstanding Principal Balance of the MLIC Loan at such time and (b) otherwise, the Required MTLIC Lenders provided that any portion of the MLIC Loan or the MTLIC Loan held by any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall be disregarded in the determination of Required Lenders unless all Loans are held by a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 Required MTLIC Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) one or more Persons holding in the aggregate at least fifty-one percent (51 of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the MTLIC Loan at such time provided that (any portion of the MTLIC Loan held by any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall be disregarded in the determination of Required MTLIC Lenders unless all MTLIC Loan are held by a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 Reserve Cure Deposit has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.12. 
 Reserve Funds means, collectively, all funds held in the Reserves pursuant to Article 7, including, but not limited to, the Advance Rent Funds (if any), the Capital Expenditures Funds, the Cash Collateral Funds, the Casualty and Condemnation Funds, the HOA Funds, the Insurance Funds, the Interest Funds and the Tax Funds. 
 Reserve Release Date means any Business Day as requested by Borrower pursuant to a Reserve Release Request provided that there shall be no more than one Reserve Release Date in any calendar month. 
 Reserve Release Request means any written request by Borrower for a release of Reserve Funds made in accordance with Article 7. 
 Reserves means, collectively, the Eligibility Reserve, the Tax Reserve, the HOA Reserve, the Insurance Reserve, the Interest Reserve, the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve, the Cash Collateral Reserve, the Capital Expenditures Reserve, and the Advance Rent Reserve, each of which shall, individually, be a Reserve. 
 Responsible Officer means, as to any Person, the chief executive officer or president or, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer or treasurer of such Person provided that in the event any such officer is unavailable at any time he or she is required to take any action hereunder, Responsible Officer means any officer authorized to act on such officer s behalf as demonstrated by a certified resolution of such Person. 
 Restoration means the repair and restoration of a Property after a Casualty as nearly as possible to the condition such Property was in immediately prior to such Casualty, with such material alterations as may be approved by Required Lenders, which such approval shall not to be unreasonably withheld. 
 23 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Restoration Conditions means (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing beyond any applicable notice and cure period, (ii) within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of the Casualty, Borrower delivers to Lenders a written undertaking to expeditiously commence and to satisfactorily complete with due diligence the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (iii) Required Lenders shall be satisfied that any Debt Service and operating deficits which will be incurred with respect to the Properties as a result of the occurrence of the Casualty will be covered out of (A) the applicable Net Proceeds, (B) the insurance coverage referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) of Exhibit A, if applicable, or (C) by other funds of Borrower (iv) Required Lenders shall be satisfied that the Restoration will be completed on or before the earliest of (A) six (6) months prior to the Maturity Date, (B) such time as may be required under applicable Legal Requirements or (C) six (6) months prior to the expiration of the insurance coverage referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) of Exhibit A and (v) the Net Proceeds together with any Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited by Borrower with Lender are sufficient to cover the cost of the Restoration, as determined by Required Lenders in their commercially reasonable discretion . 
 Restoration Threshold Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 50,000.00) per Property, and (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 of the Outstanding Principal Balance. 
 Restricted Junior Payment means, with respect to any Person, (i) any dividend or other distribution of any nature (including cash, securities, assets, Indebtedness or otherwise) and any payment (by virtue of redemption, retirement or otherwise) on any class of equity interests or subordinate Indebtedness issued by such Person now or hereafter outstanding, whether directly or indirectly, and (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any equity interests or subordinate Indebtedness of such Person now or hereafter outstanding. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings 
 Section 8 Housing Program means the HUD housing choice voucher program, commonly referred to as Section 8, and including herein any replacement, successor or similar federal or state program. 
 Section 8 Housing Tenants means Tenants paying all or a portion of any Rent with vouchers provided pursuant to the Section 8 Housing Program. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Security Deposit Account has the meaning given such term in Section 5.14(a). 
 Servicer has the meaning given such term in Section 9.23. 
 Sole Member has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 24 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, (i) the fair saleable value of such Person s assets exceeds its total liabilities, (ii) such Person s assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as conducted or as proposed to be conducted and (iii) such Person is able to pay its liabilities as they mature. 
 Special Member has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Special Purpose Entity has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Specified Documents means, with respect to any Property, each document listed in the definition of Underwriting Package with respect to such Property. 
 Stabilized Property means a Property for which all relevant renovation and capital repairs have been completed and which, as of the date of determination (a) is then subject to an Eligible Lease or (b) is not then leased, but was previously subject to an Eligible Lease at any time during the Term of the Loan. 
 Substitute Property has the meaning given such term in Section 2.4.2(iii). 
 Target Property Criteria means the criteria set forth on Exhibit K. 
 Tax Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.1. 
 Tax Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.1. 
 Tax Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.1. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto, including Property Taxes. 
 Tenant means any Person obligated by contract or otherwise to pay monies under any Lease now or hereafter affecting all or any part of a Property. 
 Tenant Direction Letter has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1.3. 
 Term means the entire term of this Agreement, which shall expire upon repayment in full of the Debt. 
 Title Insurance Company means the applicable title insurance company selected by Borrower and reasonably approved by Required Lenders. Old Republic Title Insurance Company is hereby approved by Required Lenders. 
 25 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Title Insurance Owner s Policy means, with respect to each Property, an ALTA owner title insurance policy issued by the Title Insurance Company in a form reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders (or, if a Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located in a state which does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be permitted in such state and determined that is reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders) issued with respect to such Property or Properties, as applicable (subject to Permitted Liens) and insuring the fee simple legal title to such Property and naming Borrower as the insured party. 
 Title Insurance Policy means, with respect to each Property, or multiple Properties encumbered by the same Mortgage, an ALTA mortgagee title insurance policy issued by the Title Insurance Company containing such endorsements as Required Lenders may reasonably require (to the extent available in the state where the Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located) in a form reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders (or, if such Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located in a state which does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be permitted in such state and determined that is reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders) issued with respect to such Property or Properties, as applicable, and insuring the Lien of the applicable Mortgage encumbering such Property or Properties, as applicable, as a valid first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) and naming Collateral Agent, as collateral agent for the benefit of Lenders, its successors and assigns, as the insured party. 
 Transfer means any transfer of any kind (including any gift, conveyance, lease, sublease, sale or Lien) with respect to all or any part of or any interest (whether ownership, beneficial or otherwise) in any Property, Collateral, Borrower or the Equity Owner, whether voluntarily or involuntarily and whether directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise. Without limitation, Transfer includes (i) an installment sales agreement wherein by which a Property or any part thereof is to be sold for a price to be paid in installments (ii) an agreement for the leasing of all or a substantial part of a Property for any purpose other than the actual occupancy by a Tenant thereunder (iii) a sale, assignment or other transfer of, or the grant of a security interest in, Borrower s right, title and interest in and to any Leases or any Rents (iv) if Equity Owner or Borrower is a corporation, the voluntary or involuntary sale, conveyance or transfer of such corporation s stock, or the creation or issuance of new stock, or entering into any agreement to do any of the foregoing (v) if Equity Owner or Borrower is a partnership, limited liability company, or other entity, any change, withdrawal, removal, resignation, addition, or change of control of any partner, member, or other interest holder, or the issuance of any new partnership, membership or other entity interest, or the transfer of any partnership, membership or other entity interest, or entering into any agreement to do any of the foregoing (vi) any pledge, hypothecation, assignment, transfer or other Lien or encumbrance of any direct ownership interest in Equity Owner or Borrower and (vii) granting or sufferance of any purchase option, right of first refusal to purchase, right of first offer to purchase or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or other Persons. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the term Transfer shall neither include, nor be deemed to include, any sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, assignment, hypothecation or any other transaction involving the equity interests of Parent or any of their respective direct or indirect equity holders. 
 26 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Transfer Date means the date upon which a Transfer of a Property is consummated. 
 Transfer Expenses means, with respect to the Transfer of any Property, the reasonable expenses of Borrower incurred in connection therewith not to exceed the lesser of (x) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and (y) eight percent (8.0 of all gross amounts realized with respect thereto, for any of the following (i) third party real estate commissions, (ii) the closing costs of the purchaser of such Property actually paid by Borrower and (iii) Borrower s miscellaneous closings costs, including title, escrow and appraisal costs and expenses. 
 Transfer Proceeds means, with respect to the Transfer of any Property, the gross sales price for such Property (including any earnest money, down payment or similar deposit included in the total sales price paid by the purchaser), less Transfer Expenses. 
 Trigger Period shall commence upon the occurrence of (i) an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of a Low Debt Service Period and shall end if, (a) with respect to a Trigger Period continuing pursuant to clause (i), the Event of Default commencing the Trigger Period has been cured or waived (and no other Event of Default is then continuing) or (b) with respect to a Trigger Period continuing due to clause (ii), the Low Debt Service Period has ended pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 U.S. Dollars refers to lawful money of the United States. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. 
 Underwriting Package means with respect to any Property or group of Properties 
 (i) an Appraisal and Manager s assessment of property value together with a Data Tape which includes information with respect to such Property 
 (ii) a deed for each such Property in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders conveying such Property to Borrower with vesting in the actual name of Borrower and recorded in the applicable real estate recording office, along with evidence that all fees, premiums, deed stamps and transfer taxes have been paid or delivered to the Title Insurance Company 
 (iii) a Mortgage, and any applicable amendments to the Loan Documents as may be required in connection therewith, as reasonably requested by Required Lenders 
 (iv) either (A) a Title Insurance Owner s Policy, including tie-in endorsements, in full force and effect for such Property in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, or (B) an escrow letter in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders covering all such Properties which escrow letter confirms the Title Insurance Company s commitment to issue a Title Insurance Owner s Policy in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders), and either (A) a Title Insurance Policy, including tie-in endorsements, in full force and effect for such Property in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, or (B) an escrow letter in form and substance 
 27 
 DB1 149149761.5 

reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders covering all such Properties which escrow letter confirms the Title Insurance Company s commitment to issue a Title Insurance Policy in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders) 
 (v) an executed copy of the Lease or Leases 
 (vi) a copy of the purchase agreement and all other applicable purchase documentation related to the acquisition of such Property reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders 
 (vii) evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that all relevant renovations for such Property have been completed 
 (viii) (A) an assignment of each Lease from the existing owner to Borrower as landlord, (B) to the extent required by the terms of the Lease, evidence of transmittal of a notice, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Lease, from landlord to each Eligible Tenant of such assignment and 
 (ix) evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that Borrower s insurance coverage is in full force and effect with respect to all of the Properties financed under the Loan after giving effect to the Property or Properties that are the subject of such Underwriting Package, including, without limitation completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to such Property (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by Borrower relating thereto). 
 Underwritten Capital Expenditures means, as of any date of determination, for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, the greater of the balance of the Capital Expenditures Funds and realized Capital Expenditures for the Properties. 
 Underwritten Net Cash Flow means, as of any date of determination, the excess for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, of (i) the lesser of (A) GPR less the product of (1) GPR and (2) Underwritten Vacancy and Credit Loss Percentage and (B) the sum of Actual Rent Collections, over (ii) the sum of (x) Operating Expenses, as adjusted to reflect exclusion of amounts representing non-recurring expenses, any such adjustments to be subject to approval by Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion, and (y) the Underwritten Capital Expenditures. The applicable period for determining Underwritten Net Cash Flow shall be the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of determination and further, for purposes of the foregoing calculations for each date of determination prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Actual Rent Collections and Operating Expenses shall be annualized to determine the twelve (12) month Actual Rent Collections and Operating Expenses with respect to the Properties. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Underwritten Net Cash Flow shall not include (a) any Insurance Proceeds (other than business interruption and or rental loss insurance proceeds and only to the extent allocable to the applicable period), (b) any proceeds resulting from the Transfer of all or any portion of any Property, (c) any item of income otherwise included in Underwritten Net Cash Flow but paid directly 
 28 
 DB1 149149761.5 

by any Tenant to a Person other than Borrower as an offset or deduction against Rent payable by such Tenant, provided such item of income is for payment of an item of expense (such as payments for utilities paid directly to a utility company) and such expense is otherwise excluded from the definition of Operating Expenses pursuant to clause (f) of the definition thereof, (d) security deposits received from Tenants until forfeited or applied and (e) any lease buy-out or surrender payment from any Tenant (including any payment relating to unamortized leasing commissions). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Actual Rent Collections of any Property that is a Disqualified Property shall be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Underwritten Vacancy and Credit Loss Percentage means, for any period of determination, six and one-half percent (6.50 ). 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 USPAP Means Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice as in effect from time to time. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in paragraph (b) of Section 2.7.3. 
 Voluntary Action means, in respect of any Property, a voluntary action or omission by any Relevant Party or an action or omission by any third party authorized by a Relevant Party that, in each case, such Relevant Party intends to result in (i) an imposition of a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on such Property, (ii) such Property becoming a Disqualified Property or (iii) a Transfer of such Property in violation of this Agreement. 
 Yield Maintenance Date means the date which is the thirty-six (36)-month anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 Yield Maintenance Premium means, with respect to any prepayment of the Loan (excluding any such payment forming part of the required Monthly Debt Service Payments), an amount calculated by Required Lenders to be equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the sum of the present values of all then-scheduled payments of principal and interest on such principal amount of the Loan being prepaid through the Yield Maintenance Date (including the balloon payment (assuming the Outstanding Principal Balance is due on the Yield Maintenance Date)), and calculating such interest with reference to the actual amount of such principal being prepaid, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.2.1(a)), with each such payment discounted to its present value at the date of prepayment at the rate which, when compounded monthly, is equivalent to the Prepayment Rate when compounded semi-annually, and deducting from the sum of such present values any interest paid for the period from the date of prepayment to the next succeeding Payment Date in the event such payment is not made on a Payment 
 29 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Date, over (B) the principal amount of the Loan being prepaid notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, from and after the Yield Maintenance Date any prepayment during the fourth (4 th year of the Loan term will be accompanied by a prepayment penalty equal to one-half of one percent (0.5 of the principal amount of the Loan being prepaid, and thereafter, no prepayment penalty shall be due in connection with the prepayment of any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
 Section 1.2. Exhibits and Schedules . The Schedules and Exhibits annexed hereto, are hereby incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement with the same effect as if set forth in the body hereof. 
 Article 2 THE LOAN 
 Section 2.1. Agreement to Lend and Borrow . Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Lenders hereby agree to make the Loan to Borrower subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Borrower hereby agrees to accept the Loan on the Closing Date. All amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Obligations shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan is not a revolving loan facility, and any amount borrowed and repaid hereunder in respect of the Loan may not be reborrowed. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Loan has been fully funded on the Closing Date. 
 2.1.1. The Note . The Loan shall be evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes each dated as of the Closing Date, which in the aggregate equal the amount of the Loan executed by Borrower and payable to the order of each Lender (each, a Note ). On the Closing Date, Borrower shall execute and deliver to each Lender a Note, payable to such Lender and its successor and assigns, in an amount equal to such Lender s share of the Loan. Each Lender shall have the right to have its Note subdivided, by exchange for promissory notes of lesser denominations or otherwise. In the event that a Note is lost or misplaced, upon delivery of a lost note affidavit by such Lender (or its Custodian), Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver a replacement Note to such Lender. 
 2.1.2. Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan (a) to make deposits of the Reserve Funds, (b) to pay costs and expenses related to the closing of the Loan, including fees payable to Lenders and Collateral Agent, (c) to release any Lien encumbering the Collateral, (d) to pay any delinquent Property Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges, (e) to purchase the Properties, and (f) if any proceeds remain thereafter, for such lawful purpose as Borrower shall determine. 
 2.1.3. Updated Appraisals . Required Lenders shall have the right, from time to time, but in no event more frequently than once in any calendar year, at Borrower s expense, to obtain reviews (or reconciliations) of Appraised Values from any of the Approved Appraisal Providers with respect to up to 15 (by number) of the Stabilized Properties. Any Appraised Value discrepancies of greater than 10 with respect to any reviewed Property may be provided to Borrower for review. Borrower may, at its option, accept the updated Appraised Values for purposes of the definition of Appraised Value or order a separate Appraisal from another Approved Appraisal Provider not previously used for such Property by Borrower or Lenders. In the event Borrower elects to order a third Appraisal, the Appraised Value shall be the average of the two lower values. If during any sampling, the aggregate value of all Appraised Values of the sampled Properties is adjusted downward by more than ten percent (10 pursuant to this 
 30 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Section 2.1.3, Required Lenders may, at Borrower s expense, increase the review sample size to 100 of all Properties. In the event that Appraised Values decline such that the Outstanding Principal Balance would exceed the Aggregate Collateral Value, Borrower shall prepay the Loan in accordance with Section 2.4.2(a)(iv). 
 Section 2.2. Interest and Fees . 
 2.2.1. Interest . 
 (a) Interest Rate. The Loan shall accrue interest throughout the Term at the Interest Rate. On each Payment Date, Borrower shall pay to Lenders all interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.2.1(c) below during the most recently ended Interest Period on the actual Outstanding Principal Balance as of the first day of such Interest Period. 
 (b) Default Rate . For so long as any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance and all other portions of the Debt shall be calculated at the Default Rate. Interest at the Default Rate shall be paid immediately upon demand, which demand may be made as frequently as Required Lenders shall determine. 
 (c) Interest Calculation . Interest on the Loan and other Obligations shall be calculated by multiplying (i) the actual number of days in the Interest Period or other period for which the calculation is being made by (ii) a daily rate based on a three hundred sixty (360) day year (i.e., the Interest Rate expressed as an annual rate divided by 360) by (iii) (A) in the case of scheduled interest on the Loan payable on any Payment Date, the Outstanding Principal Balance (B) in the case of interest payable in connection with a prepayment of any portion of the Loan principal, the amount of such principal being prepaid and (C) in the case of other Obligations, the amount of such other Obligations. 
 Section 2.3. Loan Payments . 
 2.3.1. Payments . Commencing on September 10, 2024, and on the 10th day of each month thereafter during the Term (each, a Payment Date ), Borrower shall make a payment of interest in an amount equal to the Monthly Debt Service Payment. All payments by Borrower shall be applied by Required Lenders or Servicer using funds held in the Cash Management Account on the applicable Payment Date in accordance with Section 7.4.1. In all instances hereunder, payments in respect of the Loan shall be paid to MLIC Lender and MTLIC Lender pro rata in accordance with the applicable Lender Percentage. 
 2.3.2. Payment on Maturity Date . Borrower shall pay to Lenders on the Maturity Date the Outstanding Principal Balance, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due under the Loan Documents. 
 2.3.3. Late Payment Charge . If any amount due under the Loan Documents is not paid on the date on which it is due (unless such late payment is due to Required Lenders or Servicer s failure to apply funds from the Cash Management Account or applicable Reserves as required hereunder), 
 31 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Borrower shall pay to Lenders upon demand an amount equal to the lesser of four percent (4.0 of such unpaid sum or the maximum amount permitted by Legal Requirements in order to defray the expense incurred by Lenders in handling and processing such delinquent payment and to compensate Lenders for the loss of the use of such delinquent payment. 
 2.3.4. Method and Place of Payment . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments shall be made to Lenders not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due and shall be made in U.S. Dollars in immediately available funds at such place as Required Lenders from time to time shall designate. Any funds received by Lenders after such time shall be deemed to have been paid on the following Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made under any Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be the immediately succeeding Business Day. All payments required to be made by Borrower under the Loan Documents shall be made irrespective of, and without deduction for, any setoff, claim or counterclaim and shall be made irrespective of any defense thereto. 
 2.3.5. Allocated Loan Amounts . Prepayments under Section 2.4.1 only shall reduce the Allocated Loan Amounts for each Property on a pro rata basis. Prepayments under Section 2.4.2 shall reduce the Allocated Loan Amount with respect to the applicable Property, until the Allocated Loan Amount and any interest, fees or other Obligations related thereto is zero any excess portion of such prepayment shall not serve to reduce the Allocated Loan Amount for any other Property. 
 Section 2.4. Prepayments . 
 2.4.1. Voluntary Prepayments . If Borrower delivers to Required Lenders a Prepayment Notice, Borrower may, on any Business Day, prepay the Debt in whole or in part, which prepayment shall be made together with the amounts required by Section 2.4.4. Except for mandatory prepayments, each such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount equal to Five Million and No 100ths Dollars 5,000,000.00) and in integral multiples of One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00) in excess thereof (unless the entire Debt is prepaid). Until the date which is five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of prepayment, Borrower may revoke any Prepayment Notice by giving written notice to Lenders provided that Borrower shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket third party costs and expenses of Lenders incurred in reliance upon the expected prepayment, but excluding consequential damages (including, without limitation, lost profits resulting from such rescission). 
 2.4.2. Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth below, Borrower shall prepay the Debt in the amounts set forth below, which prepayments shall be made together with the amounts required by Section 2.4.4. 
 32 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(i) Transfer . If at any time any Property is Transferred to a third party, then no later than the applicable Transfer Date, Borrower shall prepay the Debt in an amount equal to the applicable Release Amount. 
 (ii) Condemnation or Casualty . If Borrower is required to make any prepayment under Section 6.3 or Section 6.4 as a result of a Condemnation or Casualty, on the next occurring Payment Date following the date on which the applicable Insurance Proceeds or Award are paid to the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve, Required Lenders or Servicer shall apply the Net Proceeds thereof towards the prepayment of the Debt in the amount required by Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, as applicable, and Borrower shall prepay the Debt in such amount. 
 (iii) Disqualified Properties Substitutions . If at any time any Property shall become a Disqualified Property, Borrower shall, no later than the close of business on the fifth (5 th Business Day following the last day of the applicable cure period, give notice thereof to Lenders and prepay the Debt in the applicable Release Amount with respect to such Property. No Yield Maintenance Premium shall be owing on any such prepayment unless such Property became a Disqualified Property as a result of a Voluntary Action. After the prepayment of the Debt by the Release Amount with respect to a Disqualified Property as provided above, (1) if the breach or failure that resulted in such Property becoming a Disqualified Property relates solely to such Disqualified Property, such breach or failure shall be deemed cured and shall not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (2) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release of such Disqualified Property from the applicable Mortgage and related Lien provided, that (x) Borrower has delivered to Lenders and Collateral Agent a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Disqualified Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Disqualified Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Disqualified Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Disqualified Property is located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders, and (y) Borrower shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with such release (including, without limitation, cost to file and record the release and Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective reasonable attorneys fees). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in lieu of such prepayment, Borrower may either (A) deposit an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Disqualified Property in the Eligibility Reserve in accordance with and subject to Section 6.5 or (B) substitute a Disqualified Property or a portfolio of Disqualified Properties (each, an Affected Property and collectively, the Affected Properties with a substitute Eligible Property or a portfolio of Eligible Properties (each, a Substitute Property and collectively, the Substitute Properties and upon such deposit or substitution, if the breach or failure that resulted in such Property becoming a Disqualified Property relates solely to such Disqualified Property, such breach or failure shall be deemed to be cured and shall not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, in the case of a proposed substitution, the following conditions are satisfied 
 (1) each substitute Eligible Property shall be a detached single family residential real property or a condominium or townhome (so long as, after giving effect to the inclusions of the Substituted Property, condominium units and townhomes constitute no more than twenty percent (20 of the Properties by Appraised Value and provided no condominium that is a Substitute Property shall consist of more than one single family unit), but excluding housing cooperatives and manufactured housing 
 33 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(2) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing except as related to, and cured by the removal of, the Affected Property being substituted 
 (3) Lenders shall have obtained, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, an Appraisal for the applicable Affected Property or Affected Properties and the applicable Substitute Property or Substitute Properties and based on such Appraisal(s), the Substitute Property (or portfolio of Substitute Properties) shall have the same or greater Appraised Value as the Appraised Value of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted at the time of substitution 
 (4) Borrower shall deliver to Lenders an Officer s Certificate stating that each Substitute Property satisfies each of the Property Representations and is in compliance with each of the Property Covenants on the date of the substitution after giving effect to the substitution 
 (5) there is an Eligible Lease for each Substitute Property 
 (6) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Substitute Property (or Substitute Properties, if a portfolio of Affected Properties are being substituted) shall be equal to or greater than the greater of (A) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the time of substitution and (B) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the Closing Date 
 (7) the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Substitute Property (or Substitute Properties, if a portfolio of Affected Properties are being substituted) shall be equal to or greater than the greater of (A) the in Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the time of substitution and (B) the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the Closing Date 
 (8) simultaneously with the substitution, Borrower shall convey all of Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted to a Person other than a Loan Party, and Borrower shall deliver to Lenders a copy of the deed conveying all of Borrower s right, title and interest in such Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted 
 (9) Borrower shall deliver on or prior to the date of substitution evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that each Substitute Property is insured pursuant to Policies 
 (10) each Substitute Property shall be located in an MSA that contains at least one property described on the Properties Schedule as of the Closing Date and does not change any concentration of any such area by more than ten percent (10 
 (11) no acquisition of a Substitute Property will result in Borrower or Equity Owner incurring any Indebtedness 
 (12) if any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien), litigation or governmental proceeding is existing or pending or, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party, threatened against any Affected Property being substituted with a Substitute Property or against such Substitute Property which may result in liability for Borrower, Borrower shall have deposited into the Cash Management Account reserves reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders as security for the satisfaction of such liability and 
 34 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(13) Borrower shall pay to the Cash Management Account any applicable deposits of Reserve Funds with respect to such Substitute Property and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lenders in connection with the substitution (including, without limitation, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lenders and Collateral Agent in connection with the release of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted from any applicable Mortgage). Any such deposit in the Eligibility Reserve or any such substitution shall be completed no later than the due date for the prepayment required under this Section 2.4.2(a). 
 (14) Borrower shall execute and deliver to Lenders a Mortgage encumbering the Substitute Property (or an amendment to an existing Mortgage to add such Substitute Property to the Lien of such Mortgage), together with a commitment for a Title Insurance Policy insuring the Lien of such Mortgage (or amendment to an existing Mortgage) as a first priority Lien in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders. 
 (15) Lenders shall cause such Mortgage (or amendment to an existing Mortgage) encumbering such Substitute Property to be recorded in the applicable real property records, at Borrower s sole cost and expense (including any mortgage recordation fees, mortgage recording taxes or intangible taxes, and Borrower shall cause Title Insurance Company to issue the applicable Title Insurance Policy, and shall pay all premiums and charges of Title Insurance Company for the issuance to the Title Insurance Policy. 
 (16) Borrower shall deliver to Lenders the following opinions of counsel (A) an opinion of counsel admitted to practice under the laws of each state in which the Substitute Property is located in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders opining as to the enforceability of the Mortgage with respect to the applicable Substitute Property, and (B) an opinion stating that the Mortgage was duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders. 
 (17) Simultaneously with the substitution of a Affected Property, to the extent applicable, Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to release the Affected Property or Affected Properties from any applicable Mortgage, provided that Borrower has delivered to Lenders and Collateral Agent a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Affected Property or Affected Properties encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Affected Property or Affected Properties, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Affected Property or Affected Properties being substituted and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Affected Property or Affected Properties are located which contains standard provisions protecting the rights of Lenders and Collateral Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event may Borrower substitute Eligible Properties for more than fifteen percent (15 of the Properties set forth on the Closing Date Properties Schedule. 
 (b) Transfer . If at any time any Property is sold or otherwise disposed of, then Borrower shall, no later than the close of business on the day on which such Transfer occurs, give notice thereof to Lenders and prepay the Debt in the applicable Release Amount with respect to such Property in accordance with Section 2.5. 
 35 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(c) Aggregate Collateral Value . In the event that the Outstanding Principal Balance at any time exceeds the Aggregate Collateral Value, Borrower shall prepay the Debt in an amount sufficient to reduce the Outstanding Principal Balance to no greater than the Aggregate Collateral Value. 
 (d) Annual Amortization Payments . On each December 15 in the calendar years 2025, 2026 and 2027, Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of the Loan in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 4,587,934.00 (less any sums received to date in such calendar year in respect of payments made pursuant to Sections 2.4.2(a)(i) and 2.4.2(b) above in excess of the Allocated Loan Amount(s) for any Properties released pursuant to such Sections), and (ii) an amount of Outstanding Principal Balance sufficient to reduce the Aggregate Collateral Value from seventy-two percent (72 of Aggregate Appraised Value by one percent (1.0 in calendar year 2025, an additional one percent (1.0 in calendar year 2026, and an additional one percent (1.0 in calendar year 2027, in each instance together with all accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount prepaid through, but not including, the date of prepayment. No prepayment premium, Yield Maintenance Premium or other similar fee, premium or penalty shall be due in connection with such prepayments under this Section 2.4.2(d) 
 (e) Payment from Cash Management Account . Lenders may collect any prepayment required under this Section 2.4.2 from the Cash Management Account on the day immediately following the date such prepayment is payable hereunder if Borrower fails to make such prepayment on such date. 
 2.4.3. Prepayments after Default . If, during the continuance of an Event of Default, payment of all or any part of the Debt (other than regularly scheduled payments of interest) is tendered by Borrower and accepted by Lenders or is otherwise recovered by Lenders after exercising the rights and remedies under this Agreement (including through application of any Reserve Funds), such tender or recovery shall be deemed to be a voluntary prepayment by Borrower and Borrower shall pay, as part of the Debt, all amounts required under Section 2.4.4. 
 2.4.4. Prepayment Requirements . 
 (a) On the date on which a prepayment, voluntary or mandatory, is made, Borrower shall pay to Lenders the following 
 (i) all accrued and unpaid interest calculated at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through and including the date of such prepayment 
 (ii) if the prepayment is made prior to the Yield Maintenance Date, the Yield Maintenance Premium applicable to such prepayment, other than (A) with respect to a prepayment under Section 2.4.2(a)(ii) (other than in connection with a Voluntary Action), and (B) a Transfer of a Disqualified Property (other than in connection with a Voluntary Action) to cure a Qualified Release Property Default and 
 (iii) all other sums, then due under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default, funds delivered to Lenders in connection with any prepayment shall be applied in the following order of priority (i) first, to any amounts (other than principal, interest and Yield Maintenance Premium) then due and payable under the 
 36 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Loan Documents (ii) second, interest on the principal amount being prepaid at the Interest Rate through the date of prepayment (iii) third, Yield Maintenance Premium on the principal amount being prepaid (if any) in connection with such prepayment and (iv) fourth, to principal. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, during the continuance of any Event of Default, any payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents from whatever source (including Rents collected by or on behalf of Lenders from Tenants) may be applied by Lenders among the Obligations in such order, priority and proportions as Required Lenders shall determine. 
 Section 2.5. Transfers of Properties . Borrower may Transfer any Property (each, a Release Property and Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release of Collateral Agent s interest in the Release Property from the applicable Mortgage and a release of its Lien on any Collateral located at such Property and provide Borrower, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, with any documents prepared by Borrower and delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders necessary to evidence the release of Collateral Agent s Liens on such Release Property, if the following conditions are satisfied (the Release Conditions 
 (a) The Transfer occurs more than twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (other than in connection with a Disqualified Property released at any time in order to cure a Qualified Release Property Default) 
 (b) No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of the relevant Transfer, other than if such Release Property is a Disqualified Property and each Qualified Release Property Default applicable to such Disqualified Property would be cured as a result of the release of the Disqualified Property 
 (c) Borrower shall submit to Lenders, not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) days prior to the Transfer Date, a Request for Release, together with all attachments thereto and evidence reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders that the Release Conditions will be satisfied upon the consummation of such Transfer provided, however, that as to any release of a Disqualified Property to cure a Qualified Release Property Default, such notice shall be given within ten (10) Business Days after the occurrence of the first Qualified Release Property Default with respect to such Property, and the Transfer Date shall be not later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter 
 (d) the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date, after giving pro forma effect for the elimination of the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the applicable Release Property (if applicable) and reduction of Debt Service as calculated by Lender pursuant to this Section 2.5(d), is at least equal to the greater of (i) the Required DSCR and (ii) the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 (e) the Release Property shall be Transferred to a Person who is not a Relevant Party or an Affiliate of a Relevant Party, pursuant to a bona fide all-cash sale on arms-length terms and conditions except that if the Transfer and release is to cure a Qualified Release Property Default, then the 
 37 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Release Property may be Transferred to a Person who is an Affiliate of Borrower or Equity Owner but is not a direct or indirect subsidiary of either of them, for consideration then paid in cash equal to not less than the appraised value of the Property, as determined by an Appraisal commissioned by Required Lenders 
 (f) on the Transfer Date, Borrower shall pay to Lenders the applicable Release Amount together with the amounts required by Section 2.4.4, which aggregate amount shall be transferred directly to Lenders by the closing title company or escrow agent for the Transfer 
 (g) Borrower shall submit to Collateral Agent and Lenders not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Transfer Date, a draft release for the applicable Mortgage (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Release Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Release Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Release Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which the Release Property is located and which shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders and in addition, Borrower shall provide all other documentation of a ministerial or administrative nature that Collateral Agent or Required Lenders reasonably require to be delivered by Borrower in connection with such release or assignment, and Collateral Agent, at the written direction of Required Lenders, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, shall deliver to Borrower all documents which Borrower prepares and delivers to Collateral Agent and Lenders and which documents are necessary for the release of all Liens on the Release Properties 
 (h) Borrower shall pay all Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) of Lenders, Collateral Agent and or Servicer in connection with the release and, in addition, the current reasonable and customary fee being assessed by Servicer to effect the release and 
 (i) No later than the close of business on the Transfer Date, Borrower shall provide written notice of the Transfer of the Release Property to Lenders. 
 If a Disqualified Property is released in accordance with the conditions set forth in this Section 2.5, then the release of such Property shall be deemed to cure each potential Event of Default that relates solely to such Disqualified Property (a Qualified Release Property Default ). 
 Section 2.6. Increased Costs . If as a result of any Regulatory Change or compliance of a Lender therewith, the basis of taxation of payments to a Lender or any company in Control of a Lender of the principal of or interest on the Loan is changed or a Lender or the company in Control of a Lender shall be subject to (i) any Tax (other than Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (ii) any reserve, special deposit, capital, liquidity or similar requirements relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities, of such Lender or any company in Control of such Lender is imposed, modified or deemed applicable or (iii) any amount receivable by such 
 38 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Lender or any company in Control of such Lender hereunder in respect of any portion of the Loan to Borrower is reduced, in each case by an amount reasonably deemed by such Lender in good faith to be material (such increases in cost and reductions in amounts receivable being herein called Increased Costs ), then such Lender shall provide notice thereof to Borrower and Borrower agrees that it will pay to such Lender within ten (10) Business Days following such Lender s written request such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or any company in Control of such Lender for such Increased Costs to the extent such Lender reasonably determines that such Increased Costs are allocable to the Loan provided , that such Lender seeks equivalent payments on a generally uniform basis from all similarly situated borrowers and extensions of credit. If a Lender requests compensation under this Section 2.6, such Lender shall, if requested by notice by Borrower to such Lender, furnish to Borrower a statement setting forth the basis for requesting such compensation and the method for determining the amount thereof provided , that in any event such Lender s method for determining any amount payable to such Lender pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be substantially similar to the method used by such Lender in implementing similar provisions for similarly situated borrowers and extensions of credit. 
 Section 2.7. Taxes . 
 2.7.1. Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Legal Requirements. If any Legal Requirement (as determined in the good faith discretion of Borrower) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by Borrower, then Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Legal Requirements and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.7) each Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 2.7.2. Indemnification by Borrower . Borrower shall indemnify each Lender, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.7) payable or paid by such Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. If Borrower has reimbursed such Lender for the amount withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and such Lender later receives reimbursement from the relevant Governmental Authority of such indemnified amount, then such Lender shall credit the amount reimbursed to the Debt, if any part of the Debt is outstanding at such time. 
 2.7.3. Payment of Indemnified Taxes . 
 39 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(a) Borrower shall pay (i) to the applicable Governmental Authority as and when due all Indemnified Taxes, in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, and (ii) to each applicable Lender, within ten (10) Business Days after written request by such Lender, all other Indemnified Taxes. Promptly following written request by a Lender, Borrower shall deliver to such Lender evidence, reasonably satisfactory to such Lender, of payment of Indemnified Taxes. 
 (b) A Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Taxes with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, a Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements or reasonably requested by Borrower as will enable Borrower to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.7.3(b)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in such Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Taxes pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Taxes pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 40 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate in such form as requested by Borrower to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner or is a partnership, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and or other certification documents in such form as requested by Borrower, from or on behalf of each beneficial owner, or IRS Form W-9 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Taxes, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements to permit Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower at the time or times prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower such documentation prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as may be necessary for Borrower to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (d) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.7.3 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.7.3), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this 
 41 
 DB1 149149761.5 

paragraph (d) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (d), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (d) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Taxes subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Taxes had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 2.7.3, the term applicable Legal Requirements includes FATCA. 
 2.7.4. Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.7 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 Article 3 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 Section 3.1. Conditions to Making the Loan on the Closing Date . The obligation of Lenders to make the Loan hereunder is subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth below, in each case subject to each Lender s satisfaction 
 (a) Execution of Loan Documents . Lenders shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by Borrower, (ii) counterparts of each Collateral Document, executed by a duly authorized officer of the applicable Loan Parties and each other Person party thereto, as applicable, (iii) counterparts of any other Loan Documents, executed by a duly authorized officer of the applicable Relevant Parties and each other Person party thereto and (iv) counterparts of the Diligence Agent Agreement, executed by a duly authorized officer of the Diligence Agent. 
 (b) Officer s Certificate . Lenders shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer dated the Closing Date, certifying as to the organizational documents of each Relevant Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), the resolutions of the governing body of each Relevant Party authorizing, as applicable, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, the good standing, existence or its equivalent of each Relevant Party and of the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Relevant Party. 
 42 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(c) Legal Opinions of Counsel . Lenders shall have received an opinion or opinions of counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date and addressed to Lenders, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. 
 (d) Financial Statements . Lenders shall have received copies of the financial statements and reporting requested by Required Lenders and referred to in Section 5.31, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders. 
 (e) Personal Property Collateral . Lenders shall have received, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders 
 (i) (A) searches of UCC filings in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Relevant Party and each jurisdiction where any Collateral is located or where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of Lenders, (B) copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens and (C) tax lien, pending litigation, judgment and bankruptcy searches 
 (ii) completed UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in Required Lenders sole discretion, to perfect Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of Lenders and 
 (iii) evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that Collateral Agent is in receipt of stock or membership certificates evidencing the equity interests in Borrower and undated stock or transfer powers duly executed by Equity Owner in blank. 
 (f) Real Property Collateral . Lenders shall have received, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders 
 (i) an Underwriting Package for Properties with Aggregate Appraised Value of no less than TBD 
 (ii) a Mortgage, duly executed and acknowledged by Borrower in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, together with a commitment for a Title Insurance Policy insuring the n Lien of such Mortgage and 
 (iii) all other documents, certificates, resolutions, instruments and agreements provided for herein or which Required Lenders may reasonably request or require in respect of such Properties. 
 (g) Insurance . Lenders shall have received copies of insurance policies, declaration pages and certificates evidencing liability, casualty, property and business interruption insurance meeting the requirements set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents or as required by Required Lenders. 
 43 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(h) Diligence Agent Certification . Lenders shall have received a Diligence Agent Certification and all other information required pursuant to Article 2. 
 (i) Reserves . Borrower shall have deposited into the applicable Reserves all amounts required to be deposited therein pursuant to Section 7.3. 
 (j) Consents . Lenders shall have received evidence that all members, boards of directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the entering into of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been obtained. 
 (k) Fees and Expenses . Lenders shall have received the Origination Fee, together with all fees and expenses, if any, owing pursuant to Section 5.20. 
 (l) Due Diligence . Each Lender shall have completed its due diligence investigation of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in scope, and with results, satisfactory to such Lender. 
 (m) Other Documents . All other documents provided for herein or which Required Lenders may reasonably request or require. 
 (n) Additional Information . Such additional information and materials which Required Lenders may reasonably request or require. 
 Article 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 4.1. General Representations . Borrower, and by their joinder hereto, Equity Owner and Parent, each represents and warrants to each Lender (for itself only) as of the Closing Date that, except to the extent (if any) disclosed on Schedule IV with reference to a specific subsection of this Section 4.1 
 4.1.1. Organization . Each Relevant Party, since its date of formation (a) is and has been duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (other than Parent which is, and always has been, duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Maryland), (b) is and has duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so, and (c) had and has all requisite power and authority and all rights, licenses, permits and authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary to entitle it to own its properties and to transact the businesses in which it is engaged. The sole business of Borrower has been and is the acquisition, renovation, rehabilitation, ownership, holding, sale, lease, transfer, exchange, management and operation of the Properties and, solely for periods prior to the Closing Date, any Previously-Owned Properties and the sole business of Equity Owner has been and is to act as the Sole Member of Borrower, including, providing the Equity Owner Guaranty and the Equity Owner Security Agreement. 
 44 
 DB1 149149761.5 

4.1.2. Proceedings Enforceability . The Loan Documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of each Relevant Party that is a party thereto and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Relevant Party, enforceable against each such Relevant Party in accordance with their respective terms, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). The Loan Documents are not subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense by any Relevant Party including the defense of usury, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render the Loan Documents unenforceable (subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law)), and Borrower has not asserted any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense with respect thereto. 
 4.1.3. No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of the respective Loan Documents by each Relevant Party a party thereto (a) will not contravene such Relevant Party s governing documents, (b) will not result in any violation of the provisions of any Legal Requirement, (c) will not conflict with or result in a breach or default under any agreement or instrument to which any Relevant Party is a party or to which any Relevant Party s property or assets is subject, and (d) will not result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any assets of any Relevant Party, except for Liens created under the Loan Documents. 
 4.1.4. Litigation . There are no orders, injunctions, decrees, judgments, actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority or other entity now pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened, against or affecting any Relevant Party or any Property, except as disclosed on Schedule IV. Borrower is not involved in any dispute with any taxing authority. All information with respect to the foregoing that has been provided to Lenders by any Relevant Party or Affiliate thereof is true and complete in all material respects as of the date such information was provided. No such matter disclosed on Schedule IV (a) involves any of the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby or (b) if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or, with respect to the Properties as of the Closing Date, an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to any Property. 
 4.1.5. Consents . Any consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority or other Person that is required for the execution, delivery and performance by each Relevant Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party has been obtained and is in full force and effect. 
 4.1.6. Agreements . No Relevant Party is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction (other than Permitted Liens) which has had or would reasonably be expected to 
 45 
 DB1 149149761.5 

have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, no Relevant Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of its material obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document, and, to the knowledge of Borrower, no other Person is in default, in any material respect, of any of its obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document. As of any date that this representation is updated by Borrower, no Relevant Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of its obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document that has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect, and, to the knowledge or Borrower, no other Person is in default, in any material respect, of any of its obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document. No Loan Party has any material financial obligations other than under the Loan Documents and the Management Agreement. No Property nor any part thereof is subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal to purchase, rights of first offer to purchase or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or any other Person. 
 4.1.7. Solvency . Each Relevant Party (a) has received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations under the respective Loan Documents to which it is a party and (b) has not entered into the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or executed any Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any creditor. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, each Relevant Party is Solvent. In the last seven years, there has not occurred any Event of Bankruptcy in respect of any Relevant Party. No Relevant Party is contemplating an Event of Bankruptcy and to Borrower s knowledge no other Person is contemplating an Event of Bankruptcy in respect of any Relevant Party. 
 4.1.8. Employee Benefit Matters . Neither any Relevant Party nor any ERISA Affiliate of any Relevant Party has incurred or could be subjected to any liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 430 of the Code or maintains or contributes to, or is or has been required to maintain or contribute to, any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or Part III of Subchapter D, Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or substantially similar provisions under federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations. With respect to each multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 414(f) of the Code or Section 3(37) of ERISA) to which any Relevant Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates is or has been required to make a contribution, each Relevant Party and all of its ERISA Affiliates have satisfied all required contributions and installments on or before the applicable due dates and have not incurred a complete or partial withdrawal under Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA. 
 4.1.9. Compliance with Legal Requirements . To Borrower s knowledge, each Relevant Party and each Property (including the leasing, management and collections practices and the use of each Property) is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements including building and zoning ordinances and codes and all certifications, permits, licenses, consents and approvals 
 46 
 DB1 149149761.5 

required for the legal leasing, use, occupancy and operation of each Property and to the extent Required Lenders have reason to believe that there has been any non-compliance with Legal Requirements, upon Required Lenders request, Borrower shall provide Lenders with reasonable proof of compliance with such Legal Requirements. No Relevant Party is in default or violation of any order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any Governmental. With respect to each Property, there are no orders, injunctions, decrees or judgments outstanding with respect to such Property that would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property. There is no required certification, permit, license, consent, approval, order or authorization of, and no filing with or notice to, any court or Governmental Authority related to the leasing, use, occupancy and operation of any Property that has not been obtained. There has not been committed by Borrower or by any other Person in occupancy of or involved with the operation, use or leasing of any Property any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against such Property or any part thereof. None of the Properties has been purchased with proceeds of any illegal activity. The Relevant Parties have implemented appropriate processes and procedures to comply with the federal Fair Housing Act of 1986 and other applicable non-discrimination Legal Requirements and, without limitation of the foregoing, the leasing, management and collection practices (including the determination of Rents and eviction procedures) used by each Relevant Party, and property managers and sub contract managers, in respect of any Section 8 Housing Tenants with respect to any Properties are and have been no less favorable to such Section 8 Housing Tenants than the leasing, management and collection practices (including the determination of Rents and eviction procedures) applicable to similarly situated Tenants that are not Section 8 Housing Tenants. 
 4.1.10. Indebtedness . Borrower has no Indebtedness outstanding other than Permitted Indebtedness. Equity Owner has no Indebtedness outstanding other than Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness. 
 4.1.11. Property Title . Borrower has good and marketable fee simple legal and equitable title to the real property comprising each Property, free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens. Each Property is comprised of one (1) or more parcels which constitute separate tax lots and do not constitute a portion of any other tax lot not a part of such Property. The grant of the security interest in the Collateral by Borrower to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders is in the ordinary course of Borrower s business and is not subject to the bulk transfer or similar laws. Schedule V accurately and completely discloses, (a) the chief executive office and the location of Borrower s records regarding the Collateral, (b) Borrower s legal name, and each other name by which Borrower has been known since its formation, including prior legal names, and any tradenames, fictitious names, or doing business as names, and (c) Borrower s federal employer identification number and Delaware organizational identification number. 
 4.1.12. Property Condition Renovation Standards . Each Property is in a good, safe and habitable condition and repair, and free of and clear of any damage or waste that may have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property. Since being acquired by Borrower, no Property has been 
 47 
 DB1 149149761.5 

condemned in whole or in part. With respect to each Property, no part of such Property represents condemned property. No proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Manager or Borrower, threatened in writing, for the condemnation of a Property. With respect to each Stabilized Property, (i) at the commencement of the related Lease, such Property satisfied the Renovation Standards and all renovations thereto have been conducted in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, in all material respects and (ii) construction of the Improvements is complete. 
 4.1.13. Leasing . Except as set forth on Schedule IV (a) the Properties are leased by Borrower to Eligible Tenants pursuant to Eligible Leases, and each such Lease is in full force and effect and is not in default as to payment nor, to any Relevant Party s knowledge, in any other material respect (b) no Leases (written or oral) exist for any Property except for Eligible Leases previously delivered to Lenders (c) all Leases substantially conform to the form Lease attached as Exhibit J and are freely assignable without the consent of the Tenant (d) no Person (other than Borrower) has any possessory interest in any Property or right to occupy the same except for the Tenants under and pursuant to such Eligible Leases (e) Borrower has delivered to Lenders true and complete copies of all Leases, and there are no material oral agreements with respect thereto and (f) no Advance Rent for any Property has been paid and no right to free rent, partial rent, rebate of rent or other payments, credits, allowances or abatements have been given or are required to be given to any Tenant. To Borrower s knowledge, (x) except as set forth on Schedule IV, each Property is being used exclusively as a residential rental property and (y) no illegal activity has taken place on any Property since the date that Borrower acquired such Property. 
 4.1.14. Utilities and Public Access . Each Property has rights of access to public ways and is served by (a) electricity (b) water, (c) sewer or septic system, and (d) storm drain facilities adequate to service such Property for its intended uses and all public utilities necessary or convenient to the full use and enjoyment of such Property are located either in the public right-of-way abutting such Property (which are connected so as to serve such Property without passing over other property) or in recorded easements serving such Property and such easements are set forth in and insured by the applicable Title Insurance Owner s Policy and Title Insurance Policy, and all roads necessary for the use of such Property for its intended purposes have been completed and dedicated to public use and accepted by the applicable Governmental Authorities. 
 4.1.15. Management Agreements . No Person has any right or obligation to manage, lease or collect rent from any of the Properties except Existing Manager pursuant to the Existing Management Agreement. Borrower is not party to, and none of the Properties is subject to, a Management Agreement other than the Existing Management Agreement. Borrower has delivered a true and complete copies of the Existing Management Agreement to Lenders. All fees and other compensation due and payable for services performed under the Existing Management Agreement prior to the Closing Date have been paid in full. 
 48 
 DB1 149149761.5 

4.1.16. Insurance . Borrower has obtained and delivered to Lenders certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies required under Section 6.1(a). All such Policies are in full force and effect, with all premiums prepaid thereunder. No claims have been made that are currently pending under any such Policies. Neither Borrower nor, to Borrower s knowledge, any other Person, has done, by act or omission, anything which would impair the coverage of any of the Policies. 
 4.1.17. Eminent Domain . There is no proceeding pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened, for the total or partial Condemnation of any Property or for the taking or relocation of roadways serving any Property. 
 4.1.18. Flood Zone . No Property is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, or, if so located the flood insurance required pursuant to Section 6.1(a) is in full force and effect with respect to such Property. 
 4.1.19. Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges . Borrower has filed on a timely basis all Tax returns (including all foreign, federal, state, local and other Tax returns) required to be filed by it and is not delinquent in payment of any Taxes payable by Borrower. Borrower is not liable for Taxes payable by any other Person. All transfer Taxes, deed stamps, intangible Taxes and other amounts required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the transfer of each Property to Borrower have been paid. All Taxes and governmental assessments due and owing in respect of each Property have been paid, or an escrow of funds in an amount sufficient to cover such payments has been established hereunder, and none of the same is delinquent. There are no delinquent HOA Fees or Other Charges outstanding with respect to any Property and there are no pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, proposed, special or other assessments for HOA improvements affecting any Property. 
 4.1.20. Organizational Chart . The organizational chart attached as Schedule V accurately and completely sets forth the structural relationships, identities (including entity type and jurisdiction of organization), and interests of all Persons owning (a) a direct legal or beneficial interest in each Relevant Party and (b) a direct or in indirect legal or beneficial interest in each Relevant Party in excess of ten (10 of such party s ownership interests. Other than those Persons shown on Schedule V no Person has any direct ownership interest in, or an indirect ownership interest in excess of ten percent (10 in, or right of Control of, any Relevant Party. Borrower has no subsidiaries. 
 4.1.21. Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of the Loan will be used for the purpose of purchasing or acquiring any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Margin Stock or for any other purpose which would be inconsistent with such Regulation U or any other Regulations of such Board of Governors, or for any purposes prohibited by Legal Requirements in any material respects or by the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. None of the Collateral is comprised of Margin Stock. 
 49 
 DB1 149149761.5 

4.1.22. Federal Regulations , FIRPTA , Investment Company Act . No Loan Party is a (a) bank holding company or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a bank holding company as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and Regulation Y thereunder of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or (b) foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445(f)(3) of the Code. No Loan Party or any Person controlling such Loan Party (including Parent), is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 4.1.23. Patriot Act . Neither any Relevant Party nor any Affiliate of a Relevant Party nor, to the knowledge of any Relevant Party or Affiliate of a Relevant Party, any owner of more than a ten percent (10 direct or indirect interest in any Relevant Party (a) is listed on any Government Lists, (b) is a Person who has been determined by competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions contained in Presidential Executive Order No. 13224 (Sept. 23, 2001) or any other similar prohibitions contained in any Prescribed Laws, including, without limitation, the rules and regulations of OFAC or in any enabling legislation or other Presidential Executive Orders in respect thereof, (c) has been previously indicted for or convicted of any felony involving a crime or crimes of moral turpitude or for any Patriot Act Offense (as hereinafter defined), or (d) is currently under investigation by any Governmental Authority for alleged criminal activity. Patriot Act Offense means any violation of the criminal laws of the United States of America or of any of the several states, or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United States of America or any of the several states, relating to terrorism or the laundering of monetary instruments, including any offense under (i) the Prescribed Laws or any criminal laws against terrorism (ii) the criminal laws against money laundering, (iii) the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (iv) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, or (v) the Patriot Act. Patriot Act Offense also includes the crimes of conspiracy to commit, or aiding and abetting another to commit, a Patriot Act Offense. Borrower shall provide evidence as reasonably requested by Required Lenders from time to time, to confirm compliance with the Prescribed Laws. 
 4.1.24. Accuracy of Information . No documents or information heretofore delivered by, or on behalf of any Relevant Party to Lenders in respect of the Properties or the Relevant Parties, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make statements contained therein not misleading (except that the foregoing representation, as it relates to any title policy, Appraisal, property condition report, environmental report or similar third party report delivered to Lenders in connection with the closing of the Loan, shall be limited to Borrower s knowledge). All financial data that have been delivered to Lenders in connection with the Loan (a) are true, complete and correct in all material respects, (b) accurately represent in all material respects the financial condition of the Properties as of the date of such reports, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP throughout the periods covered, except as disclosed therein. Borrower has provided Lenders with complete financial statements that reflect a fair and accurate view of Borrower s financial condition. Borrower has no material liabilities relating to any Previously-Owned Properties and has disclosed to Lenders in writing each event, condition and contingent liability, if any, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or Individual Material Adverse Effect. All information with respect to such Property included in the Data Tape is true, complete and accurate in all material respects. The Underwriting Package for each Property has been delivered to Lenders and there is no Deficiency with respect to such Underwriting Package. 
 50 
 DB1 149149761.5 

4.1.25. Home Characteristics . Each Property consists of a single family detached home or townhome which, unless otherwise agreed to by Required Lenders in writing, conforms to the Target Property Criteria. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, no more than fifteen percent (15.0 of the Properties at any time may be two- to four-family detached homes. 
 4.1.26. Title Insurance . Borrower has delivered to Lenders either (a) a Title Insurance Owner s Policy insuring fee simple ownership of such Property by Borrower in an amount equal to or greater than the initial Allocated Loan Amount of the Property, issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens or (b) a marked or initialed binding commitment that is effective as a Title Insurance Owner s Policy in respect of such Property in an amount equal to or greater than the initial Allocated Loan Amount of the Property, issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens, which commitment shall be accompanied by such other affidavits, transfer declarations and other documents as are necessary for the recordation of the deed for such Property and issuance of such Title Insurance Owner s Policy. 
 4.1.27. Deed . Borrower has delivered to Lenders a copy of a deed for such Property conveying the Property to Borrower, with vesting in the actual name of Borrower, and Borrower hereby certifies that such Property s deed has been recorded or presented to and accepted for recording by the applicable title insurance company issuing the related Title Insurance Owner s Policy or binding commitment referred to in Section 4.1.26, with all fees, premiums and deed stamps and other transfer taxes paid. 
 4.1.28. Brokers . There is no commission or other compensation payable to any broker or finder in connection with the purchase of any Property by Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower that has not been paid. 
 4.1.29. Property Pool Characteristics . The Properties consist of individual properties. Schedule VII (as the same may be updated by Borrower from time to time by delivery to Lenders) is a true, complete and accurate list of all HOA Properties, if any, and the HOAs affecting such HOA Properties, including the notice address of the HOAs pertaining to such HOA Properties, if any. Other than as set forth on Schedule VII, none of the single family homes are subject to an HOA or a housing development area built by a specific developer and subject to specified criteria (such as HOA Fees), as established by the developer with permission from the applicable Governmental Authority that determined the private and common areas and building guidelines for residential housing within such area in lieu of what would otherwise be allowed by local zoning laws. No more than ten percent (10 of the Properties are, or shall be, HOA Properties. 
 4.1.30. Mortgages . The Mortgages, when properly recorded in the appropriate records, together with any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements to be filed in connection therewith, will create (a) valid, perfected first priority Liens on the Properties and the Rents therefrom, enforceable as such against creditors of Borrower, subject only to Permitted Liens, and (b) perfected security interests 
 51 
 DB1 149149761.5 

in and to, and perfected collateral assignments of, all personalty referred to therein (including the Leases to the extent the same are personal property under applicable Legal Requirements), subject only to Permitted Liens. With respect to each Property, the Permitted Liens with respect to such Property, in the aggregate, do not have a material adverse effect on the value, use or operation of such Property or the enforceability, validity or perfection of the lien of the applicable Mortgage. All mortgage, mortgage recording, stamp, intangible or other similar tax required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or enforcement of any Mortgages with respect to such Property have been paid (to the extent applicable). 
 Section 4.2. Survival of Representations . The representations and warranties set forth in this Article 4 and elsewhere in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall (a) be made as of the Closing Date (or the date of any updated certificate delivered by Borrower) but any claim for breach of representation or warranty shall survive until the Debt has been paid in full and (b) be deemed to have been relied upon by Lenders notwithstanding any investigation heretofore or hereafter made by s Lender or on such Lender s behalf. 
 Article 5 COVENANTS 
 Section 5.1. Compliance with Laws, Etc . Borrower shall, and shall cause each Relevant Party to, at all times conduct their businesses, including the ownership, leasing and operation of the Properties, in compliance with all Legal Requirements, and shall keep in full force and effect all licenses, permits, consents and approvals (including certificates of occupancy) necessary for the same, except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect and to the extent Required Lenders have to reason to believe that there has been any non-compliance with Legal Requirements, upon Required Lenders request, Borrower shall provide Lenders with reasonable proof of compliance with such Legal Requirements. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Relevant Party to, not commit or suffer to be committed any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against any Property or any part thereof. 
 Section 5.2. Preservation of Entity Existence . Borrower shall and shall cause Equity Owner to (a) be a single member Delaware limited liability company, (b) comply with all procedures required by its organizational documents, (c) maintain its entity existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the State of Delaware and (d) qualify and remain in good standing in each other jurisdiction where the same is required under applicable Legal Requirements, except where failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.3. Dissolution, Merger, Consolidation, Division, Etc . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to (i) engage in any dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, division or merger with or into any other Person, (ii) engage in any business activity other than the business activity of such Loan Party described on Schedule V or otherwise herein, (iii) transfer, lease or sell, in one transaction or any combination of transactions, the assets or all or substantially all of the properties or assets of 
 52 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Borrower or Equity Owner except to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents, or (iv) modify, amend, waive or terminate its organizational documents or its qualification and good standing in any jurisdiction, in each case, without obtaining the prior written consent of Required Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Upon Required Lenders request, Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, execute and deliver additional security agreements and other instruments which are necessary to effectively evidence or perfect Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral as a result of such change of principal place of business or place of organization. Each Relevant Party shall keep its books and records, including recorded data of any kind or nature, including software, writings, plans, specifications and schematics, at its chief executive office or other addresses identified in writing by Borrower to Lenders (in each case other than obsolete or duplicate files sent for offsite storage or books and records held by Manager in accordance with the Management Agreement). At the request of Required Lenders (but not more than once in any twelve month period), Borrower shall execute a certificate in form reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders listing the trade names under which Borrower intends to operate the Property, and representing and warranting that Borrower does business under no other trade name with respect to the Property. 
 Section 5.4. Indebtedness . Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (a) the Debt and (b) unsecured trade payables that (i) are incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership and operation of the Properties, including, without limitation, taxes not yet due or payable, (ii) are not evidenced by a note, (iii) do not exceed, at any time, two percent (2.0 of the original principal amount of the Loan and (iv) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred (collectively, Permitted Indebtedness ). Borrower shall cause Equity Owner not to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (A) Indebtedness incurred under the Equity Owner Guaranty and (B) unsecured trade payables that (1) are incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership of its membership interest in Borrower, (2) are not evidenced by a note, (3) do not exceed, at any time, 10,000.00 and (4) are paid within thirty (30) days after the date incurred (collectively, Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness ). 
 Section 5.5. Title Liens against Collateral . Borrower shall take all necessary action to vest and retain legal and equitable title to the Properties and related Collateral irrevocably in Borrower, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. Borrower shall warrant and defend (a) the title to each Property and every part thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens and (b) the validity and priority of the Liens of the Mortgages, if any, on the Properties, subject only to Permitted Liens, in each case against the claims of all Persons whomsoever. Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any interest in any Collateral except for Permitted Liens provided, that Borrower shall have the right to contest any Liens that are not voluntary liens (such as mechanics liens) pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.8. 
 Section 5.6. Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, timely (which may occur pursuant to lawful extensions) file all returns and reports that it is 
 53 
 DB1 149149761.5 

required by Legal Requirements to file with respect to any Taxes. Subject to Section 5.8, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, pay or cause to be paid (a) in a timely manner prior to delinquency all Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges now or hereafter levied, assessed or imposed on it or on any of the Properties and shall deliver to Lenders receipts for the payment of Taxes, HOA Fees and material Other Charges and (b) shall promptly pay for all utility services provided to each Property as they become due and payable (other than any such utilities, which are, pursuant to the terms of any Lease, required to be paid by the Tenant thereunder directly to the applicable service provider). Borrower covenants and agrees that in no event shall more than ten percent (10 of the Properties be HOA Properties. 
 Section 5.7. No Joint Assessment . Borrower shall not suffer, permit or initiate the joint assessment of any Property with (a) any other real property constituting a tax lot separate from the applicable Property, or (b) any portion of the applicable Property which may be deemed to constitute personal property, or any other procedure whereby the Lien of any Taxes which may be levied against any such personal property shall be assessed or levied or charged to the applicable Property. 
 Section 5.8. Right to Contest Legal Requirements, Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges . Notwithstanding Section 5.1 and Section 5.6, after prior written notice to Lenders, a Loan Party may contest by appropriate legal proceedings conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the applicability of any Legal Requirement, or the amount or validity of any Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges and, in such event, may permit the Legal Requirement, Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges being so contested to remain unsatisfied or unpaid during such contest so long as (a) if an Event of Default shall exist, the Loan Parties shall be current in the payment of all Obligations and all other obligations, (b) such proceeding shall be permitted under and conducted in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (c) neither any Property or other Collateral nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, canceled or lost, as determined by Required Lenders in good faith, (d) enforcement of the contested Legal Requirement, Taxes, HOA Fees or Other Charges is effectively stayed for the entire duration of such contest, (e) any Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts in connection with such Legal Requirements determined to be due, together with any interest or penalties thereon, shall be promptly paid as required after final resolution of such contest, (f) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, (g) if required by Required Lenders, Borrower shall deposit into the Cash Management Account for application to the applicable reserves cash security in an amount reasonably determined by Required Lenders to be sufficient to insure the payment of such Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts, together with all interest and penalties thereon, (h) failure to comply with such Legal Requirements or to pay such Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts will not, as determined by Required Lenders, present an unreasonable risk of any civil or criminal liability to a Lender or any Material Adverse Effect or Individual Material Adverse Effect, (i) such contest shall not affect the ownership, use or occupancy of any Property or other Collateral, and (j) Borrower shall, upon request by Required Lenders, give Lenders prompt notice of the status of such proceedings and or confirmation of the continuing satisfaction of the conditions set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with all Legal Requirements and pay any contested Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts (or, if 
 54 
 DB1 149149761.5 

cash or other security has been provided, Required Lenders may cause any such cash or other security to be paid to the claimant) if, in Required Lenders reasonable judgment, any of the foregoing conditions is not satisfied at any time or there shall be any danger of the Lien of any Collateral Document being primed. 
 Section 5.9. Business and Operations . Borrower at all times shall, directly or through Manager, continuously engage in the businesses of ownership, leasing, maintenance, management and operation of the Properties. Borrower at all times shall own or lease all equipment, fixtures and personal property which are necessary to operate the Properties. Borrower shall not engage in any business activity other than the ownership, leasing, maintenance, management, operation and permitted sale of the Properties, performance of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the conduct of lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing. Borrower shall not own any real property other than the Properties and shall not own any personal property other than personal property necessary or incidental to its ownership and operation of the Properties. Borrower agrees that (i) the purpose of the Loan is for business and or commercial purposes only, (ii) the Loan is not for personal, family or household use, (iii) no Property is used or will be used as a residence or second home of any direct or indirect holder of more than twenty percent (20 of the equity interests in Borrower or any family member (ancestors, spouse or lineal descendants) thereof and (iv) the Properties are an investment to be held for future appreciation and will be rented. Borrower shall cause Equity Owner not to engage in any business activity other than the acting as the Sole Member of Borrower and performance of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the conduct of lawful business that it incidental, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing. Borrower shall cause Equity Owner not to own any assets other than its membership interest in Borrower. 
 Section 5.10. Condition and Operation of the Properties . Except if a Property has suffered a Casualty and is in the process of being restored in accordance with Section 6.4, Borrower shall keep and maintain each Property in a good, safe and habitable condition and state of repair in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements in all material respects. Without limitation, Borrower shall timely cause to be made all necessary repairs and replacements to each Property. Borrower shall not commit or permit any waste on any Property that would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect, nor take any action that might invalidate any insurance carried on any of the Properties (and Borrower shall promptly correct any such actions of which Borrower becomes aware). Borrower will promptly pay (or cause to be paid) when due all Operating Expenses and Capital Expenditures necessary for the operation of the Properties. Borrower shall (i) observe and perform (or cause Manager to perform on its behalf) in all material respects obligations imposed upon the lessor under the Leases for its Properties in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with residential real estate manager best practices and all applicable Legal Requirements. 
 Section 5.11. Compliance with Agreements and Property Documents . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, enter into any agreement or instrument or become subject to any restriction which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual 
 55 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Material Adverse Effect. Borrower shall observe and perform in all material respects each and every term to be observed or performed by Borrower pursuant to the terms of any agreement to which Borrower is a party and each Property Document. Borrower shall enforce in a commercially reasonable manner the performance and observance of each and every agreement to which Borrower is a party, including, without limitation the performance of any payment obligations under each Property Document (except to the extent the failure to enforce any such covenants in such Property Documents (other than payment obligations) would not cause a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect), shall do all things reasonably necessary to preserve and to keep unimpaired its material rights thereunder and cause each Property to be operated in accordance therewith. Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of Required Lenders, consent to the increase of the amount of any charges payable by Borrower under any Property Document or the reduction of any material right of Borrower thereunder (except to the extent such increase in the amount of charges payable by Borrower or reduction of material rights would not cause a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect). Neither such Property nor any part thereof shall be subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or other third parties. During the continuance of an Event of Default Borrower shall not exercise any rights, make any decisions, grant any approvals or otherwise take any action under the Property Documents without Required Lenders prior written consent. 
 Section 5.12. Property Management . 
 (a) Borrower at all times shall provide competent and responsible management for the Properties by a Qualified Manager pursuant to the Existing Management Agreement or a Replacement Management Agreement and all Legal Requirements. Without Required Lenders prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and shall be deemed given if the Existing Management Agreement is amended only to add or delete any one or more Properties) both as to the form of the Management Agreement and the identity of Manager, Borrower shall not enter into, materially modify, amend or terminate the Management Agreement, or permit any change in control or identity of Manager, or otherwise retain or terminate the services of any property management company. Without limitation, each Management Agreement shall provide (i) that the compensation to Manager shall not exceed the Management Fee Cap (unless Required Lenders otherwise approve in writing greater compensation) (ii) except for the Existing Management Agreement, that the Management Agreement shall be terminable at Borrower s option without penalty or premium (including without any transition or termination fees or expenses) on thirty (30) days notice or if required pursuant to the Loan Documents and (iii) that, in the event the Management Agreement is terminated for any reason, Manager will continue to perform its duties thereunder (so long as such Manager continues to be paid thereunder) unless and until a replacement Qualified Manager is appointed. Any action or inaction of Manager within the scope of the rights and obligations of Borrower that are delegated to Manager under the Management Agreement shall be deemed attributed to Borrower for purposes of determining compliance with or Default under the Loan Documents. Borrower shall (x) in a commercially reasonable manner, perform all of its obligations and enforce all material obligations of Manager under the Management Agreement and 
 56 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(y) promptly notify Lenders of any material default under the Management Agreement of which it is aware. 
 (b) Lenders shall have the right to terminate a Management Agreement and require Borrower to replace Manager and enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with a Qualified Manager if any of the following occurs (i) an Event of Default, (ii) any material default by Manager under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable cure period, (iii) in connection with any of the Properties or the Management Agreement, Manager is grossly negligent or commits any act of fraud or willful misconduct, misappropriates funds or violates any criminal law that could reasonably be expected to result in a forfeiture of any portion of the Collateral, (iv) an Event of Bankruptcy occurs with respect to Manager or (v) a Material Adverse Effect occurs as a result of actions taken by such Manager. Borrower shall select the replacement Qualified Manager and enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with the replacement Qualified Manager within sixty (60) days of Required Lenders demand to replace Manager provided that if (x) a Material Adverse Effect described in the immediately preceding clause or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) Manager being replaced is an Affiliate of Borrower or (z) Borrower fails to enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with a replacement Qualified Manager within said period of sixty (60) days, then Required Lenders shall have the right to select the replacement Qualified Manager. At the time the Replacement Management Agreement is executed, Borrower shall cause (and Required Lenders shall have the right to cause) the Qualified Manager to execute and deliver an Assignment of Management Agreement and such other documents as Required Lenders shall require to implement the purposes of the Loan Documents, all in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders. Borrower hereby grants to Lenders an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, to enter into the foregoing agreements and documents on behalf of Borrower if Borrower fails to do so within five (5) Business Days of written demand by Required Lenders. 
 Section 5.13. Leasing . Borrower shall not enter into any Lease (including any renewal or extension of any existing Lease) with respect to any Property unless such Lease is an Eligible Lease with an Eligible Tenant. Borrower shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, perform the obligations of the lessor under all Leases, and enforce the obligations of the Tenants under such Leases. Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, comply in all material respects with all Legal Requirements in respect of leasing practices. 
 Section 5.14. Security Deposits . 
 (a) Within three (3) Business Days after receipt of any security deposit, Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, deposit the same (except only as provided below with respect to combined payments) into one or more (if more than one, only the minimum number required by Legal Requirements) Eligible Accounts in Borrower s name or the applicable Manager s name for safe keeping of security deposits (each a Security Deposit Account ). Except only for deposits of de minimis Borrower funds to maintain a minimum balance or to pay fees of the bank at which the Security Deposit Account is maintained, Borrower shall cause Manager to ensure that no funds from any source shall be deposited into a Security Deposit Account other than security deposits (whether or not such security deposits are from Properties or otherwise) and interest paid thereon, and no funds shall be withdrawn except, in accordance with Legal Requirements, (i) to pay refunds of security deposits, (ii) to pay (or reimburse for payment of) expenses chargeable against security deposits, or (iii) to transfer forfeited 
 57 
 DB1 149149761.5 

security deposits to the Rent Deposit Account. Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, maintain complete and accurate books and records of all transactions pertaining to security deposits and the Security Deposit Accounts, with sufficient detail to identify all security deposits separate and apart from other payments received from or by Tenants. Only if Borrower or Manager receives a check or other payment that combines a security deposit together with rent or other amounts owing by a Tenant, then Borrower or the applicable Manager shall deposit the combined payment into the Rent Deposit Account. 
 (b) At least five (5) days prior to each Payment Date, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders and Servicer written notice of the aggregate amount of any security deposits deposited into the Cash Management Account since the immediately preceding Payment Date (or in the case of the initial Payment Date, since the Closing Date), which notice shall identify such security deposits and request a distribution of the security deposit amount from the Cash Management Account to the Security Deposit Account pursuant to Section 7.4.1(a). 
 (c) Upon Required Lenders written request during an Event of Default, or upon a foreclosure of any Property or transfer in lieu of other remedies, Borrower shall deliver to the Cash Management Account or to another account designated by Required Lenders the security deposits applicable to such Property for safe-keeping and not for application to the Obligations. Lenders acknowledge and agree that following such delivery, Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and subject to the written direction of Required Lenders, will exercise control over the security deposits solely for the purpose of safe-keeping the Tenant security deposits and will not apply such security deposits against the Debt, except to the extent any security deposits are forfeited by the applicable Tenant pursuant to the terms of the applicable Lease, in which event such funds will be treated as collections of Rent to be available to pay any Obligations under Section 7.4.1. 
 Section 5.15. Keeping of Records and Books of Account . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, keep and maintain on a calendar year basis, in accordance with GAAP complete and accurate books and records of all transactions, revenues, income, costs and expenses in connection with the ownership and operation of the Properties, including all information reasonably necessary for the collection of Rents and other Collections and payment of its obligations. Further, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, (i) maintain systems and procedures ensuring the ability to recreate all Records in the event of destruction and (ii) maintain books and records in accordance with the applicable requirements for a Special Purpose Entity set forth herein. Lenders shall have the right from time to time (but, absent an Event of Default, not more than once in any calendar year), at Borrower s cost, during normal business hours upon reasonable prior written notice, to examine and copy any and all systems and Records of the Loan Parties and Manager at the offices of the Loan Parties or any other Person maintaining the same. Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, keep its chief place of business and chief executive office and the offices where it keeps the Records at the address(es) referred to on Schedule V or upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lenders, at any other location in the United States where all actions reasonably requested by Required Lenders to protect and perfect the interests of Collateral Agent in the Collateral have been taken and completed. 
 58 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Section 5.16. Access to Properties . Subject to the rights of Tenants, Borrower shall, without any expense to Lenders, permit and assist Lenders and their respective representatives to inspect the Properties at reasonable hours upon reasonable advance notice. 
 Section 5.17. Further Assurances . Promptly following request by Required Lenders, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, at its sole cost and expense (a) execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such documents, instruments, certificates, assignments and other writings, and do such other acts as Required Lenders may reasonably request, to correct any defects or omissions in the Loan Documents, and to grant, evidence, preserve, perfect and protect the Collateral and Collateral Agent s Liens thereupon and the priority thereof and (b) do and execute all and such further lawful and reasonable acts, conveyances and assurances for the better and more effective carrying out of the intents and purposes of the Loan Documents, as Required Lenders may reasonably require from time to time. If Borrower fails to comply with the terms of this Section 5.17, Required Lenders may, at Borrower's expense, perform Borrower's obligations for and in the name of Borrower, and Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lenders its respective attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to do so. 
 Section 5.18. Anti-Money-Laundering . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Prescribed Laws (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws and shall provide notice to Lenders, within two (2) Business Days, of any Anti-Money Laundering Law regulatory notice or action involving Borrower or Equity Owner. 
 Section 5.19. Cooperate in Legal Proceedings . Except with respect to any claim by Borrower against Lenders, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, reasonably cooperate with Lenders with respect to any proceedings before any court, board or other Governmental Authority which may in any way affect the rights of Lenders or Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents and, in connection therewith, permit Lenders, at Required Lenders election, to participate in any such proceedings. 
 Section 5.20. Costs and Expenses . 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, Borrower shall pay or, as applicable, reimburse Lenders upon receipt of notice from Lenders, for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Lenders, whether before or after the date hereof, in connection with the Loan Documents, the Obligations or the Collateral, including such costs and expenses pertaining to (i) negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance, exercise of rights, and enforcement of the Loan Documents (ii) any consents, waivers or amendments to or under the Loan Documents (iii) any requests by any Relevant Party (iv) filing and recording fees and costs (v) title insurance (including endorsements), Appraisals (vi) out-of-pocket costs of Property inspections and condition reports (vii) creation, perfection and protection of Collateral Agent s Liens in the Collateral (including title and lien searches, intangibles Taxes, personal Property Taxes, mortgage recording Taxes, due diligence expenses, travel expenses, accounting firm fees, and Lenders diligence consultant) (viii) claims, actions and proceedings involving any Relevant Party, the Loan Documents, or any Collateral (ix) all fees (including all monthly fees) and expenses of the Diligence Agent (including costs of obtaining and reviewing Appraisals), the Servicer and the Custodian with respect to the 
 59 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Loan and the Collateral (the Servicer fees are as follows monthly servicing fee of 12 per home per month and a 10,000 initial setup fee) (x) all special servicing fees, work-out, liquidation fees and other fees payable to any special servicer or lender in connection with a Default, Event of Default, an acknowledgment by Borrower that the Loan is likely to go into default, or any refinancing, restructuring, work-out or modification of the Loan and (xi) related to any Event of Bankruptcy of any Relevant Party and related ancillary proceedings and appeals. Borrower and Lenders agree that the inspections and condition reports contemplated in this Section 5.20 shall be performed by the Diligence Agent at the expense of Borrower. 
 (b) Any costs and expenses due and payable by Borrower hereunder which are not paid by Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after demand may be paid by Required Lenders from any amounts in the Cash Management Account or the Reserves, with notice thereof to Borrower. The obligations and liabilities of Borrower under this Section 5.20 shall survive repayment of the Loan and exercise by Lenders or Collateral Agent of any rights or remedies under the Loan Documents. 
 Section 5.21. Indemnity . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indemnified Persons from and against any and all Losses, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Person in any manner relating to or arising out of (a) this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the funding or maintenance of the Loan (including, any actual or alleged breach by any Relevant Party of its Obligations or any misrepresentation by such Relevant Party contained in, any Loan Document to which such Relevant Party is a party) and (b) the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loan provided, however, that this indemnity shall not be available to any Indemnified Person to the extent that such indemnified liabilities arise from the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its Affiliates, as finally determined by a non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Lender hereby waives any rights it may have to claim or recover against Borrower any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, except in reimbursement of such damages payable by such Lender to a third party. 
 Section 5.22. ERISA Matters . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner and their respective ERISA Affiliates not to, establish or be a party to any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA that is a defined benefit pension plan that is subject to Section 412 or Part III of Subchapter D, Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code. Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, engage in any transaction that would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by a Lender or Collateral Agent of any of its respective rights under the Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Borrower shall deliver to Lender such certifications or other evidence from time to time throughout the Term, as requested by Required Lenders, that (a) no Relevant Party is an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, which is subject to Title I of ERISA, or a governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA (b) no Relevant Party is subject to state statutes regulating investments and fiduciary obligations with respect to governmental plans and (c) none of the assets of a Relevant Party constitute plan assets within the meaning of 29 C.F.R 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 60 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Section 5.23. Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, enter into, or be a party to any transaction with any Affiliate of any Relevant Party except for (a) the Loan Documents (b) capital contributions by (i) Parent (directly or indirectly) to Equity Owner or (ii) Equity Owner to Borrower (c) Restricted Junior Payments which are not prohibited by Section 5.28 (d) if applicable, a Management Agreement (e) Transfers of Disqualified Properties in compliance with Section 2.5 and (f) to the extent not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement, other transactions that are disclosed in writing in advance to Lenders and that are upon fair and reasonable terms materially no less favorable to the obligor Loan Parties than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate. 
 Section 5.24. Transfers . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, cause or suffer to occur any Transfer other than the following Transfers Permitted Transfers (a) an Eligible Lease entered into in accordance with the Loan Documents (b) a Permitted Lien (c) a Transfer of a Property in accordance with Section 2.5 (d) Transfers that would not result in a Change of Control and (e) with the prior written consent of Required Lenders, any other Transfer of any direct interest in Equity Owner. Borrower shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses of Lenders in connection with such Transfer, whether or not such Transfer is approved by Required Lenders, including all reasonable fees and expenses of Lenders counsel, whether internal or outside. 
 Section 5.25. No Embargoed Persons . At all times throughout the term of the Loan, including after giving effect to any Transfers permitted under this Agreement, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, ensure that (a) none of the funds or other assets of any Relevant Party shall constitute property of, or shall be beneficially owned, directly or more than 15 indirectly, by any Person subject to trade restrictions under United States law, including, but not limited to, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated thereunder, with the result that the investment in any Relevant Party (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law (each, an Embargoed Person or that the Loan would be in violation of law, (b) no Embargoed Person shall have any interest of any nature whatsoever in any Relevant Party with the result that the investment in any Relevant Party (whether directly or more than 15 indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law, and (c) none of the funds of any Relevant Party shall be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in such Loan Party or Parent (whether directly or more than 15 indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law. 
 Section 5.26. Loan Documents . Borrower shall not, and shall cause each other Relevant Party not to, terminate, amend or otherwise modify any Loan Document, or grant or consent to any such termination, amendment, waiver or consent, except in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 Section 5.27. Limitation on Investments . Borrower shall not, and shall cause each other Loan Party not to, make or suffer to exist any loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, purchase any property or asset or make any investment (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, 
 61 
 DB1 149149761.5 

purchase of stock or securities or evidences of Indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except for acquisition of the Properties and related Collateral, Permitted Investments, Permitted Transfers, capital contributions by Equity Owner to Borrower. 
 Section 5.28. Restricted Junior Payments . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, make any Restricted Junior Payment (other than capital contributions from Equity Owner to Borrower) provided that the Loan Parties may make Restricted Junior Payments so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default or Trigger Period shall then exist or would result therefrom and (b) such Restricted Junior Payments are paid from (i) Available Cash previously released to Borrower or (ii) from capital contributions received by such Loan Party from its parent. 
 Section 5.29. Special Purpose Entity . 
 (a) Borrower at all times shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, be a Special Purpose Entity. Without limitation, Borrower at all times shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with all criteria applicable to it set forth in Exhibit C. Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, directly or indirectly make any change, amendment or modification to its governing documents, or otherwise take any action, which could result in Borrower or Equity Owner not being a Special Purpose Entity. 
 (b) Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Relevant Party to, comply in all material respects with all of the stated facts and assumptions made with respect to the Relevant Parties in each Insolvency Opinion. Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Relevant Party to, cause each entity other than a Relevant Party with respect to which an assumption is made or a fact stated in an Insolvency Opinion to comply in all material respects with all of the assumptions made and facts stated with respect to it in such Insolvency Opinion. 
 Section 5.30. Changes to Accounts . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, (a) open or permit to remain open any account for the collection of Rent and other Collections other than the Rent Deposit Account and the Cash Management Account, (b) open or permit to remain open any account for the deposit and safekeeping of security deposits other than a Security Deposit Account subject to an Assignment of Management Agreement, (c) change or permit to change any account number of the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account, (d) open or permit to remain open any sub-account of the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account or (e) permit any funds of Persons other than Borrower to be deposited or held in any of the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account. 
 Section 5.31. Reporting Covenants . Borrower shall, unless Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing, furnish or cause to be furnished to Lenders the following reports, notices and other documents 
 62 
 DB1 149149761.5 

5.31.1. Financial Reporting . Borrower shall furnish the following financial reports to Lenders 
 (a) annually, within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each calendar year, a true, complete, correct and accurate copy of Parent s audited financial statements for such period, including (i) a statement of operations (profit and loss), (ii) a statement of cash flows, (iii) a balance sheet, (iv) an aged accounts receivable report and (v) such other information or reports as shall be requested by Required Lenders, in each case prepared in reasonable detail, such audited financial statements to be accompanied by a report of an independent accountant selected by Borrower that is reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders (which report on such information shall be without (A) any qualification as to the scope of such audit or (B) a going concern or the like qualification (other than a going concern qualification that relates solely to the near term maturity of the Loan hereunder), together with a written statement of an officer of Borrower (reviewed by such accountants in the ordinary course of preparing Parent s financial statements) (x) to the effect that, in such officer has no knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or a Default and (y) if such officer has obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or Default, describing the nature thereof 
 (b) annually, within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each calendar year, a true, complete, correct and accurate copy of Borrower s unaudited financial statements for such period, including (i) a statement of operations (profit and loss), (ii) a statement of cash flows, (iii) a calculation of Underwritten Net Cash Flow prior to any adjustment of Operating Expenses by Required Lenders, (iv) a balance sheet, (v) an aged accounts receivable report, and (vi) such other information or reports as shall be requested by Required Lenders in each case certified by Borrower s chief financial officer, treasurer or equivalent officer stating that such financial statements are complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower 
 (c) within forty-five (45) days following the end of each calendar quarter, a true, complete, correct and accurate copy of each of Borrower s and Parent s unaudited financial statements for such period, including (i) a statement of operations (profit and loss), (ii) a statement of cash flows, (iii) a calculation of Underwritten Net Cash Flow, (iv) a balance sheet, (v) an aged accounts receivable report, and (vi) such other information or reports as shall be requested by Required Lenders in each case certified by Borrower s chief financial officer, treasurer or equivalent officer stating that such financial statements are complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower or Parent, as applicable provided that Borrower s reports provided pursuant to this Section 5.31.1(c) also shall include a brief description of any events or circumstances that would reasonably be likely to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Properties included in the Aggregate Collateral Value 
 (d) simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements required by clause (a) or clause (b) above, a duly completed Compliance Certificate, with appropriate insertions, containing the data and calculations set forth on Exhibit E and 
 63 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(e) as soon as available and in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each the first three calendar quarters and ninety (90) days after the end of the fourth calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2024, Parent shall provide Lenders with evidence of Parent s Net Assets as evidenced by an Officer s Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer accompanied by such supporting documentation as may be reasonably requested by Required Lenders. 
 5.31.2. Reporting on Adverse Effects . Within five (5) Business Days after Borrower obtains knowledge of the occurrence of any event or circumstance that has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or give rise to litigation which, if adversely determined, would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof that includes the details of such event or circumstance and the action which Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 5.31.3. Litigation . Within five (5) Business Days after Borrower obtains knowledge of any litigation (other than (a) ordinary course slip and fall litigation otherwise covered by insurance or (b) litigation in which the amount in controversy is less than One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00)) or governmental proceedings, pending or threatened, against any Loan Party or against Manager with respect to any Property or any group of Properties or which alleges that the policies and procedures of any Relevant Party violate applicable Legal Requirements (which shall include any claims, actions, suits or proceedings regarding fair housing, anti-discrimination, or equal opportunity), written notice thereof that includes a reasonably detailed summary of such litigation or proceeding. 
 5.31.4. Event of Default . Within five (5) Business Days after Borrower obtains knowledge of any Default or Event of Default, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders a written statement setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default and the action that the Relevant Parties are taking or propose to take to cure such Default or Event of Default. 
 5.31.5. Defaults under Agreements and Property Documents . Within five (5) Business Days after receipt or effective service thereof, as applicable, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders a true and complete copy of each and every notice of default received or served by Borrower with respect to any obligations under any agreement to which Borrower is a party or any Property Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, default notices sent to Tenants under Eligible Leases in the ordinary course of business shall only be required to be described in Borrower s reports provided pursuant to Section 5.31.1(c). 
 5.31.6. Properties Schedule . Borrower shall deliver to Lenders no later than the twentieth (20th) day of each calendar month (provided, that if such twentieth (20th) day is not a Business Day, then such delivery shall be permitted on the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing with the calendar month ending September 30 (a) an updated Properties Schedule in Excel format containing each of the data fields set forth on Schedule II.B (other than those under the caption Appraised Values provided, that the information under the caption Underwritten Net Cash Flow need only be updated in 
 64 
 DB1 149149761.5 

the Properties Schedule delivered for the quarter ending in March, June, September and December of each year, commencing with the Properties Schedule delivered for the quarter ending September 30, 2024, and (b) a calculation of the monthly turnover rate for the Properties for the prior calendar month, which shall be equal to the number of Properties that became vacant during such calendar month divided by the daily average number of Properties during such calendar month. The foregoing information shall be delivered together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying that it is true, correct and complete in all material respects (i) with respect to the information in the Properties Schedule other than Underwritten Net Cash Flow data, as of the last day of the preceding calendar month, (ii) with respect to the Underwritten Net Cash Flow data in the Properties Schedule, for the calendar quarter most recently ended, and (iii) with respect to the turnover rate of the Properties, for the prior calendar month. 
 5.31.7. Other Reports . 
 (a) Borrower shall deliver to Lenders, within ten (10) Business Days after Required Lenders request therefor, copies of any requested Property Tax, Other Charge or insurance bills, statements or invoices received by any Loan Party with respect to the Properties and 
 (b) Borrower shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after request by Required Lenders, furnish or cause to be furnished to Lenders in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by Required Lenders, such evidence of compliance with the Loan Documents and such additional information, documents, records or reports as may be reasonably requested with respect to any Property or the conditions or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Relevant Parties. 
 5.31.8. Delivery Standards . All financial statements and other documents to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall (i) be in form and substance acceptable to Required Lenders, (ii) be prepared in accordance with GAAP or the cash basis of accounting consistently applied, and (iii) be certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower as being true, correct, complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly reflecting the results of operations and financial condition of Borrower for the relevant period. 
 Section 5.32. Zoning . Borrower shall not initiate or consent to any zoning reclassification of any portion of any Property or seek any variance under any existing zoning ordinance or use or permit the use of any portion of any Property in any manner that could result in such use becoming a non-conforming use under any zoning ordinance or any other applicable land use law, rule or regulation, without the prior written consent of Required Lenders, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed 
 65 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Article 6 INSURANCE, CASUALTY AND CONDEMNATION 
 Section 6.1. Insurance . 
 (a) Borrower shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain and maintain during the entire Term, or cause to be maintained, insurance policies for Borrower and the Properties providing at least the coverages set forth in Exhibit A. 
 (b) If at any time Lenders are not in receipt of written evidence that all insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, and such failure continues for two (2) Business Days after request from Required Lenders, Lenders shall have the right, without notice to Borrower, to take such action as Required Lenders deem necessary to protect Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective interest in the Properties, including the obtaining of such insurance coverage as Required Lenders determine and all premiums incurred by Lenders in connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it in effect shall be paid by Borrower to Lenders upon demand and until paid shall be secured by the Collateral Documents and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. Lenders hereby agree to cooperate with Borrower in minimizing or eliminating any such premiums incurred if Borrower subsequently obtains the requisite insurance required herein. 
 Section 6.2. Casualty . If a Property is damaged or destroyed, in whole or in part, by fire or other casualty (in either case, a Casualty ), Borrower shall give prompt notice thereof to Lenders. Lenders may, but shall not be obligated to, make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. In addition, Lenders may participate in any settlement discussions with any insurance companies if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the settlement with the insurance company is reasonably likely to exceed the Restoration Threshold, and Borrower shall not settle or permit any settlement in excess of the Restoration Threshold without Required Lenders approval, (i) if an Event of Default is continuing or (ii) with respect to any Casualty in which the Net Proceeds thereof or the costs of completing the Restoration are reasonably expected to be equal to or greater than the Restoration Threshold Amount, and Borrower shall deliver to Lenders all instruments required by Required Lenders to permit such participation. Any Insurance Proceeds in connection with any Casualty (whether or not Required Lenders elect to settle and adjust the claim or Borrower settles such claim) shall be due and payable solely to the Cash Management Account and held and disbursed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 6.4, if Borrower or any party other than a Lender receives any Insurance Proceeds, Borrower shall immediately deliver such proceeds to the Cash Management Account and shall endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, a check payable therefor to Lenders, for deposit into the Cash Management Account. Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lenders as its attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to endorse any such check payable to the order of Lenders. Borrower hereby releases Lenders from any and all liability with respect to the settlement and adjustment by Lenders of any claims in respect of any Casualty, other than for actions that constitute gross negligence or intentional misconduct. In lieu of complying with the provisions set forth above and 
 66 
 DB1 149149761.5 

in Section 6.4, not later than thirty (30) days after the occurrence of any Casualty, Borrower may prepay the Allocated Loan Amount of the Property which suffered such Casualty together with accrued and unpaid interest on such portion of the Loan but without any Yield Maintenance Premium. With respect to any Restoration of a Property with a total expected cost exceeding Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00), Required Lenders (or their designee) shall have the right to inspect such Property after the completion of such Restoration to determine if the Restoration meets the Renovation Standards. 
 Section 6.3. Condemnation . Borrower shall promptly give Lenders notice of the actual or threatened commencement of any proceeding for the Condemnation of all or any portion of a Property and shall deliver to Lenders copies of any and all papers served in connection with such proceedings. Lenders may participate in any such proceedings, and Borrower shall from time to time deliver to Lenders all instruments requested by Required Lenders to permit such participation. Borrower shall, at its expense, diligently prosecute any such proceedings, and shall consult with Lenders, their respective attorneys and experts, and cooperate with them in the carrying on or defense of any such proceedings which is reasonably expected to involve an Award of an amount greater than the Restoration Threshold Amount. Notwithstanding any taking by any public or quasi-public authority through Condemnation or otherwise (including any transfer made in lieu of or in anticipation of the exercise of such taking), Borrower shall continue to pay the Debt at the time and in the manner provided for in this Agreement and the Debt shall not be reduced until any Award shall have been actually received and applied by Lenders, after the deduction of expenses of collection, to the reduction or discharge of the Debt. If Borrower or any party other than a Lender receives any Award, Borrower shall immediately deposit such Award into the Cash Management Account and shall endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, a check payable therefore to the order of Lenders. Lenders shall not be limited to the interest paid on the Award by the condemning authority but shall be entitled to receive out of the Award interest at the rate or rates provided herein or in the Note. Net Proceeds from a Condemnation shall be applied as follows 
 (a) If a partial Condemnation of a Property does not interfere with the use of such Property as a residential rental property (as determined by Required Lenders), then the Net Proceeds thereof paid by the condemning authority shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in accordance with Section 2.4.2(a)(ii). 
 (b) If a partial Condemnation of a Property does interfere with the use of such Property as a residential rental property or if there occurs a complete Condemnation of a Property (each, a Fully Condemned Property ), then (i) Lenders may retain any Award received by Lenders, (ii) Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Cash Management Account any Award paid to Borrower, (iii) the Net Proceeds of such Award shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt pursuant to Section 2.4.2(a)(ii) in an amount equal to the Release Amount for the Fully Condemned Property, together with interest and other amounts required to be paid in connection therewith under Section 2.4.4 (collectively, the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount and (iv) Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount over the Net Proceeds of the 
 67 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Award. Following Borrower s written request after receipt by Lenders of the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount, (x) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower documents prepared by Borrower to release the Fully Condemned Property from the applicable Mortgages and related Lien, provided that (A) Borrower has delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Fully Condemned Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Fully Condemned Property, such release (i) shall be a partial release that relates only to the Fully Condemned Property, (ii) shall be in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Fully Condemned Property is located, (iii) shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders, and (iv) shall not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) and (B) Borrower file and record such release and shall pay all costs, Taxes and expenses associated with such release (including cost to file and record the release and Collateral Agent s and Lenders reasonable attorneys fees) and (y) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to cause Cash Management Account Bank to disburse to Borrower the Net Proceeds paid by the condemning authority and held in the Cash Management Account in excess of the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount for such Property provided that, during the continuance of a Trigger Period, such excess Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Reserve and disbursed in accordance with Section 7.3.7. 
 In lieu of complying with the provisions set forth above, not later than thirty (30) days after the occurrence of any Condemnation, Borrower may prepay the portion of the Loan allocated to the Property which suffered such Condemnation together with accrued and unpaid interest on such portion of the Loan but without any Yield Maintenance Premium. 
 Section 6.4. Restoration . Subject to the last sentence of Section 6.2, the following provisions shall apply in connection with the Restoration of Properties affected by a Casualty 
 (a) If (i) the Net Proceeds reasonably expected to be received in connection with any single Casualty event is less than the Restoration Threshold Amount and (ii) the Restoration Conditions are satisfied within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Casualty, then (A) if Insurance Proceeds are paid by the insurance company directly to Borrower subsequent to delivering the undertaking required by the Restoration Conditions, such Insurance Proceeds may be retained by Borrower (for the avoidance of doubt, Insurance Proceeds received by Borrower prior to delivering the undertaking required by the Restoration Conditions shall be immediately paid to the Cash Management Account as required by Section 6.2), (B) if Insurance Proceeds are paid by the insurance company to Lenders or deposited into the Cash Management Account, such Insurance Proceeds will be disbursed to Borrower and (C) Borrower shall conduct the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of Section 6.4(d) and (e). 
 (b) If (i) the Net Proceeds reasonably expected to be received in connection with any single Casualty event is greater than the Restoration Threshold Amount and (ii) the Restoration Conditions are satisfied, then (A) Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Cash Management Account 
 68 
 DB1 149149761.5 

any Insurance Proceeds paid to Borrower and (B) Borrower shall conduct the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of and subject to the conditions of Section 6.4(d) and (e). 
 (c) If following a Casualty, the Restoration Conditions are not satisfied within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Casualty, then, unless Required Lenders otherwise agree to the contrary, (i) Lenders may retain any Insurance Proceeds received by or for the benefit of Lenders, (ii) Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Cash Management Account any Insurance Proceeds paid to Borrower, (iii) such Net Proceeds shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt pursuant to Section 2.4.2(a)(ii) in an amount equal to the Release Amount for the applicable Property, together with interest and other amounts required to be paid in connection therewith under Section 2.4.4 (collectively, the Casualty Prepayment Amount ), (iv) Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Casualty Prepayment Amount over such Net Proceeds, and (v) following Borrower s written request after receipt by Lenders of the Casualty Prepayment Amount, (x) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release prepared by Borrower to release the affected Properties from the applicable Mortgages and related Liens, provided that (A) Borrower has delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders draft releases (and, in the event any of the Mortgages applicable to any of the affected Properties encumber other Property(ies) in addition to the affected Properties, such release shall (i) be a partial release that relates only to the affected Property(ies), (ii) be in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Property(ies) is located, (iii) contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders and (iv) not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Properties), and (B) Borrower shall file and record such release and pay all costs, Taxes and expenses associated with such release (including cost to file and record the release and the reasonable attorneys fees of Collateral Agent s and Lenders counsel) and (y) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to cause Cash Management Account Bank to disburse to Borrower the Net Proceeds paid by the applicable insurance company and held by or for the benefit of Lender in excess of the Casualty Prepayment Amount for such Property provided that, during the continuance of a Trigger Period, such excess Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Reserve and disbursed in accordance with Section 7.3.7. 
 (d) If Borrower is required to conduct the Restoration of affected Properties under Section 6.4(a) or (b) then (i) Borrower shall commence the Restoration as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ninety (90) days after such Casualty occurs) and shall diligently pursue the Restoration to satisfactory completion (ii) Borrower shall cause the affected Property and the use thereof after the Restoration to be in compliance with and permitted under all applicable Legal Requirements and such Property, after Restoration, shall be of the same character as prior to such damage or destruction (iii) the Restoration shall be done and completed by Borrower in an expeditious and diligent fashion and in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements and (iv) Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lenders a signed detailed budget approved in writing by Borrower s architect or engineer stating the entire cost of completing the Restoration, which budget shall be reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. If at any time the Net Proceeds or the unused portion thereof shall not, in the reasonable opinion of Required Lenders, be sufficient to pay in full the balance of the costs which are 
 69 
 DB1 149149761.5 

estimated by Required Lenders to be incurred in connection with the completion of the Restoration, Borrower shall deposit the deficiency (the Net Proceeds Deficiency into the Cash Management Account before any further use or disbursement of the Net Proceeds shall be made. The Net Proceeds Deficiency shall be deposited into the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve and shall be disbursed for costs actually incurred in connection with the Restoration on the same conditions applicable to the disbursement of the Net Proceeds pursuant to Section 6.4(e), and until so disbursed, shall constitute additional security for the Obligations. 
 (e) If Borrower is required to conduct the Restoration of affected Properties under Section 6.4(b), then Required Lenders may impose such reasonable requirements on the use or expenditure of Net Proceeds as Required Lenders may require, in accordance with Required Lenders standard construction lending practices or in any other manner approved by Required Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Required Lenders may, at their option, condition disbursement of Net Proceeds on (i) delivery of an Expenditures Certificate reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, (ii) completion of a property inspection reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, (iii) Lender s approval of plans and specifications of an architect satisfactory to Required Lenders (iv) the identity, experience, reputation and financial condition of contractors and subcontractors (v) contractor s cost estimates (vi) architect s certificates (vii) waivers of Liens (viii) sworn statements of mechanics and materialmen and such other evidence of costs (ix) percentage completion of construction (x) frequency of disbursements (xi) application of payments (xii) customary retainage and satisfaction of Liens, in each case, as Required Lenders may reasonably require. The excess, if any, of the Net Proceeds and the remaining balance, if any, of the Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited in the Cash Management Account after the Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.4(e), and the receipt by Lenders of evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that all costs incurred in connection with the Restoration have been paid in full, shall be remitted to Borrower, provided no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing. 
 (f) Notwithstanding clauses (a) and (b) above, (i) in the event that a single Casualty causes damage or destruction to one Property which would cost more than such Property s Allocated Loan Amount to restore or repair such Property, written consent of Required Lenders shall be required prior to any restoration or repair of such Property pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event that a single Casualty causes damage or destruction to any part of two or more Properties which in the aggregate would cost more than Two Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 200,000.00) to restore or repair, written consent of Required Lenders shall be required prior to any restoration or repair of such Properties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (g) All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lenders in connection with any Restoration including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, shall be paid by Borrower within ten (10) days of Required Lenders written request therefor. 
 70 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(h) In the event of foreclosure of a Mortgage, or other transfer of title to a Property or Properties in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Debt, then all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to the Policies that are not blanket Policies then in force concerning such Property or Properties and all proceeds payable thereunder shall thereupon vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure or Lenders or other transferee in the event of such other transfer of title. 
 Section 6.5. Insurance Proceeds and Awards . Borrower shall cooperate with Lenders, in accordance with this Agreement, to enable Lenders to receive the benefits of any Insurance Proceeds or Awards payable in connection with any Property, and Lenders shall be reimbursed for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, and the payment by Borrower of the reasonable expense of an appraisal on behalf of Lenders in case of Casualty or Condemnation affecting any Property or any part thereof) out of such Insurance Proceeds or Awards. 
 Article 7 CASH MANAGEMENT SECURITY INTEREST RESERVES 
 Section 7.1. Cash Management Arrangements . 
 7.1.1. Cash Management Account . Borrower will cooperate with Lenders opening, maintaining, and, if Required Lenders so elect, changing, a Cash Management Account, which shall be an Eligible Account as to which Borrower, Collateral Agent and the Cash Management Account Bank shall have entered into a Cash Management Agreement. The Cash Management Account shall be under the sole control and dominion of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, with MLIC Lender designated as the directing lender thereunder, and neither Borrower nor Manager shall have any right of access thereto or to withdraw funds therefrom. Borrower covenants and agrees, upon demand of Required Lenders, to pay (or if applicable reimburse Lenders for) any and all amounts that Lenders may be obligated to pay, or shall have paid, to the Cash Management Account Bank pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Cash Management Agreement. Funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account shall be applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement and the Cash Management Agreement. All funds in the Cash Management Account (including any Reserves) shall be held in cash or may be invested in Permitted Investments. During the continuance of an Event of Default, all funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account may be applied by Lenders in such order and priority as Required Lenders shall determine. 
 7.1.2. Operating Account and Rent Deposit Account . 
 (a) Borrower shall establish and at all times maintain the Operating Account, which shall be an Eligible Account in Borrower s name. Borrower shall, or shall cause Manager to, establish and at all times maintain, the Rent Deposit Account, which shall be an Eligible Account in Borrower s name as to which Borrower, Collateral Agent and the Rent Deposit Account Bank shall have executed and delivered a Rent Deposit Account Control Agreement. 
 71 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(b) Borrower shall cause all payments of Rents from Tenants to be remitted into the Rent Deposit Account within three (3) Business Days of receipt from Tenants. Borrower shall require Manager to deposit all Collections (other than security deposits which shall be handled as set forth in Section 5.14 above) deposited into the Rent Deposit Account, which have posted to the Rent Deposit Account as funds available for transfer or withdrawal, into the Cash Management Account within five (5) Business Days after such funds are available for transfer or withdrawal, and to the extent Manager does not comply with Borrower s directions, Borrower shall enforce its rights under the applicable Management Agreement that requires such Manager to comply with this Section 7.1.2. To the extent Borrower or any Affiliate (other than any affiliated Manager) shall receive any Rent or other Collections, Borrower shall, and Borrower shall cause such Affiliates to, promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt) deposit all such Collections (other than security deposits, which shall be handled as set forth in Section 5.14 above) into the Cash Management Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Borrower or Manager receives from a Tenant a check or other payment in an amount that is less than the Tenant then owes, then Borrower or Manager may return the same to the Tenant, without first depositing the same into the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account, as applicable, solely in order to preserve its right of eviction, provided that in any month, the aggregate of such returned amounts shall not exceed two percent (2.0 of the Rents collected in the immediately preceding month. Without in any way limiting the foregoing, all Rents and other Collections shall be collateral for the Obligations and shall be held by Borrower and such Manager in trust for the benefit, and as the property, of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, and such amounts shall not be commingled with any other funds or property of Borrower or Manager. Except for security deposits that are deposited into the Cash Management Account as described in Section 5.14 above, Borrower shall not deposit and shall not suffer to be deposited into the Cash Management Account any funds of any Person other than Borrower. 
 (c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders may, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Lenders, direct Collateral Agent or Servicer in writing to apply any sums then present in the Rent Deposit Account to the payment of the Debt in any order in their sole discretion. 
 7.1.3. Tenant Direction Letters . During the continuance of a Trigger Period, Required Lenders may, in addition to all other rights and remedies available to Lenders, require that Borrower notify and advise each current and future Tenant via an instruction letter in the form of Exhibit G attached hereto (a Tenant Direction Letter and any other sources of Collections (including, without limitation, credit card companies) that Required Lenders deem necessary to send all payments of Rent and other Collections (whether by cash, check or electronic means) directly to the Cash Management Account, subject to a lockbox services agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders. Without the prior written consent of Required Lenders, neither Borrower nor Manager shall terminate, amend, revoke or modify any Tenant Direction Letter or other direction letter in any manner whatsoever, or direct or cause any Tenant or other source of Collections to pay any amount in any manner other than as provided in such Tenant Direction Letter or other direction letter, whether or not a Trigger Period is continuing. Borrower hereby grants to Lenders an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, to execute and deliver to Tenants and other sources of Collections such Tenant Direction Letters and other direction letters during the continuance of a Trigger Period. Funds deposited into the Cash Management Account shall be applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement and the Cash Management Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, 
 72 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Required Lenders shall have the right, at any time following the occurrence and continuance of a Trigger Period, to direct Borrower and Manager, and to directly notify Tenants and any other Person, to deposit any Collections directly into the Cash Management Account, or to any other deposit account established by Required Lenders from time to time. Borrower shall not deposit and shall cause Manager not to deposit into the Cash Management Account any funds of any Person other than Borrower. Funds deposited into the Cash Management Account shall be applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement and the Cash Management Agreement. 
 7.1.4. Expenses . Borrower shall pay for all expenses of opening and maintaining the Cash Management Account, the Rent Deposit Account, the Operating Account and any Security Deposit Account. 
 Section 7.2. Security Interest . As security for the Obligations, Borrower hereby grants to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, a first-priority security interest in the Rent Deposit Account, each Reserve, the Cash Management Account and any other Account and all amounts at any time contained therein and the proceeds thereof and will take all actions necessary to maintain in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, a perfected first priority security interest therein, including executing and delivering to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, deposit account control agreements and filing UCC-1 financing statements and continuations thereof. Borrower further authorizes Collateral Agent, at the direction of Required Lenders, to file such UCC-1 financing statements and amendments and continuations thereof to maintain a first priority, perfected security interest in the Collateral. Such financing statements may describe the Collateral in the same manner as described herein and in the Collateral Document or may describe the Collateral as all of the debtor s personal property and other assets, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, together with all products and proceeds thereof, substitutions and replacements therefor, and additions and accessions thereto or words of similar meaning. Required Lenders shall have the right, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Period that occurs (i) as result of an Event of Default, to direct the applicable banks to deliver all funds then held in the Cash Management Account, the Rent Deposit Account, and any Reserve, to an account established by Collateral Agent at the written direction of Required Lenders, for the benefit of all Lenders, to be applied to the payment of any portion of the Debt, as determined by Required Lenders, in their sole discretion, without seeking the appointment of a receiver and without adversely affecting the rights of Collateral Agent, at the written direction of Required Lenders, to foreclose the Lien of any Collateral Document or Lenders to exercise their rights under the Loan Documents, and (ii) as a result of the commencement of a Low Debt Service Period, to apply all Available Cash as provided in the first sentence of Section 7.3.7. 
 Section 7.3. Reserves . 
 7.3.1. Tax Reserve . On the Closing Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount sufficient to pay all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties on or through the next respective due dates of 
 73 
 DB1 149149761.5 

all such Property Taxes. On each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount sufficient to pay all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.10) that will be payable with respect to the additional Properties being financed on such Payment Date on or through the next respective due dates of all such Property Taxes. Borrower shall also deposit in the Cash Management Account or the Alternate Reserve Account, as applicable, on each Payment Date, (i) one-twelfth (1 12th) of all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date, and (ii) such additional amounts, if any, that when added to the amounts on deposit in the Cash Management Account or the Alternate Reserve Account, as applicable, for the payment of Property Taxes, will equal an amount sufficient to pay all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the Tax Reserve, and the amounts deposited into the Tax Reserve are referred to herein as the Tax Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 7, disbursements of Tax Funds by the Servicer shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lenders and or Servicer of Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date. The Servicer shall pay the Property Taxes promptly when due from the Tax Funds and after any such Property Taxes are paid, Borrower shall provide Lenders and Servicer with receipts evidencing the payment of such Property Taxes together with the Property Tax statements requiring such payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.1, in no event shall the balance of Tax Funds contained in the Tax Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the Tax Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of Tax Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the Tax Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the Tax Reserve shall be no less than the Tax Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 7.3.2. HOA Reserve . On the Closing Date and on each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount equal to one-twelfth (1 12th) of all homeowner association dues HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the Closing Date or such Payment Date until the amounts on deposit in the HOA Reserve equal an amount sufficient to pay all HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. In addition, on each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account one-twelfth (1 12th) of all HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.10) that will be payable with respect to the additional Properties being financed during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the HOA Reserve, and the amounts deposited into the HOA Reserve are referred to herein as the 
 74 
 DB1 149149761.5 

HOA Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 7, disbursements of HOA Funds by Servicer shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lenders and Servicer of a Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date. Promptly after any HOA Dues are paid, Borrower shall provide Lenders and Servicer with receipts evidencing the payment of such HOA Dues together with the HOA Dues statements requiring such payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.2, in no event shall the balance of HOA Funds contained in the HOA Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the HOA Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of HOA Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the HOA Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the HOA Reserve shall be no less than the HOA Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 7.3.3. Insurance Reserve . (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.3.3 (b) below, on the Closing Date and on each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account on such Payment Date an amount equal to one-twelfth (1 12th) of all the Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth herein) that will be payable for renewal or replacement of the Policies upon the expiration thereof during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the Closing Date or such Payment Date until the amounts on deposit therein are sufficient to pay all Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth herein) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. On each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account one-twelfth (1 12th) of the amount, if any, by which all the Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth herein) that will be payable for renewal or replacement of the Policies upon the expiration thereof during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date after giving effect to the acquisition of such additional Properties exceed the amount of such Insurance Premiums before giving effect to such acquisition. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the Insurance Reserve, and the amounts deposited into the Insurance Reserve are referred to herein as the Insurance Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.3, in no event shall the balance of Insurance Funds contained in the Insurance Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the Insurance Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of HOA Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the Insurance Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the Insurance Reserve shall be no less than the Insurance Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.3, in the event that an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in effect with respect to the Policies required pursuant to 
 75 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Section 6.1, deposits into the Insurance Reserve required for Insurance Premiums pursuant to this Section 7.3.3 shall be suspended to the extent that Insurance Premiums relate to such Acceptable Blanket Policy. As of the date hereof, an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in effect with respect to the Policies required as of the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.1. 
 7.3.4. Capital Expenditures Reserve . Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account on the Closing Date and on each Payment Date an aggregate amount equal to one-twelfth (1 12th) of 600.00 multiplied by the number of Properties as a reserve for the completion of maintenance work and capital projects at such Properties. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the Capital Expenditures Reserve, and amounts deposited into the Capital Expenditures Reserve are referred to herein as the Capital Expenditures Funds. Borrower shall perform (and pay in full for) all maintenance work and capital projects at the Properties. Provided no Event of Default is continuing (or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in Required Lenders sole discretion), Required Lenders shall direct Servicer to release Capital Expenditures Funds to reimburse Borrower for completed maintenance work and capital projects on a Property-by-Property basis, subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Required Lenders of the following conditions (i) Borrower has submitted evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that all relevant renovation work has been completed (ii) the request for disbursement shall be accompanied by an Expenditures Certificate reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, (iii) upon request of Required Lenders, Lenders shall have completed a property inspection reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders if the cost of the maintenance work or capital project on such Eligible Property exceeds Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 50,000.00), (iv) the disbursements shall not be made more than once in each calendar month with respect to all Eligible Properties in the aggregate and (v) such funds shall only be released for maintenance work and capital projects at Stabilized Properties and that were Stabilized Properties when the work was performed. Borrower shall not be entitled to Capital Expenditures Funds for work as to which Borrower is entitled to reimbursement from any security deposit, Insurance Proceeds or Awards. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 7, disbursements of Capital Expenditures Funds to Borrower shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lenders and Servicer of a Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.4, in no event shall the balance of Capital Expenditures Funds contained in the Capital Expenditures Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all costs and expenses related to the completion of maintenance work and capital projects (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the Capital Expenditures Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of Capital Expenditures Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the Capital Expenditures Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the Capital Expenditures Reserve shall be no less than the Capital Expenditures Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 76 
 DB1 149149761.5 

7.3.5. Advance Rent Reserve . If Borrower or Manager receives any Advance Rent, then Borrower shall, within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof (or, if later, on the Payment Date for any additional Properties being financed on such Payment Date for which such Advance Rents have been received), deliver such Advance Rents to the Cash Management Account to be held in reserve (the Advance Rent Reserve and deliver to Lenders and Servicer a schedule of the Payment Date(s) on which such Advance Rent should be disbursed from the Advance Rent Reserve (such schedule, an Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule ). Amounts deposited into the Advance Rent Reserve are referred to herein as the Advance Rent Funds. Unless otherwise directed by Required Lenders during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.4.2, (i) if a Trigger Period is continuing, Advance Rent Funds shall be included in Collections to be disbursed under Section 7.4.1 on the respective Payment Dates properly designated in the applicable Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule and (ii) otherwise Advance Rent Funds shall be disbursed to Borrower on the respective Payment Dates properly designated in the applicable Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule. 
 7.3.6. Casualty and Condemnation Reserve . Borrower shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Cash Management Account all Insurance Proceeds and Awards in accordance with and to the extent required by the provisions of Section 6.2, Section 6.3 and Section 6.4 (the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve ). Amounts deposited into the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve are referred to herein as the Casualty and Condemnation Funds. All Casualty and Condemnation Funds shall be held, disbursed and or applied in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, as applicable. 
 7.3.7. Cash Collateral Reserve . During any Trigger Period, but subject to Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective paramount rights during an Event of Default described in Section 7.4.2, all Available Cash (after payment of the Monthly Budgeted Amount and any Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses) shall be deposited in the Cash Management Account to be held for the benefit of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, as cash collateral for the Obligations (the Cash Collateral Reserve ). Amounts deposited into the Cash Collateral Reserve are referred to as the Cash Collateral Funds. Required Lenders shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, in the sole and absolute discretion of Required Lenders, to cause Collateral Agent to direct the Cash Management Account Bank to disburse any Cash Collateral Funds (and any other Collateral) to the Obligations, in such order and in such manner as Required Lenders shall determine. Following written request by Borrower after a Trigger Period ends, and provided that no new Trigger Period then exists, Required Lenders shall direct the Cash Management Account Bank to release Cash Collateral Funds to Borrower. 
 7.3.8. Interest Reserve . On each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount sufficient to pay all interest payable, or reasonably estimated by Required Lenders to be payable with respect to the Debt during the next ensuing thirty (30) days (the Interest Reserve ). Amounts deposited into the Interest Reserve are referred to herein as the Interest 
 77 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Funds. Any Interest Funds remaining after the Debt has been paid in full in cash shall be returned to Borrower. 
 7.3.9. Eligibility Reserve . 
 (a) Deposit of Eligibility Funds . If Borrower shall be required to make a prepayment in respect of any Property pursuant to Section 2.4.2(a)(iii)(A) (other than in the case of any Property that constitutes a Disqualified Property due to the occurrence of a Voluntary Action in respect thereof), Borrower shall have an option to deposit into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the Eligibility Reserve an amount equal to, in any case, one hundred percent (100 of the Allocated Loan Amount for any such Property Eligibility Reserve Funds provided that Borrower provides Lenders and Servicer with written notice of any such Eligibility Funds and, no later than the due date for the prepayment required under Section 2.4.2(a)(iii)(A), delivers such Eligibility Funds to the Cash Management Account for transfer to the Eligibility Reserve Subaccount. 
 (b) Release of Eligibility Funds . Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, Servicer, at the direction of Required Lenders, shall disburse the Eligibility Funds with respect to a Property to Borrower (i) upon the sale of such Property and prepayment of the Debt in an amount equal to the Release Amount for such Property, (ii) upon such Property becoming an Eligible Property or (iii) upon the Substitution of a Substitute Property for such Property. 
 7.3.10. Transfer of Certain Reserves . Upon request of Borrower, Required Lenders agree to direct Collateral Agent in writing to transfer one or more of the Tax Reserve, the Insurance Reserve, and the Interest Reserve from the Cash Management Account to an account at another Eligible Institution reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders and under the sole dominion and control of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, subject to a control agreement satisfactory to Required Lenders (the Alternate Reserve Account ). 
 7.3.11. Reserves Reporting Requirements . Not earlier than thirty (30) days and not later than ten (10) days prior to each Payment Date, Borrower shall provide to Lenders estimates reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders together with appropriate supporting documentation of (i) Property Taxes payable with respect to the Properties during the twelve month period commencing on such Payment Date, (ii) HOA Dues payable with respect to the Properties during the twelve month period commencing on such Payment Date and (iii) Insurance Premiums payable with respect to the renewal or replacement of the Policies during the twelve month period commencing on such Payment Date. 
 7.3.12. Minimum Balance Cure . If at any time the Tax Reserve, HOA Reserve, Capital Expenditures Reserve, or Insurance Reserve falls below the respective minimum balance described in this Section 7.3, Required Lenders shall notify Borrower in writing, and Borrower shall have fifteen (15) Business Days to deposit into the respective Reserve an amount sufficient to cause such Reserve to rise above the respective required minimum balance (the Reserve Cure Deposit ). If Borrower makes the Reserve Cure Deposit the failure to maintain the respective Reserve minimum balance shall not be a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement. 
 78 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Section 7.4. Property Cash Flow Allocation . 
 7.4.1. Order of Priority of Funds in Cash Management Account . Unless otherwise directed by Required Lenders during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.4.2, on each Payment Date, Collections on deposit in the Cash Management Account (less any fees and expenses of the Cash Management Account Bank then due and payable) on such day shall be applied on such Payment Date in the following order of priority 
 (a) first, to the Security Deposit Account, the amount of any security deposits that have been deposited into the Cash Management Account by Borrower during the calendar month ending immediately prior to such Payment Date 
 (b) second, to Collateral Agent, the fees, expenses and indemnities then owed to Collateral Agent under the Collateral Agency Agreement 
 (c) third, if such Payment Date is the Maturity Date, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, funds sufficient to pay the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan on the Maturity Date 
 (d) fourth, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, the amount of any mandatory prepayment of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan 
 (e) fifth, to the Tax Reserve in the amount of Tax Funds then required under Section 7.3.1 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (f) sixth, to the Insurance Reserve in the amount of Insurance Funds then required under Section 7.3.3 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (g) seventh, to the HOA Reserve in the amount of HOA Funds then required under Section 7.3.2 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (h) eighth, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, the unpaid Monthly Debt Service then due and payable to Lenders for the related Payment Date and any accrued and unpaid Monthly Debt Service payable to Lenders with respect to any prior Payment Date 
 (i) ninth, to the Capital Expenditures Reserve in the amount of Capital Expenditures Funds (if any) then required under Section 7.3.4 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (j) tenth, to the Advance Rent Reserve in the amount of any Advance Rent Funds then required under Section 7.3.5 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 79 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(k) eleventh, to Manager, the management fees payable to such Manager for the prior calendar month (but not in excess of the Management Fee Cap) together with any other Operating Expenses incurred by such Manager on behalf of Borrower for such period 
 (l) twelfth, to transfer into the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve, in the amount of Casualty and Condemnation Funds (if any) then required under Section 7.3.5 to be transferred thereto to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (m) thirteenth, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, any other fees, costs, expenses or indemnities then due or payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including without limitation, payment of the monthly servicing fee of any Servicer, if a Servicer is then being retained 
 (n) fourteenth, if no Trigger Period is in effect, all amounts remaining after payment of the amounts set forth in clauses (a) through (m) above (the Available Cash to Borrower s Operating Account and 
 (o) fifteenth, if a Trigger Period is in effect, all Available Cash (but subject to the paramount rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders if an Event of Default is continuing as described in Section 7.4.2), to the Cash Collateral Reserve to be held or disbursed in accordance with Section 7.3.7 provided, however, that to the extent Borrower has incurred any Approved Extraordinary Expenses pursuant to Section 7.4.4 below, Required Lenders shall direct Servicer in writing to remit the amount of such Approved Extraordinary Expenses from the Cash Collateral Reserve to or at the direction of Borrower. 
 7.4.2. Application During an Event of Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including in this Article 7) or elsewhere in the Loan Documents, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders, at their option, may apply any Collections then in the possession of Servicer or the Cash Management Account Bank and any Reserve Funds on deposit in the Reserves to the payment of the Obligations sequentially first to any fees, expenses or indemnities then owed to Collateral Agent under the Collateral Agency Agreement, and second, in such order, proportion and priority as Required Lenders may determine. The right to withdraw and apply any of the foregoing funds shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies provided to Lender pursuant to any Legal Requirements and the Loan Documents. 
 7.4.3. Annual Budget . Within fifteen (15) days after the commencement of any Trigger Period and for so long as any Trigger Period continues, Borrower shall submit to Lenders the Annual Budget for the succeeding twelve (12) calendar month period. Required Lenders shall have the right to approve each Annual Budget (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld so long as no Event of Default is continuing). Required Lenders shall grant or deny, in writing to Borrower with a reasonable explanation of any objections, any consent required hereunder within twenty (20) Business Days after receipt of the applicable proposed Annual Budget. In the event that Required Lenders fail to respond 
 80 
 DB1 149149761.5 

within such period, Borrower may resubmit such request. If Required Lenders again fail to respond within ten (10) Business Days of such resubmission, such failure shall be deemed to be the consent and approval of Required Lenders. Annual Budgets approved by Required Lenders shall hereinafter be referred to as an Approved Annual Budget. Until such time that any Annual Budget has been approved by Required Lenders, the prior Approved Annual Budget shall apply for all purposes hereunder (with such adjustments as reasonably determined by Required Lenders to reflect actual increases in Property Taxes, Insurance Premiums and utilities expenses) or, if no applicable Approved Annual Budget exists during any period when an Annual Budget is required, then any distribution pursuant to Section 7.4.1(n) shall be subject to Required Lenders discretion for each applicable Payment Date. Neither Borrower nor Manager shall change or modify any Approved Annual Budget without the prior written consent of Required Lenders. The Monthly Budgeted Amount for each Payment Date means the monthly amount set forth in the Approved Annual Budget for Operating Expenses for the calendar month that includes such Payment Date, but excluding management fees, Property Taxes, and Insurance Premiums. 
 7.4.4. Extraordinary Operating Expenses . During any Trigger Period, if Borrower incurs or is required to incur any Operating Expense not set forth in the Approved Annual Budget (each an Extraordinary Operating Expense ), then Borrower shall promptly deliver to Lenders a reasonably detailed explanation of such proposed Extraordinary Operating Expense for Required Lenders approval. Any Extraordinary Operating Expense approved by Required Lenders is referred to herein as an Approved Extraordinary Operating Expense. Any funds distributed to Borrower for the payment of Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses pursuant to Section 7.4.1 shall be used by Borrower only to pay for such Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses or reimburse Borrower for such Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses, as applicable, and the distribution thereof shall be subject to the satisfaction of conditions determined by Required Lenders. 
 Section 7.5. Release of Reserve Funds Generally . Borrower shall not be entitled to any earnings or interest on funds deposited into the Cash Management Account or the Reserves other than the Interest Reserve which shall be credited with interest or earnings, if any, obtained by Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, thereon. Any funds remaining in any Reserve (other than earnings or interest on those Reserves other than the Interest Reserve) after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrower. 
 Article 8 DEFAULTS 
 Section 8.1. Events of Default . Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder (an Event of Default 
 (a) if (A) the Obligations are not paid in full on the Maturity Date, (B) any regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest due under this Agreement or the Note is not paid in full on the applicable Payment Date, (C) any payment or prepayment of principal due under this Agreement or the Note (or any interest payable in connection with such prepayment) is not paid when due, or (D) the Yield 
 81 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Maintenance Premium is not paid when due provided, however, that as to payments due under clause (B) only, and no more than two (2) times in any calendar year, in the event that such regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest is not paid when due, Borrower shall not be in default under this subsection (a) if Lenders receive such regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest within three (3) Business Days following written notice of such failure by Lenders. 
 (b) if any deposit to the Reserve Funds is not made when due, with such failure continuing for three (3) Business Days after Lenders deliver written notice thereof to Borrower 
 (c) if any other amount payable pursuant to any Loan Document (other than as set forth in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b)) is not paid in full when due, with such failure continuing for five (5) Business Days after Lenders deliver written notice thereof to Borrower 
 (d) if any Policies satisfying the requirements hereof are not (A) delivered to Lenders within five (5) Business Days of Lenders written request, or (B) kept in full force and effect 
 (e) if a Transfer not permitted under Section 5.24 occurs 
 (f) if any certification, representation or warranty made by a Relevant Party in any Loan Document, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument, agreement or document furnished to Lenders shall have been false or misleading in any material and adverse respect as of the date the same was made or delivered unless such certification, representation or warranty relates solely to a Disqualified Property, in which case neither the conditions specified in Section 2.5 shall be satisfied with respect to such Disqualified Property nor the conditions specified in Section 2.5 shall be satisfied with respect to such Disqualified Property, in each case thirty (30) days following the date the applicable Property became a Disqualified Property 
 (g) (A) if any Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to any Relevant Party (other than Manager), or (B) if any Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to Manager and such Manager is not replaced by another Qualified Manager which enters into a Replacement Management Agreement and an Assignment of Management Agreement within sixty (60) days after such Event of Bankruptcy occurs 
 (h) if any Relevant Party attempts to assign its rights under any of the Loan Documents 
 (i) a breach of the covenants pertaining solely to the Property set forth in Section 5.2, Section 5.3, Section 5.4 (except that a breach of such provision regarding trade payables shall not be an Event of Default unless such default is not cured within five (5) Business Days after notice from Lenders), Section 5.5, Section 5.6, Section 5.9, Section 5.18, Section 5.22, Section 5.23, Section 5.25, Section 5.26, Section 5.27, Section 5.28Section 5.28 or Section 7.1.2, except with respect to any such breach of a covenant set forth in Section 5.4, Section 5.5, or Section 5.6 that relates solely to a 
 82 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Disqualified Property, in which case an Event of Default shall not occur unless the cure provisions set forth in clause (f) of this Section 8.1 have not been complied with 
 (j) a breach of the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in Sections 4.1.1, 4.1.3, 4.1.5, 4.1.8, 4.1.22 and 4.1.28 
 (k) if, (A) without Required Lenders prior written consent, (i) the Management Agreement is terminated (unless simultaneously therewith, Borrower and a new Qualified Manager enter into a Replacement Management Agreement), or (ii) there is a default by Borrower under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable notice or grace period and such Manager terminates or cancels the applicable Management Agreement (unless, within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such notice or grace period, Borrower and a new Qualified Manager enter into a Replacement Management Agreement) or (B) following the occurrence of any default by Manager to perform its duties or obligations under a Management Agreement, Borrower fails to exercise its right to terminate Manager under the Management Agreement 
 (l) if any Relevant Party shall be convicted of a Patriot Act Offense by a court of competent jurisdiction 
 (m) if with respect to any Disqualified Property, Borrower fails to within the time periods specified in Section 2.4.2(a)(iii) pay the Release Amount in respect thereof and such failure continues for more than five (5) Business Days after written notice thereof from Lenders to Borrower 
 (n) if Parent fails to maintain the Parent Financial Covenant provided, however, Parent shall have the right to remedy such failure without such failure constituting a Default or Event of Default by providing evidence of the cure within ten (10) Business Days following the date of the delivery of the financial statements which evidence such failure to satisfy the Parent Financial Covenant 
 (o) if there shall be a Default under any Loan Document that continues beyond any applicable cure period specified for the same in such Loan Document, or if any other event or condition shall occur if the effect of such occurrence under any Loan Document is to accelerate or to permit Lenders to accelerate the maturity of all or any portion of the Obligations 
 (p) if any Loan Document or any Lien granted thereunder shall (except in accordance with its terms or pursuant to Required Lenders written consent), in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the parties thereto or if any Relevant Party or any Affiliate thereof shall disaffirm or contest in writing such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability (other than as a result of payment in full of the Obligations), provided that if such Lien granted thereunder relates solely to a Disqualified Property, such failure shall not be an Event of Default if the conditions specified in Section 2.5 shall be satisfied with respect to such Disqualified Property, in each case within thirty (30) days following the date the applicable Property became a Disqualified Property 
 83 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(q) if one or more final judgments aggregating (i) two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 250,000.00) or more shall be rendered against any Loan Party, or (ii) one Million and No 100ths Dollars 1,000,000.00) or more shall be rendered against Parent, and such amount is not covered by insurance or indemnity or not discharged, paid or stayed within sixty (60) days after (A) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (B) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished 
 (r) if any of the assumptions contained in the Insolvency Opinion, or in any Additional Insolvency Opinion, is or shall become untrue in any material respect provided, such breach shall not constitute an Event of Default in the event that such breach shall be remedied within no more than thirty (30) days after Borrower receives notice of such breach or within thirty (30) days following the request of Required Lenders, whichever occurs first, Borrower delivers to Lenders an Additional Insolvency Opinion or an opinion of counsel to the effect that such breach does not impair, negate or adversely change the opinions rendered in the non-consolidation opinion delivered on the Closing Date, in each case in a form reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders 
 (s) if any Relevant Party shall be in breach of any of the other terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document not specified above, and such breach shall continue for ten (10) Business Days after notice to Borrower from Lenders provided, however, that if such breach is not a monetary breach and is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such ten (10) Business Day period, and if Borrower shall have commenced to cure such breach within such ten (10) Business Day period and shall thereafter diligently and expeditiously proceed to cure the same, such ten (10) Business Day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Borrower in the exercise of due diligence to cure such breach, provided that the aggregate cure period will not exceed forty-five (45) days 
 (t) Manager shall intentionally prevent or impede the compliance of Borrower in any way with Borrower s obligations under Section 7.1.3 or 
 (u) the Cash Management Account Bank shall resign or shall be terminated without a new Cash Management Account Bank having been appointed on the effective date of such resignation or termination provided, however, that in the event that (A) the Cash Management Agreement is terminated by Required Lenders as a result of a breach of the Cash Management Agreement by the Cash Management Account Bank or fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Cash Management Account Bank or (B) the Cash Management Agreement is terminated by the Cash Management Account Bank as a result of a breach of the Cash Management Agreement by Lenders or fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of a Lender, then thirty (30) days shall have elapsed following resignation or termination of the Cash Management Account Bank without a new Cash Management Account Bank having been appointed. 
 If more than one of the foregoing paragraphs shall describe the same condition or event, then Required Lenders shall have the right to select which paragraph or paragraphs shall apply. In any 
 84 
 DB1 149149761.5 

such case, Lenders shall have the right (but not the obligation) to designate the paragraph or paragraphs that provide for no notice or lesser notice or for a shorter time to cure (or for no time to cure). 
 Section 8.2. Remedies . 
 8.2.1. Acceleration, Other Remedies . Without the necessity of notice or demand to any Person (which notice and demand Borrower hereby expressly waives), (a) all Obligations shall be accelerated and shall become immediately due and payable automatically upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.1(g), and (b) such Obligations as Required Lenders may designate shall be accelerated and shall become immediately due and payable at the election of Required Lenders at any time upon or after the occurrence of any other Event of Default (and also as to any Event of Default described in clause (a) of this Section 8.2.1 to the extent that automatic acceleration is prevented by any lawful stay). Upon and at all times following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lenders may suspend performance of any and all of its obligations under the Loan Documents, and Collateral Agent and Lenders shall have all rights and remedies available to them pursuant to the Loan Documents, and pursuant to all Legal Requirements, and Lenders may take, or direct Collateral Agent in writing to take, any action, without notice or demand (which notice and demand Borrower hereby expressly waives) that Required Lenders elect to protect and enforce their rights against any Relevant Party and in and to the Collateral. 
 8.2.2. Remedies Cumulative . Each of the rights, powers and remedies of Collateral Agent and Lenders under this Agreement, the Loan Documents, applicable Legal Requirements and at equity shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other such right, power or remedy. Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective rights, powers and remedies may be pursued independently, singly, successively, together or otherwise, at such times and from time to time and as often and in such order as Required Lenders may determine, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting any of the other such rights, powers and remedies of Collateral Agent and Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing and to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, (a) neither Collateral Agent nor any Lender shall be subject to any one action or election of remedies law or rule, (b) all Liens and other rights, powers and remedies provided to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Obligations have been paid in full and (c) Lenders may pursue, or Required Lenders may direct Collateral Agent in writing to pursue, any right, power or remedy against any Person or Collateral with or without accelerating the Obligations or pursuing any other right, power or remedy against any other Person or Collateral. No delay or omission of the exercise of any right, power or remedy shall limit or impair the same or any other right, power or remedy, nor shall it be construed as a waiver thereof. A waiver of any Default or Event of Default with respect to any Person or Collateral shall not be construed to be a waiver as to any other Person or Collateral, nor of any subsequent Default or Event of Default with respect to the same Person or Collateral. 
 85 
 DB1 149149761.5 

8.2.3. Severance . 
 (a) During the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders shall have the right from time to time to direct Collateral Agent in writing to partially foreclose any Mortgage or the Lien of any of the other Collateral Documents in any manner and for any amounts secured by the Collateral Documents then due and payable as determined by Required Lenders, including the following circumstances (i) if Borrower defaults beyond any applicable grace period in the payment of one or more scheduled payments of principal and interest, Required Lenders shall have the right to direct Collateral Agent in writing to foreclose one or more of the Mortgages or other Collateral Documents to recover such delinquent payments, or (ii) if Required Lenders elect to accelerate less than the entire Debt, Required Lenders may direct Collateral Agent in writing foreclose one or more of the Mortgages or other Collateral Documents to recover so much of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan as Required Lenders may accelerate and such other sums secured by the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents as Required Lenders may elect. Notwithstanding one or more partial foreclosures, the Collateral shall remain subject to the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents to secure payment of the sums secured by the Collateral Documents and not previously recovered. 
 (b) During the continuance of an Event of Default, each Lender shall have the right from time to time to sever its Note into one or more separate notes, in such denominations as such Lender shall determine for purposes of evidencing and enforcing its respective rights and remedies provided under the Loan Documents. Borrower shall execute and deliver to each Lender from time to time, promptly after the request of such Lender, a severance agreement and such other documents as such Lender shall request in order to effect the severance described in the preceding sentence, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Lender. Borrower hereby absolutely and irrevocably appoints each Lender as its true and lawful attorney, coupled with an interest, in its name and stead to make and execute all documents necessary or desirable to effect the aforesaid severance, Borrower ratifying all that its said attorney shall do by virtue thereof provided, however, no Lender shall make or execute any such documents under such power until three (3) days after notice has been given to Borrower by such Lender of such Lender s intent to exercise its rights under such power. 
 (c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, any amounts recovered from the Collateral may be applied by Required Lenders toward the payment of any interest and or principal of the Loan and or any other amounts due under the Loan Documents, in such order, priority and proportions as Required Lenders determine. 
 8.2.4. Lenders Right to Perform . If any Relevant Party fails to pay or perform any obligation under any Loan Document or the Management Agreement beyond the expiration of any applicable cure period, Required Lenders may, but shall have no obligation to, pay, perform, or cause the performance of, such obligation, in which case all costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses), liabilities, penalties and fines incurred or paid by Lenders in connection therewith shall be paid or reimbursed by Borrower to Lenders upon demand, and shall bear interest from such demand at the 
 86 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Default Rate. Lender need not give advance notice of any such action if Required Lenders determine in good faith that Lenders would incur risk of adverse consequences by doing so, and otherwise Required Lenders shall give five (5) Business Days advance notice of any such action. Any such payment or performance by Lender shall not limit Lenders other rights and remedies under the Loan Documents or under any Legal Requirement and shall not be deemed to waive or release Borrower from performing any such obligation or its Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 Article 9 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 9.1. Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or other communications (any of the foregoing, a Notice required, permitted or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or delivered by hand or by reputable overnight courier, or sent by e-mail transmission (with no bounce back message having been received), addressed to the party to be so notified at its address as set forth on Schedule X, or to such other address as such party may hereafter specify in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. Any Notice shall be deemed to have been given when received or when delivery is refused provided that any notice that is delivered on a day that is not a Business Day, or after 5 00 p.m. in the time zone of the intended recipient, such notice shall be deemed given on the next Business Day. Any party may change the address to which any such Notice is to be delivered by furnishing ten (10) days written notice of such change to the other parties in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date as set forth above, even if there is an inability to actually deliver any such Notice because of a changed address of which no Notice was given, or there is a rejection or refusal to accept any Notice offered for delivery. Notice from Lenders may also be given by Servicer and Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that Borrower shall be entitled to rely on any Notice given by Servicer as if it had been sent by Lenders. 
 Section 9.2. Survival Successors and Assigns . This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lenders of the Loan and the execution and delivery to Lenders of such Lender s Note and shall continue in full force and effect so long as all or any of the Obligations are outstanding and unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents. Each Lender has the right, at any time, to sell, transfer, assign or participate all or any of its interest in the Loan and its other rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, or to sell a participation in its interest in the Loan or any such rights and obligations, provided, that no Lender shall, without the prior written consent of Borrower, transfer any such interest or participation to a person that is a Prohibited Assignee. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal representatives, successors and assigns of such party. All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Borrower, shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of each Lender. Without limiting the foregoing, Borrower s 
 87 
 DB1 149149761.5 

obligations under Section 5.20 and Section 5.21 shall survive repayment of the Loan and exercise by Collateral Agent or any Lender of any rights or remedies under the Loan Documents. 
 Borrower shall cooperate with Lenders in furnishing such information and providing such other assistance and reports as a Lender may reasonably request in connection with any participation, transfer, assignment or sale. In addition, Borrower acknowledges that a Lender may release or disclose to potential purchasers, transferees, assignees, investors, servicers, or participants of the Loan, who agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions set forth under Section 9.25, or to rating agencies, originals or copies of the Loan Documents, title information, engineering reports, financial statements, operating statements, value reports, Leases, and all other materials, documents and information in such Lender s possession or which such Lender is entitled to receive under the Loan Documents with respect to the Loan, any Relevant Party, Manager or the Properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall disclose any of the information described in the prior sentence to a Prohibited Assignee. 
 Section 9.3. Governing Law . 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT WAS NEGOTIATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND MADE BY LENDERS AND ACCEPTED BY BORROWER IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE PROCEEDS OF THE NOTE DELIVERED PURSUANT HERETO WERE DISBURSED FROM THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHICH STATE THE PARTIES AGREE HAS A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP TO THE PARTIES AND TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION EMBODIED HEREBY, AND IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE (PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) AND ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTE, EXCEPT FOR MATTERS RELATING TO THE CREATION, PERFECTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF A LIEN OR SECURITY INTEREST CREATED PURSUANT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS NOT GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST A LENDER OR BORROWER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (OTHER THAN ANY ACTION IN RESPECT OF THE CREATION, PERFECTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF A LIEN OR SECURITY INTEREST CREATED PURSUANT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS NOT GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) MAY AT A LENDER S OPTION BE INSTITUTED IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK, PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND BORROWER WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. BORROWER AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS FOR BORROWER SET FORTH HEREIN AND WRITTEN NOTICE OF SAID SERVICE MAILED OR DELIVERED TO 
 88 
 DB1 149149761.5 

BORROWER IN THE MANNER PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON BORROWER IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BORROWER SHALL GIVE PROMPT NOTICE TO LENDERS OF ANY CHANGE IN THE ADDRESS FOR BORROWER SET FORTH HEREIN. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF LENDERS TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST BORROWER IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 Section 9.4. Modifications . No modification, amendment, extension, discharge, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by any Relevant Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in a writing signed by the party or parties against whom enforcement is sought, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance, and for the purpose, for which given. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no notice to, or demand on, any Relevant Party shall entitle any Relevant Party to any other or future notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of Lenders in insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document, shall operate as or constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege. In particular, and not by way of limitation, by accepting payment after the due date of any amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no Lender shall be deemed to have waived any right either to require prompt payment when due of all other amounts due under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or to declare a default for failure to effect prompt payment of any such other amount. Required Lenders shall have the right to waive or reduce any time periods that Lenders are entitled to under the Loan Documents in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 Section 9.5. Waiver of Trial by Jury . BORROWER AND LENDERS EACH HEREBY AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY BORROWER AND LENDERS AND IS INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE. EACH PARTY IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER. 
 Section 9.6. Headings, Schedules and Exhibits . The Article and or Section headings and the Table of Contents in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. 
 Section 9.7. Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid pursuant to all Legal Requirements, but if any 
 89 
 DB1 149149761.5 

provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid pursuant to Legal Requirements, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.8. Preferences . If Borrower makes a payment or payments to Lenders that is, in whole or in part, subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then, to the extent of such amount, the Obligations hereunder or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue in full force and effect, as if such amount had not been received by Lenders. 
 Section 9.9. Waiver of Notice . Borrower shall not be entitled to any notices of any nature whatsoever from Lenders except with respect to matters for which this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or applicable Legal Requirements specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Lenders to Borrower and except with respect to matters for which Borrower is not, pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, permitted to waive the giving of notice. Borrower hereby expressly waives the right to receive any notice from Lenders with respect to any matter for which this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or applicable Legal Requirements do not specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Lenders to Borrower. 
 Section 9.10. Remedies of Borrower . If a claim or adjudication is made that a Lender or its respective agents have acted unreasonably or unreasonably delayed acting in any case where, by law or under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, such Lender or such agent, as the case may be, has an obligation to act reasonably or promptly, neither such Lender nor its agents shall be liable for any monetary damages and Borrower s sole remedy shall be limited to commencing an action seeking injunctive relief or declaratory judgment, unless such unreasonable delay or action shall also be determined to be the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct. Any action or proceeding to determine whether a Lender has acted reasonably shall be determined by an action seeking declaratory judgment. 
 Section 9.11. Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses . Any assignee of a Lender s interest in and to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall take the same free and clear of all offsets, counterclaims or defenses that are unrelated to the assignment of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that Borrower may otherwise have against such Lender, and no such unrelated counterclaim or defense shall be interposed or asserted by Borrower in any action or proceeding brought by any such assignee upon this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any such right to interpose or assert any such unrelated offset, counterclaim or defense in any such action or proceeding is hereby expressly waived by Borrower. Nothing set forth in this Section 9.11 shall constrain the right of Borrower to raise a defense based on payments made to Lender prior to an assignment 
 Section 9.12. No Joint Venture or Partnership No Third-Party Beneficiaries . Borrower and Lenders intend that the relationships created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents be solely 
 90 
 DB1 149149761.5 

that of borrower and lender. Nothing herein or therein is intended to create a joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common or joint tenancy relationship between Borrower, on the one hand, and Lenders, on the other hand, nor to grant Lenders any interest in any Property other than that of beneficiary or lender. The Loan Documents are solely for the benefit of Lenders and Collateral Agent, on the one hand, and Borrower on the other hand, and nothing contained in any Loan Document shall be deemed to confer upon anyone other than Lenders, Collateral Agent and Borrower any right to insist upon or to enforce the performance or observance of any of the obligations contained therein. 
 Section 9.13. Publicity . All news releases, publicity or advertising by Borrower or any of its Affiliates through any media intended to reach the general public, including, without limitation, public securities filings, which refers to the Loan Documents or the financing evidenced by the Loan Documents, to Lenders or their respective Affiliates (with respect to the Loan only) shall be subject to the prior written approval of each Lender. Lenders shall have the right to publicly describe the Loan, the Properties financed thereby in advertising and public communications of all kinds, including press releases, direct mail, newspapers, magazines, journals, e-mail, or internet advertising or communications. 
 Section 9.14. Waiver of Marshalling of Assets . To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives all rights to a marshalling of the assets of Borrower, Equity Owner and others with interests in Borrower, and of the Collateral, and shall not assert any right under any laws pertaining to the marshalling of assets, the sale in inverse order of alienation, homestead exemption, the administration of estates of decedents, or any other matters whatsoever to defeat, reduce or affect the right of Lenders under the Loan Documents to a sale by Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, of the Collateral for the collection of the Obligations without any prior or different resort for collection, or of the right of Lenders to the payment of the Obligations out of the net proceeds of the Collateral in preference to every other claimant whatsoever. 
 Section 9.15. Certain Waivers . Borrower hereby waives the right to assert a counterclaim in any action or proceeding brought against it by any Lender or its respective agents except for any compulsory counterclaim or otherwise to offset any obligations to make the payments required by the Loan Documents. No failure by a Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall be a valid defense to, or result in any offset against, any payments which Borrower is obligated to make under any of the Loan Documents. Without limiting any of the other provisions contained herein, Borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by any Legal Requirements, any rights it may have to claim or recover against a Lender in any legal action or proceeding any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 Section 9.16. Conflict Construction of Documents Reliance . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any of the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. The parties hereto acknowledge that they were represented by competent counsel in connection with the negotiation, drafting and execution of the Loan Documents and that such Loan Documents shall not be subject to the principle of construing their meaning against the party which 
 91 
 DB1 149149761.5 

drafted same. Borrower acknowledges that, with respect to the Loan, Borrower shall rely solely on its own judgment and advisors in entering into the Loan, without relying in any manner on any statements, representations or recommendations of any Lender or any parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of any Lender. No Lender shall be subject to any limitation whatsoever in the exercise of any rights or remedies available to it under any of the Loan Documents or any other agreements or instruments which govern the Loan by virtue of the ownership by it or any parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender of any equity interest any of them may acquire in Borrower, and Borrower hereby irrevocably waives the right to raise any defense or take any action on the basis of the foregoing with respect to such Lender s exercise of any such rights or remedies. Borrower acknowledges that each Lender and its Affiliates engage in the business of real estate financings and other real estate transactions and investments which may be viewed as adverse to or competitive with the business of Borrower or its Affiliates. 
 Section 9.17. Brokers and Financial Advisors . Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold each Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses of any kind (including such Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and expenses of outside counsel) in any way relating to or arising out of a claim by any Person that such Person acted on behalf of Borrower or any of their Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. The provisions of this Section 9.17 shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Obligations. 
 Section 9.18. Prior Agreements . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective Affiliates in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and all prior agreements among or between such parties, including any confidentiality agreements or any similar agreements between or among any such parties, whether oral or written, are superseded by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Section 9.19. Creation of Security Interest . Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Note, the Mortgages or any of the other Loan Documents, each Lender may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its respective rights under this Agreement, the Note, the Mortgages and any other Loan Document in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Section 9.20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Section 9.21. Set-Off . In addition to any rights and remedies of Lenders provided by this Agreement and by law, each Lender has the right in its sole discretion, upon any amount becoming due and payable by Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any Affiliate thereof to or for the credit or the account of Borrower provided, however, a Lender may only exercise such right during the continuance of an Event of Default. Each 
 92 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Lender agrees promptly to notify Borrower after any such set-off and application made by such Lender provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
 Section 9.22. Lenders Discretion . Whenever pursuant to this Agreement or any Loan Document (a) a Lender has any right to approve or disapprove any matter or grant any consent or waiver, (b) a Lender is entitled to make any determination, or (c) any matter is to be satisfactory to a Lender, then unless otherwise specifically provided in a section of this Agreement, such Lender shall have the right to so approve, disapprove, grant or withhold, determine, or be satisfied or unsatisfied, as applicable, in its sole discretion, and any such decision and shall be final and conclusive. 
 Section 9.23. Servicer . At the option of Required Lenders, the Loan may be serviced by a servicer (the Servicer selected by Required Lenders, and Lenders may delegate all or any portion of their rights or responsibilities under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to such Servicer pursuant to a servicing agreement (the Servicing Agreement ). Borrower shall pay Servicer directly or, at Required Lender s sole option, reimburse Lenders, for the fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any Servicer as set forth on Schedule VIII. As of the Closing Date, the Servicer shall be Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank, National Association. 
 Without limiting the foregoing and subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, Servicer shall have the right to exercise all rights of Lenders and to enforce all obligations of Borrower and other Persons pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents. 
 Borrower shall deliver to Servicer at the address set forth on Schedule X duplicate copies of all notices, documents and other instruments which Borrower may or shall be required to deliver to Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents (and no delivery of such notices, documents or other instruments by Borrower to Lenders shall be of any force or effect unless such duplicates are simultaneously delivered to Servicer). 
 Section 9.24. Usury Savings . Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, if by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrower is at any time required to pay interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance at a rate in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to the Maximum Legal Rate and all previous payments in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of principal and not on account of the interest due hereunder. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Lenders for the use, forbearance, or detention of the sums due under the Loan, shall, to the extent permitted by Legal Requirements, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full stated term of the Loan until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of the Loan does not exceed the Maximum Legal Rate from time to time in effect and applicable to the Loan for so long as the Loan is outstanding. 
 Section 9.25. Confidentiality . Each Lender agrees that any statements relating to a Relevant Party and any proprietary information relating to the business of Borrower or the Properties received from 
 93 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Borrower (the Borrower Confidential Information and Borrower agrees that any information relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (the Lender Confidential Information and, together with Borrower Confidential Information, the Confidential Information shall be maintained by a Lender or Borrower, as applicable, as confidential, except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and instructed to keep such Confidential Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable Legal Requirements or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions no less restrictive than those of this Section to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of a Lender s rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty, servicer, rating agency or trustee (or their respective advisors) to any swap, derivative transaction or securitization transaction relating to Borrower and its obligations, (f) with the written consent of Borrower (in the case of Borrower Confidential Information) or with the written consent of Required Lenders (in the case of Lender Confidential Information) or (g) to the extent such Confidential Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Borrower, Manager or their respective Affiliates (in the case of Borrower Confidential Information) or from a source other than a Lender or its respective Affiliates (in the case of Lender Confidential Information). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential Information shall not include information that (i) is or becomes publicly available, other than as a result of acts by Lenders or Borrower in breach of this Section 9.25 or through illegal or improper disclosure by a third party, (ii) is in such Person s possession prior to disclosure by the disclosing party and is not subject to any prior confidentiality agreement, (iii) is disclosed to such Person by a third party on a non-confidential basis, provided that the source of such information, to the best of the disclosing Person s knowledge, did not obtain the information improperly and is not prohibited from transmitting such information by a contractual, legal, the disclosing party without the aid, application or use of the Confidential Information, (v) has been approved for release by prior authorization of the non-disclosing party, or (vi) is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements. 
 In the event that a Lender or Borrower receives a request to disclose all or any part of the Confidential Information under the terms of a subpoena or other order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by another governmental agency, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any stock exchange or any similar organization or regulatory or quasi-regulatory body, such Person may comply with the order, however before complying such Person shall, to the extent practicable and legally permitted, (i) promptly notify the other party of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such a request, (ii) consult with the other party on the advisability of taking reasonable steps to resist or narrow such request, at the other party s expense (iii) if disclosure of such Confidential Information is required, furnish only such portion of the Confidential Information as such Person are advised by counsel (which may be an in-house counsel) is legally required to be disclosed, and (iv) provide the other party sufficient opportunity and reasonably cooperate, at such other party s expense, 
 94 
 DB1 149149761.5 

with any action reasonably requested by such other party in its efforts to obtain an order preventing such disclosure or providing reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Confidential Information that is required to be disclosed. 
 Section 9.26. Principles of Construction . All references to sections, schedules and exhibits are to sections, schedules and exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Unless otherwise specified, the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof or thereof. When used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the word including means including but not limited to. Unless otherwise specified, all meanings attributed to defined terms herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined. References herein to any Loan Document include such document as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Borrower shall be deemed to have knowledge of a fact or matter if any officer, director or manager of any Relevant Party has actual (and not constructive) knowledge thereof. 
 ARTICLE X COLLATERAL AGENT 
 Section 10.1 Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or authorized to act for, any other Lender. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. 
 Section 10.2 Each Lender, by signing this Agreement (i) represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold its portion of the Loan hereunder and (ii) expressly acknowledges that neither any other Lender nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any other Lender hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Relevant Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Lender. Each Lender shall, independently and without reliance upon any other Lender and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 
 Section 10.3 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association has been appointed Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders hereunder pursuant to the Collateral Agency Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that any authority conferred upon Collateral Agent hereunder is subject to the terms of the delegation of authority made by Lenders to Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency Agreement, and that Collateral Agent has agreed to act (and any successor Collateral Agent shall act) as such hereunder only on the express conditions contained in the Collateral Agency Agreement (including the rights and protections of Collateral Agent thereunder). Any successor Collateral 
 95 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Agent appointed pursuant to the Collateral Agency shall be entitled to all the rights, interests and benefits of Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 Section 10.4 Collateral Agent is a representative of Lenders within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the UCC. Lenders hereby authorize and direct Collateral Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents and the other Loan Documents and to take all action contemplated by such documents. Lenders agree that they shall not have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by Collateral Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Obligations, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency Agreement, Collateral Agent shall be authorized, and shall be granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of Lenders any Collateral Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of Collateral Agent on behalf of Lenders. Lenders have authorized Collateral Agent to release any Lien granted to or held by Collateral Agent upon any Collateral (i) as expressly described herein (ii) as permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (unless such release is required to be approved by all of Lenders hereunder). Upon request by Collateral Agent at any time, Lenders will confirm in writing Collateral Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant hereto. 

NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE 
 96 
 DB1 149149761.5 

The parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their duly authorized representatives, all as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 MLIC LENDER 
 
 METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a New York corporation 
 
 By MetLife Investment Management, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By Name Michael Finn 
 Its Authorized Signatory 

MTLIC LENDER 
 
 METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a Nebraska corporation 
 
 By MetLife Investment Management, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By Name Michael Finn 
 Its Authorized Signatory 

DB1 149149761.5 

BORROWER 
 
 VB NINE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By 
 Name Paul Richards 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

DB1 149149761.5 

JOINDER 
 
 Each of the undersigned Equity Owner and Parent hereby joins in the execution and delivery of this Agreement and hereby 
 
 (a) represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document and applicable to it is true and correct as of the date hereof and 
 
 (b) agrees to be bound by all of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article V of the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document applicable to it. 
 
 The existence and provisions of this Joinder shall in no event be interpreted to imply recourse against any of the Equity Owner or Parent under the Loan Documents except as otherwise explicitly set forth in the Loan Documents. 
 
 EQUITY OWNER 
 
 VB NINE EQUITY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By 
 Name Paul Richards 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 PARENT 
 
 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation 

By 
 Name Brian Mitts 
 Title President 

DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT A 
 INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS 
 (a) Borrower shall obtain and maintain, at its sole cost and expense for the term of this Agreement or cause to be maintained, insurance for Borrower and the Properties providing at least the following coverages 
 (i) comprehensive all risk or special causes of loss form insurance, as is available in the insurance market as of the Closing Date, on the Properties (A) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the full replacement cost , which for purposes of this Agreement means actual replacement value of the Properties, subject to a loss limit equal to Fifty Million and No 100ths Dollars 50,000,000.00) per occurrence (B) containing an agreed amount endorsement with respect to the Improvements and personal property at any Property waiving all co insurance provisions or to be written on a no co insurance form and (C) providing for no deductible in excess of Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) (it being understood that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (1) Borrower may utilize a Three Million and No 100ths Dollars 3,000,000.00) aggregate deductible stop loss subject to a Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) per occurrence deductible and a Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) maintenance deductible following the exhaustion of the aggregate, (2) the aggregate stop loss does not apply to any losses arising from named windstorm, earthquake or flood, (3) the perils of named windstorm and the peril of other wind and hail shall be permitted to have a minimum deductible of One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00) per occurrence for any and all affected Properties, except that the permitted minimum deductible for the named windstorm peril shall be permitted to (a) have a per occurrence deductible in certain Tier 1 locations in Texas of three percent (3.0 of the total insurable value of the affected Properties, (b) have a per occurrence deductible for properties in Florida of five percent (5.0 of the total insurable value of the affected Properties, and (c) have a per occurrence deductible in certain Tier 1 locations from Georgia to Virginia of two percent (2.0 of the total insurable value of the affected Properties (each with a minimum deductible of One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00) per occurrence for any and all affected Properties), and (4) the perils of flood shall be permitted to have a minimum deductible of Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 50,000.00) for any and all affected Properties, except that the perils of special flood shall be permitted to have a minimum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 250,000.00) per occurrence for any and all affected Properties, In addition, Borrower shall obtain (x) flood insurance in an amount equal to Five Million and No 100ths Dollars 5,000,000.00) applying per occurrence and in the aggregate, and (y) with respect to named storm insurance the greater of (1) the amount of coverage in place on the Closing Date and (2) the greater of (i) coverage in an amount equal to the Probable Maximum Loss (PML) or Scenario Expected Limit (SEL) based upon a storm risk analysis for a 475 year event for the entire portfolio at risk or (ii) one hundred percent 100 of Gross Loss Probable Maximum Loss (Gross Loss PML) or Scenario Expected Limit (SEL) based upon a storm risk analysis for a 10,000-year event for the entire portfolio at risk (such analysis to be secured by Borrower using a third-party firm qualified to perform such named storm risk analysis using the most current RMS software, or its equivalent, to include consideration of storm surge, if applicable, and loss amplification, at the expense of Borrower at least two (2) times per year or more frequently as may reasonably be requested by Required Lenders and shared with all Lenders) provided, that such flood, earth movement and named storm insurance shall otherwise be on terms consistent with the comprehensive all risk insurance policy required under this Section (a)(i). In addition, Borrower shall obtain the flood insurance coverage described in subclause (x) above for a Property if any portion of such Property is currently or at any time in the future located in a federally designated special flood hazard area, flood hazard insurance or its equivalent in an amount equal to the maximum amount of such insurance available under the 
 DB1 149149761.5 

National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 or the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, as each may be amended 
 (ii) business income or rental loss insurance, written on an Actual Loss Sustained Basis (A) with loss payable to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders (B) covering all risks required to be covered by the insurance provided for in Section (a)(i), (iii), (iv) and (viii) (C) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the aggregate projected net income plus continuing expenses from the operation of the Properties for a period of at least twelve (12) months after the date of the Casualty and (D) containing an extended period of indemnity endorsement which provides that after the physical loss to the Improvements and personal property at a Property has been repaired, the continued loss of income will be insured until such income either returns to the same level it was at prior to the loss, or the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date that the applicable Property is repaired or replaced and operations are resumed, whichever first occurs, and notwithstanding that the policy may expire prior to the end of such period. The amount of such business income or rental loss insurance shall be determined prior to the Closing Date and at least once each year thereafter based on Borrower s reasonable estimate of the net income from each Property for the succeeding twelve (12) month period. All proceeds payable to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders pursuant to this subsection shall be held in the Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount and disbursed to the Cash Management Account during the month to which such proceeds relate (or in the month received if such proceeds relate to a month prior to the month in which such proceeds were received) provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to relieve Borrower of their obligation to pay the Obligations on the respective dates of payment provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents except to the extent such amounts are actually paid out of the proceeds of such business income insurance 
 (iii) at all times during which structural construction, repairs or renovations are being made with respect to any Property, and only if each of the property coverage form and the liability insurance coverage form does not otherwise apply, (A) owner s contingent or protective liability insurance, otherwise known as Owner Contractor s Protective Liability (or its equivalent), covering claims not covered by or under the terms or provisions of the above mentioned commercial general liability insurance policy and (B) the insurance provided for in Section (a) written in a so-called builder s risk completed value form including coverage for all insurable hard and soft costs of construction (x) on a non-reporting basis, (y) against all risks insured against pursuant to Section (a)(i), (iii), (iv) and (viii), (z) including permission to occupy such Property and (C) with an agreed amount endorsement waiving co-insurance provisions 
 (iv) commercial general liability insurance against claims for personal injury, bodily injury, death or property damage occurring upon, in or about any Property, such insurance (A) to be on the so-called occurrence form with a combined limit of not less than One Million and No 100 Dollars 1,000,000.00) per occurrence Two Million and No 100 Dollars 2,000,000.00) in the aggregate per location and overall Twenty Million and No 100 Dollars 20,000,000.00) in the aggregate (B) to continue at not less than the aforesaid limit until required to be changed by Required Lenders in writing by reason of changed economic conditions making such protection inadequate and (C) to be at least as broad as Insurance Services Offices (ISO) policy form CG 00 01 
 (v) if applicable, automobile liability coverage for all owned and non-owned vehicles, including rented and leased vehicles, containing minimum limits per occurrence of One Million and No 100 Dollars 1,000,000.00) 
 (vi) if applicable, worker s compensation subject to the worker s compensation laws of the applicable state, and employer s liability in amounts reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(vii) umbrella and excess liability insurance in an amount not less than Ten Million and No 100 Dollars 10,000,000.00) per occurrence and in the aggregate on terms consistent with the commercial general liability insurance policy required under Section (a)(iv), and including employer liability and automobile liability, if applicable and 
 (viii) upon sixty (60) days written notice, such other reasonable insurance, and in such reasonable amounts as Required Lenders from time to time may reasonably request against such other insurable hazards which at the time are commonly insured against for properties similar to the Properties located in or around the region in which Properties are located. 
 (b) All Policies required pursuant hereto shall (i) be obtained under valid and enforceable policies (collectively, the Policies or in the singular, the Policy ), and shall be subject to the approval of Required Lenders as to insurance companies, amounts, deductibles, loss payees and insureds and (ii) be issued by financially sound and responsible insurance companies authorized to do business in the states where the applicable Properties are located and having a rating of A3 or better by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of A- or better by S&P or Fitch provided, however, that if Borrower elects to have its insurance coverage provided by a syndicate of insurers, then, if such syndicate consists of five (5) or more members, (A) at least sixty percent (60 of the insurance coverage (or seventy-five percent (75 if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) and one hundred percent (100 of the first layer of such insurance coverage shall be provided by insurance companies having a rating of A3 or better by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of A- or better by S&P or Fitch and (B) the remaining forty percent (40 of the insurance coverage (or the remaining twenty-five percent (25 if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) shall be provided by insurance companies having a rating of Baa2 by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of BBB or better by S&P or Fitch 
 (c) All Policies of insurance provided for in Section (a), except for the Policies referenced in Section (a)(vi), shall contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that 
 (i) no act or negligence of Borrower, or anyone acting for Borrower, or of any Tenant or other occupant, or failure to comply with the provisions of any Policy, which might otherwise result in a forfeiture of the insurance or any part thereof, shall in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the insurance as far as Lenders are concerned 
 (ii) the Policy shall not be canceled without at least thirty (30) days written notice to Lenders and any other party named therein as an additional insured (other than in the case of non-payment in which case only ten (10) days prior notice, or the shortest time allowed by applicable Legal Requirement (whichever is longer), will be required) and shall not be materially changed (other than to increase the coverage provided thereby) without such a thirty (30) day notice 
 (iii) Lenders shall not be liable for any Insurance Premiums thereon or subject to any assessments thereunder and 
 (iv) the issuers thereof shall give notice to Lenders if a Policy has not been renewed ten (10) days prior to its expiration. 
 (d) Certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies shall be delivered to Lenders on the Closing Date with respect to the current Policies. Further, not less than ten (10) days prior to the expiration dates of the Policies theretofore furnished to Lenders, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies (and, upon the written request of Required Lenders, 
 DB1 149149761.5 

copies of such Policies) accompanied by evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders of payment of the premiums due thereunder (the Insurance Premiums ). 
 (e) Any blanket insurance Policy shall otherwise provide the same protection as would a separate Policy insuring only the Properties in compliance with the provisions of Section (a) (any such blanket policy, an Acceptable Blanket Policy ). 
 (f) All Policies of insurance provided for or contemplated by Section (a), except for the Policy referenced in Section (a)(iv), shall name Borrower as the insured and Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, and their respective successors and or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as their interests may appear, and in the case of property damage, boiler and machinery, windstorm and flood insurance, shall contain a standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, and their respective successors and or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as their interests may appear providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders unless below the threshold for Borrower to handle such claim without Lenders intervention. Additionally, if Borrower obtains property insurance coverage in addition to or in excess of that required by Section (a)(i), then such insurance policies shall also contain a standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, and their respective successors and or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as their interests may appear providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Lender. 
 (g) If at any time Lenders are not in receipt of written evidence that all insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, Lenders shall have the right, without notice to Borrower, to take such action as Required Lenders deem necessary to protect Lenders interest in the Properties, including, without limitation, the obtaining of such insurance coverage as Required Lenders in their sole discretion deems appropriate after three (3) Business Days notice to Borrower if prior to the date upon which any such coverage will lapse or at any time Required Lenders deem necessary (regardless of prior notice to Borrower) to avoid the lapse of any such coverage. All premiums incurred by Lenders in connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it in effect shall be paid by Borrower to Lenders upon demand and, until paid, shall be secured by the Collateral Documents and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 
 In the event of foreclosure of the pledge of the equity interests in Borrower pursuant to the Equity Owner Security Agreement (or foreclosure of any Mortgages), the Policies shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF REQUEST FOR RELEASE 
 ________ 22, 20 _ 
 To Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company (collectively, with their respective successors and assigns, Lenders 
 From VB Nine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and assigns, collectively, Borrower 
 Re Loan Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2024, by and among Borrower and Lenders (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement . 
 Borrower hereby gives notice of its intent to Transfer each of the Properties listed on Schedule I hereto (collectively, the Release Properties ). In connection with such Transfer, Borrower hereby certifies, as of the date hereof, the following 
 (a) enclosed herewith are true, correct and complete copies of each material agreement relating to the proposed Transfer, including any HUD-1 or other closing statements 
 (b) Annex I hereto sets forth for each Release Property the following (i) gross sales price (including any earnest money, down payment or similar deposit included in the total sales price paid by the purchaser of such Release Property), (ii) Transfer Expenses, (iii) Transfer Proceeds and (iv) the applicable Release Amount 
 (c) the date of the proposed Transfer (the Transfer Date is _________ , 20 _ 
 (d) Borrower has not previously submitted a Request for Release applicable to the calendar month that includes the proposed Transfer Date 
 (e) as set forth on Annex II hereto, the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date, after giving pro forma effect for the elimination of the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the applicable Release Property and the reduction of Debt Service as determined by Required Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(d) is at least the greater of (i) the Required DSCR and (ii) the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 (f) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing other than a Qualified Release Property Default that will be cured as a result of the release of the Release Properties and 
 (g) the Release Property is being Transferred to a Person who is not a Relevant Party or an Affiliate of a Relevant Party, pursuant to a bona fide all-cash sale on arms-length terms and conditions the Transfer of the Release Property will cure a Qualified Release Property Default and the Release Property is being Transferred to an Affiliate of Borrower or Equity Owner (but not a direct or indirect subsidiary of Borrower), for cash consideration equal to not less than the appraised value of the Release Property, as determined by Required Lenders . 
 Borrower hereby requests that Required Lenders direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release of such Release Properties. 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Borrower has caused this certificate to be executed on its behalf this 22 day of ____________ , 20 _ . 
 VB Nine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By Name Title 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

ANNEX I 
 PROPERTIES TO BE TRANSFERRED 
 Unit Number Property Address Gross Transfer Proceeds Transfer Expenses Transfer Proceeds Applicable Release Amount 

DB1 149149761.5 

ANNEX II 
 CALCULATION OF PRO FORMA DEBT SERVICE COVERAGE RATIO 
 A. Numerator calculation 1. Underwritten Net Cash Flow as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 _______________ 2. Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Release Properties as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 _______________ 3. Line A1 minus Line A2 (pro forma Underwritten Net Cash Flow) 
 _______________ B. Denominator calculation 1. Prior 12 months of Monthly Debt Service Payment (or multiplied by twelve (12), if applicable) 
 _______________ C. Pro Forma Debt Service Coverage Ratio 1. (Line A3 Line B1) 
 _____ 1.00 2. Required DSCR 
 1.20 1.00 3. Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 _____ 1.00 

DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT C 
 DEFINITION OF SPECIAL PURPOSE ENTITY 
 Borrower hereby represents and warrants to, and covenants with, Lenders that since the date of the formation of Borrower and Equity Owner, each such party has complied with the following and at all times on and after the Closing Date and until such time as the Obligations shall be paid and performed in full Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with the following 
 (a) Borrower (i) is and will be organized solely for the purpose of acquiring, renovating, rehabilitating, owning, holding, selling, leasing, transferring, exchanging, managing and operating the Properties, entering into the Loan Documents to which it is a party, refinancing the Properties in connection with a permitted repayment of the Loan and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, and (ii) does not own, and will not own any asset or property other than (A) the Properties, and (B) incidental personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of the Properties. 
 (b) Equity Owner (i) is and will be organized solely for the purpose of acting as the Sole Member of Borrower, executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, and (ii) does not own, and will not own any asset or property other than its membership interest in Borrower. 
 (c) Borrower has not engaged and will not engage in any business other than the acquisition, renovation, rehabilitation, ownership, management and operation of the Properties and Borrower will conduct and operate its business as presently conducted and operated. 
 (d) Equity Owner has not engaged and will not engage in any business other than acting as the member of Borrower and Equity Owner will conduct and operate its business as presently conducted and operated. 
 (e) Each Loan Party has not and will not enter into any contract or agreement with any Affiliate of such Loan Party except upon commercially reasonable terms and conditions that are comparable to those of an arms-length basis with third parties other than any such party. 
 (f) No Loan Party has incurred and will not incur any Indebtedness other than, with respect to Borrower, Permitted Indebtedness, and with respect to Equity Owner, Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness, and no Loan Party has granted a security interest in or lien over any of its assets to secure any Indebtedness. Except with respect to Permitted Liens, no Indebtedness other than the Debt may be secured (senior, subordinate or pari passu) by the Collateral. 
 (g) Each Loan Party has not made and will not make any loans or advances to any third party (including any Affiliate or constituent party), other than Restricted Junior Payments permitted pursuant to Section 5.28, and has not and shall not acquire obligations or securities of its Affiliates. 
 (h) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has been, is, and intends to remain solvent and each Loan Party has paid and intends to pay its debts and liabilities (including, as applicable, shared personnel and overhead expenses) from its assets provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (i) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has done or caused to be done, and will do, all things necessary to observe organizational formalities and preserve its existence, and no Loan 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Party will, nor will such Loan Party permit any Person to, (i) terminate or fail to comply with the provisions of its organizational documents, or (ii) unless (A) Required Lenders have consented and (B) such Loan Party has received an Additional Insolvency Opinion, amend, modify or otherwise change its partnership certificate, partnership agreement, articles of incorporation and bylaws, operating agreement, trust or other organizational documents. 
 (j) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has maintained and will maintain all of its books, records, financial statements and bank accounts separate from those of its Affiliates and any other Person. No Loan Party s assets will be listed as assets on the financial statement of any other Person, provided, however, that a Loan Party s assets may be included in a consolidated financial statement of its Affiliates provided that (i) appropriate notation shall be made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of such Loan Party and such Affiliates and to indicate that such Loan Party s assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of such Affiliates or any other Person, and (ii) such assets shall be listed on such Loan Party s own separate balance sheet. Except to the extent that such Loan Party is treated as a disregarded entity for tax purposes and is not required to file tax returns under applicable Legal Requirements, each Loan Party will file its own tax returns (to the extent such Loan Party is required to file any such tax returns) and will not file a consolidated, combined or unitary income tax return (as provided for in IRC Sec. 1501 or any applicable state or local law) with any other Person. Each Loan Party has maintained and shall maintain its books, records, resolutions and agreements in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (k) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has been, will be, and at all times has held and will hold itself out to the public as, a legal entity separate and distinct from any other entity (including any Affiliate of such Loan Party or any constituent party of such Loan Party), shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its status as a separate entity, shall conduct business in its own name, shall not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or department or part of the other and shall maintain and utilize separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its own name. 
 (l) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has maintained and intends to maintain adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (m) No Loan Party or any constituent party of such Loan Party has sought or will seek or effect the liquidation, dissolution, winding up, consolidation or merger, in whole or in part, of such Loan Party. 
 (n) Other than any funds owned by Borrower and deposited into the Rent Deposit Account, no Loan Party has or will commingle the funds and other assets of such Loan Party with those of any Affiliate or constituent party or any other Person, and has held and will hold all of its assets in its own name. 
 (o) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has and will maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from those of any Affiliate or constituent party or any other Person. 
 (p) No Loan Party has or will assume, guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person (other than other Loan Parties) and no Loan Party has or will hold itself out to be responsible for or have its credit available to satisfy the debts or obligations of any other Person (other 
 DB1 149149761.5 

than other Loan Parties), except, in each case, as contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 (q) The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that at all times there shall be (and each Loan Party shall at all times cause there to be) at least one (1) duly appointed Independent Director, and that such Independent Director may not be removed or replaced without Cause and unless Lenders are provided with not less than three (3) Business Days prior written notice of (i) any proposed removal of such Independent Director, together with a statement as to the reasons for such removal, and (ii) the identity of the proposed replacement Independent Director, together with a certification that such replacement satisfies the requirements set forth in the organizational documents for an Independent Director. 
 (r) The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall also provide an express acknowledgment that each Lender is an intended third-party beneficiary of the special purpose provisions of such organizational documents. 
 (s) The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that such Loan Party shall not take any action which, under the terms of such organizational document, requires a unanimous vote of the (i) the sole member of such Loan Party (the Sole Member or (ii) the board of directors of such Loan Party, unless at the time of such action there shall be at least one (1) duly appointed Independent Director has participated in such vote. The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that actions requiring such unanimous written consent, including the Independent Director, shall include each of the following with respect to such Loan Party (each, a Material Action (A) filing or consenting to the filing of any petition, either voluntary or involuntary, to take advantage of any applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization statute, (B) seeking or consenting to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator or any similar official of such Loan Party, or a substantial part of its business, (C) making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (D) admitting in writing its inability to pay debts generally as they become due, (E) declaring or effectuating a moratorium on the payment of any obligations, or (F) taking any action in furtherance of the foregoing, provided, for purposes of clauses (D) and (F), the following shall not constitute a Material Action (1) admissions or statements which are compelled and required by law and which are true and correct, or (2) admissions or statements in writing to Lenders or any Servicer of the Loan, or in connection with any audit opinion or going concern qualification in its audited financial statements, that (x) Borrower cannot pay its Operating Expenses, (y) Borrower cannot pay Debt Service on the Loan, or (z) Borrower cannot repay or refinance the Loan on the Maturity Date. In addition, the organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that, when voting with respect to any matters set forth in the immediately preceding sentence of this clause (v), the Independent Director shall consider only the interests of the Loan Party including its creditors. No Loan Party shall take any of the foregoing actions without the unanimous written consent of its board of directors or its member(s) including (or together with) the Independent Director. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such documents shall expressly provide that, to the greatest extent permitted by law, except for duties to the Loan Party (including duties to equity holders solely to the extent of their respective economic interests in the Loan Party and to the Loan Party s creditors as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence), such Independent Director shall not owe any fiduciary duties to, and shall not consider, in acting or otherwise voting on any matter for which their approval is required, the interests of (aa) the Loan Party or the Loan Party s other equity holders, (bb) other Affiliates of the Loan Party, or (cc) any group of Affiliates of which the Loan Party is a part provided, however, the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
 (t) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Loan Party shall be a Delaware single-member limited liability company satisfying the requirements below 
 DB1 149149761.5 

(i) the organizational documents shall provide that, as long as any portion of the Obligations remains outstanding, upon the occurrence of any event that causes the Sole Member of such limited liability company to cease to be a member of such limited liability company (other than (A) upon an assignment by Sole Member of all of its limited liability company interest in the limited liability company and the admission of the transferee, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents or (B) the resignation of Sole Member and the admission of an additional member to the limited liability company, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents), the Independent Director of such Loan Party shall, without any action of any Person and simultaneously with Sole Member ceasing to be a member of such limited liability company, automatically be admitted as members of the limited liability company (in each case, individually, a Special Member and collectively, the Special Members and shall preserve and continue the existence of the limited liability company without dissolution. The organizational documents of the limited liability company shall further provide that for so long as any portion of the Obligations is outstanding, no Special Member may resign or transfer its rights as a Special Member unless (y) a successor Special Member has been admitted to the limited liability company as a Special Member, and (z) such successor Special Member has also accepted its appointment as the Independent Director. 
 (ii) The organizational documents of the limited liability company shall provide that, as long as any portion of the Obligations remains outstanding, except as expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (x) Sole Member may not resign, and (y) no additional member shall be admitted to the limited liability company and 
 (iii) the organizational documents of the limited liability company shall provide that, as long as any portion of the Obligations remains outstanding (v) the limited liability company shall be dissolved, and its affairs shall be wound up, only upon the first to occur of the following (A) the termination of the legal existence of the last remaining member of the limited liability company or the occurrence of any other event which terminates the continued membership of the last remaining member of the limited liability company unless the business of the Loan Party is continued in a manner permitted by its operating agreement or the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), or (B) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Act (w) upon the occurrence of any event that causes the last remaining member of the limited liability company to cease to be a member of the limited liability company or that causes Sole Member to cease to be a member of the limited liability company (other than (A) upon an assignment by Sole Member of all of its limited liability company interest in the limited liability company and the admission of the transferee, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents, or (B) the resignation of Sole Member and the admission of an additional member of the limited liability company, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents), to the fullest extent permitted by law, the personal representative of such last remaining member shall be authorized to, and shall, within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the event that terminated the continued membership of such member in the limited liability company, agree in writing (I) to continue the existence of the limited liability company, and (II) to the admission of the personal representative or its nominee or designee, as the case may be, as a substitute member of the limited liability company, effective as of the occurrence of the event that terminated the continued membership of such member in the limited liability company (x) the bankruptcy of Sole Member or a Special Member shall not cause such Sole Member or Special Member, respectively, to cease to be a member of the limited liability company and upon the occurrence of such an event, the business of the limited liability company shall continue without dissolution (y) that in the event of the dissolution of the limited liability company, the limited liability company shall conduct only such activities as are necessary to wind up its affairs (including the sale of the assets of the limited liability company in an orderly manner), and the assets of the limited liability company shall be applied in the manner, and in the order of priority, set forth in Section 18-804 of the Act and (z) that to the fullest extent permitted by law, each of Sole Member and the Special Member shall irrevocably waive any right 
 DB1 149149761.5 

or power that they might have to cause the limited liability company or any of its assets to be partitioned, to cause the appointment of a receiver for all or any portion of the assets of the limited liability company, to compel any sale of all or any portion of the assets of the limited liability company pursuant to any applicable Legal Requirements or to file a complaint or to institute any proceeding at law or in equity to cause the dissolution, liquidation, winding up or termination of the limited liability company. 
 (u) No Loan Party has permitted or will permit any Affiliate (except (i) Manager pursuant to a Management Agreement entered into in accordance with this Agreement and (ii) in such Affiliate s capacity as Managing Member of a Loan Party) or constituent party independent access to its bank accounts. 
 (v) Each Loan Party has paid and intends to pay its own liabilities and expenses, including the salaries of its own employees (if any) from its own funds, and has maintained and shall maintain a sufficient number of employees (if any) in light of its contemplated business operations provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (w) Each Loan Party has compensated and shall compensate each of its consultants and agents from its funds for services provided to it and pay from its own assets all obligations of any kind incurred provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (x) Each Loan Party has allocated and will allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with any Affiliate, including shared office space. 
 (y) Except in connection with the Loan or other Indebtedness paid off on the Closing Date, no Loan Party has pledged and no Loan Party will pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person. 
 (z) No Loan Party has and no Loan Party will have any obligation to indemnify its officers, directors, members or partners, as the case may be, except any such obligation that is fully subordinated to the Debt and will not constitute a claim against it if cash flow in excess of the amount required to pay the Debt is insufficient to pay such obligation. 
 (aa) If such Loan Party is (i) a limited liability company, has articles of organization, a certificate of formation and or an operating agreement, as applicable, (ii) a limited partnership, has a limited partnership agreement, or (iii) a corporation, has a certificate of incorporation or articles that, in each case, provide that such entity will not (A) dissolve, merge, liquidate, consolidate (B) sell, transfer, dispose, or encumber (except with respect to the Loan Documents) all or substantially all of its assets or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any Person or (C) engage in any other business activity, or amend its organizational documents with respect to the matters set forth on this Exhibit C without the consent of Required Lenders. 
 (ab) No Loan Party has, does or will have any of its obligations guaranteed by an Affiliate (other than by Equity Owner Guaranty and the Recourse Guaranty). 
 (ac) Since the date of its formation, each Loan Party has conducted and shall conduct its business so that the assumptions made with respect to such Loan Party in the Insolvency Opinion or any Additional Insolvency Opinion shall be true and correct in all material respects. In connection with the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby covenants and agrees that it will comply with or cause the compliance with, (i) all of the facts and assumptions (whether regarding such Loan Party or any other Persons) set forth in the Insolvency Opinion or any Additional Insolvency Opinion in all material 
 DB1 149149761.5 

respects, (ii) all of the representations, warranties and covenants in this Exhibit C in all material respects, and (iii) all of the organizational documents of such Loan Party in all material respects. 
 Cause means, with respect to the Independent Director, (i) acts or omissions by such Independent Director, that constitute willful disregard of, or gross negligence with respect to, such Independent Director s duties, (ii) such Independent Director has engaged in or has been charged with or has been indicted or convicted for any crime or crimes of fraud or other acts constituting a crime under any law applicable to such Independent Director, (iii) such Independent Director, has breached its fiduciary duties of loyalty and care as and to the extent of such duties in accordance with the terms of the applicable Loan Party s organizational documents of (iv) there is a material increase in the fees charged by such Independent Director or a material change to such Independent Director s terms of service, (v) such Independent Director is unable to perform his or her duties as Independent Director as applicable, due to death, disability or incapacity, or (vi) such Independent Director no longer meets the definition of Independent Director. 
 Independent Director means a natural person selected by the applicable Loan Party (a) with prior experience as an independent director, independent manager or independent member, (b) with at least three (3) years of employment experience, (c) who is provided by a Nationally Recognized Service Company, (d) who is duly appointed as an Independent Director and is not, will not be while serving as Independent Director (except pursuant to an express provision in the applicable Loan Party s operating agreement providing for the appointment of such Independent Director to become a special member upon the last remaining member of Borrower or Equity Owner ceasing to be a member of such Loan Party) and shall not have been at any time during the preceding five (5) years, any of the following 
 (i) a stockholder, member (other than a Special Member), director (other than as an Independent Director), officer, employee, partner, attorney or counsel of any Loan Party, any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party 
 (ii) a customer, supplier or other Person who derives any of its purchases or revenues from its activities with any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party or a creditor to any Relevant Party 
 (iii) a Person or other entity Controlling or under common Control with any such stockholder, partner, customer, supplier or other Person described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above 
 (iv) a member of the immediate family of any such stockholder, director, officer, employee, partner, customer, supplier or other Person described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above or 
 (v) employee of a law firm that has provided legal services of any kind to any Relevant Party. 
 A natural person who otherwise satisfies the foregoing definition and satisfies subparagraph (i) by reason of being the Independent Director of a special purpose entity affiliated with a Loan Party shall be qualified to serve as an Independent Director of a Loan Party, provided that the fees that such individual earns from serving as Independent Director of Affiliates of such Loan Party in any given year constitute in the aggregate less than five percent (5.0 of such individual s annual income for that year. 
 A natural person who satisfies the foregoing definition other than clause (ii) shall not be disqualified from serving as an Independent Director of a Loan Party if such individual is an independent director, independent manager or special manager provided by a Nationally Recognized Service 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Company that provides professional independent directors, independent managers and special managers and also provides other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Nationally Recognized Service Company means any of CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, National Corporate Research, Ltd., United Corporate Services, Inc., Independent Member Services LLC or such other nationally recognized company that provides independent director, independent manager or independent member services and that is reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, in each case that is not an Affiliate of any Relevant Party and that provides professional independent directors and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business. 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT D 
 FORM OF CASH MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 (Attached) 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT E 
 FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Compliance Certificate 
 Borrower Letterhead 
 To Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company (collectively, with their respective successors and assigns, Lenders 
 From VB Nine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and assigns, collectively, Borrower 
 Re Compliance Certificate dated _________________ , 20 _ 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2024, by and among Borrower and Lenders (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement . 
 Pursuant to Section 5.31.1(d) of the Agreement, the undersigned officer of Borrower hereby certifies that 
 1. The financial information of Borrower required to be provided for the calendar quarter year ended March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 , 2022 (the Calculation Date pursuant to Section 5.31.1 of the Agreement and the calculations attached on Schedule 1 hereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower. 
 2. Such officer has reviewed the terms of the Agreement and has made, or caused to be made under his her supervision, a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and condition of Borrower during the accounting period covered by the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.31.1 of the Agreement. 
 3. Such review has not disclosed the existence on and as of the date hereof, and the undersigned does not have knowledge of the existence, as of the date hereof, of any event or condition that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, except for such conditions or events listed on Schedule 2 hereto, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under Section 8.1(n) of the Loan Agreement as demonstrated on Schedule 1 hereto. 
 4. As of the date of this Compliance Certificate, no Property is a Disqualified Property. 
 5. As of the date of this Compliance Certificate, all Property Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges have been paid with respect to the Properties before any such Property Taxes, HOA Fees or Other Charges became delinquent, subject to any contest conducted in accordance with Section 4.8 of the Agreement. 
 DB1 149149761.5 

6. Attached hereto as Schedule 3 is the monthly cost of the insurance required under Section 6.1 of the Agreement. 
 7. Attached hereto as Schedule 4 is a schedule of the Capital Expenditures made at each Property for (i) the calendar quarter year ended on the Calculation Date and (ii) the 12 month period ended on the Calculation Date. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW 
 DB1 149149761.5 

This Compliance Certificate is executed by the undersigned this ____ day of _____________, 20__. 
 VB Nine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By Name Title 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Financial Covenant 
 Debt Service Coverage. The Debt Service Coverage Ratio for the 12-month period ended on the Calculation Date is calculated as follows 
 I. Debt Service Coverage Ratio. 
 A. Underwritten Net Cash Flow as of the Calculation Date ______________ B. Debt Service for such 12 month period ______________ C. Debt Service Coverage Ratio 1. (Line A Line B) _____ 1.00 2. Minimum Required _____ 1.00 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE 2 
 Events of Default 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE 3 
 Cost of Insurance 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE 4 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF RENT DEPOSIT ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 (Attached) 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT G 
 FORM OF TENANT DIRECTION LETTER 
 ______________ , 20 _ 
 TENANT 
 Re Describe Lease (the Lease 
 To Whom It May Concern 
 Please be advised of new Lease payment instructions for your home effective immediately. All payments due under the Lease should be delivered as follows 
 (i) If by check, money order, or its equivalent, please mail such items to 
 INSERT LOCKBOX ACCT. OR CASH MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT INFO 
 Attention Facsimile No. 
 (ii) If by wire transfer to 
 INSERT LOCKBOX ACCT. OR CASH MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT INFO 
 Payee 
 ABA Routing # For Account Account # Bank Contact 
 This payment direction may not be rescinded or altered, except by a written direction signed by ____________ , its successors and or assigns or its agent. The foregoing payment direction is irrevocable, except with the written consent of our mortgagee, ____________ (or its successors or assigns), notwithstanding any future contrary request or direction from the undersigned or any other person (other than ____________ (or its successors or assigns)). 
 Thank you for your cooperation. 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Very truly yours, VB Nine, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By Name Title 

DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT H 
 Reserved 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT I 
 FORM OF DATA TAPE 
 Form on file with Borrowers, and Lenders 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT J 
 FORM OF LEASE 
 On File with Diligence Agent and Lenders 
 DB1 149149761.5 

EXHIBIT K 
 TARGET PROPERTY CRITERIA 
 
 1. Less than fifty percent (50 of Aggregate Appraised Value shall be attributable to Properties in the top two states. 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE I 
 
 Reserved 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 DATA TAPE 
 
 # Property ID Pool Address ALA 1 650016 Loan A 2285 Ontario Street, Columbus, OH 43211 108,000.00 2 650052 Loan A 312 S Fenton Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 129,600.00 3 650047 Loan A 3540 Alamosa Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45251 126,000.00 4 650059 Loan A 5567 Harrison Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45248 129,600.00 5 650084 Loan A 37 Gebhart St, Dayton, OH 45410 104,400.00 6 650163 Loan A 1605 Clover Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45224 144,000.00 7 650161 Loan A 1822 De Armand Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 126,000.00 8 650158 Loan A 1701 Huy Rd, Columbus, OH 43224 147,600.00 9 650178 Loan A 223 N Wayne Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 158,400.00 10 650205 Loan A 899 Pauline Ave, Columbus, OH 43224 135,360.00 11 650206 Loan A 65 La Venta Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 95,760.00 12 650216 Loan A 2790 Atwood Terrace, Columbus, OH 43211 115,200.00 13 650215 Loan A 2241 Safford Ave, Columbus, OH 43223 122,400.00 14 650290 Loan A 1633 Striebel Rd, Columbus, OH 43227 136,800.00 15 650316 Loan A 9835 Luna Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63125 126,000.00 16 650339 Loan A 2524 Niagara St, Cincinnati, OH 45231 142,560.00 17 650347 Loan A 220 S Yearling Road, Whitehall, OH 43213 144,000.00 18 650400 Loan A 1027 Colgate Road, Columbus, OH 43213 136,800.00 19 650437 Loan A 559 Whitethorne, Columbus, OH 43223 117,360.00 20 650461 Loan A 225 Wedge Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 78,480.00 21 650480 Loan A 259 S Warren Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 126,000.00 22 650524 Loan A 9279 Yorkridge Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 126,000.00 23 650522 Loan A 2744 Haig Ave, Dayton, OH 45419 108,000.00 24 650527 Loan A 811 Bellaire Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 129,600.00 25 650544 Loan A 880 Tyson Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 97,200.00 26 650560 Loan A 3378 Roswell Dr, Columbus, OH 43227 158,400.00 27 650572 Loan A 1519 Grovewood Dr, Columbus, OH 43207 126,000.00 28 650620 Loan A 2007 Sundale Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 133,200.00 29 650641 Loan A 7357 Hawthorne Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63130 100,800.00 30 650643 Loan A 1878 Jermain Dr, Columbus, OH 43219 108,000.00 31 650649 Loan A 3685 Woodman Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 32 650674 Loan A 1 Deerhill Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45218 151,200.00 33 650695 Loan A 3998 Hamblen Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45255 165,600.00 34 650707 Loan A 5382 Mendon Ct, Columbus, OH 43232 194,400.00 35 650717 Loan A 1042 S Hampton Road, Columbus, OH 43227 115,200.00 36 650724 Loan A 1607 Briarwood Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 97,200.00 37 650725 Loan A 8634 Desoto Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 126,000.00 38 650760 Loan A 2723 Legrove Cir, Cincinnati, OH 45239 144,000.00 39 650772 Loan A 3416 Sims Ave, Saint Ann, MO 63074 64,800.00 40 650804 Loan A 5145 Rutledge Drive, Columbus, OH 43232 162,000.00 41 650811 Loan A 5565 Ehrling Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45227 190,800.00 42 650820 Loan A 1989 Lotushill Drive, Springfield Twp., OH 45240 118,800.00 43 650892 Loan A 858 S Weyant Ave, Columbus, OH 43227 126,000.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

44 651059 Loan A 4529 N 37th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 45 651086 Loan A 127 S Hartnett Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 126,000.00 46 650966 Loan A 248 Lowell Rd, Columbus, OH 43209 136,800.00 47 651000 Loan A 4502 June Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63121 61,200.00 48 651023 Loan A 235 Saint Edward Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 104,400.00 49 651018 Loan A 1120 Aspen Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 105,120.00 50 651035 Loan A 65 Capri Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 111,600.00 51 650978 Loan A 3285 Greenway Chase Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 133,200.00 52 651080 Loan A 2142 Coldbrook Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 53 651100 Loan A 1710 Lancashire Rd, Columbus, OH 43219 136,800.00 54 651136 Loan A 4428 June Ave, St Louis, MO 63121 86,400.00 55 651185 Loan A 5759 Bridgetown Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45248 180,000.00 56 651214 Loan A 326 Tiffin Avenue, St Louis, MO 63135 97,200.00 57 651230 Loan A 8305 Garfield Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 64,800.00 58 735079 Loan A 410 Carl St, Mt Oliver, PA 15210 64,800.00 59 731322 Loan A 680 Hamilton St, Monroeville, PA 15146 55,440.00 60 680130 Loan A 5279 Relluk Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45238 142,560.00 61 680083 Loan A 1922 Bising Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 144,000.00 62 680140 Loan A 6992 Clovernook Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 162,000.00 63 680034 Loan A 114 Ridgeway Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45216 100,800.00 64 744522 Loan A 6616 S 30th St, Omaha, NE 68107 129,600.00 65 682538 Loan A 4611 Normandy Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 108,000.00 66 680087 Loan A 759 Rogers Rd, Villa Hills, KY 41017 223,200.00 67 680070 Loan A 6834 Bake Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 118,800.00 68 683016 Loan A 373 Fairhill Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 46,800.00 69 680122 Loan A 8796 Balboa Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 122,400.00 70 680276 Loan A 620 S Saint Jacques St, Florissant, MO 63031 108,000.00 71 680196 Loan A 901 Delaird Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 68,400.00 72 680001 Loan A 3685 Muddy Creek Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45238 136,800.00 73 682529 Loan A 3141 Oak Forest Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 39,600.00 74 680112 Loan A 2560 Adams Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45231 115,200.00 75 680311 Loan A 1100 S Waterford Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 115,200.00 76 680111 Loan A 9654 Sacramento St, Cincinnati, OH 45231 126,000.00 77 680288 Loan A 1060 Ermanda Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 104,400.00 78 680104 Loan A 5529 Windridge Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45248 144,000.00 79 680226 Loan A 7206 Clover Ln, Hazelwood, MO 63042 100,800.00 80 680179 Loan A 10365 Nashua Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 82,800.00 81 680007 Loan A 8760 Zodiac Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 133,200.00 82 651332 Loan A 2033 Bella Clare Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 63,360.00 83 685006 Loan A 3045 Suncrest Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 82,800.00 84 682509 Loan A 945 Valencia St, Jackson, MS 39204 79,200.00 85 680268 Loan A 1055 Cheyenne Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 105,048.00 86 680015 Loan A 1255 Wabash Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45215 174,240.00 87 683021 Loan A 270 Mikell St, Jackson, MS 39212 32,400.00 88 682510 Loan A 5838 Medallion Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 89 710047 Loan A 5332 N Hardesty Ave, Kansas City, MO 64119 151,200.00 90 680115 Loan A 3717 Concord Dr, Erlanger, KY 41018 149,040.00 91 651329 Loan A 3215 Chicory Creek Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 129,600.00 92 680315 Loan A 116 Foote Ave, Bellevue, KY 41073 162,000.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

93 684071 Loan A 7063 Cobblestone Dr, Memphis, TN 38125 151,200.00 94 684119 Loan A 5374 Banbury Ave, Memphis, TN 38135 176,400.00 95 684084 Loan A 3621 Bishops Bridge Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 82,800.00 96 651388 Loan A 11038 Saginaw Dr, St Louis, MO 63136 104,400.00 97 651396 Loan A 9845 Loralinda Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45251 165,600.00 98 651515 Loan A 10210 Wheeling Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 131,760.00 99 651520 Loan A 1735 Emery Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 75,600.00 100 651622 Loan A 1804 E 83rd Ter, Kansas City, MO 64132 46,800.00 101 651647 Loan A 6207 E 99th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 144,000.00 102 651662 Loan A 1113 Haley Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63121 79,200.00 103 651588 Loan A 4607 Mersington Ave, Kansas City, MO 64130 97,200.00 104 651771 Loan A 6231 Hammel Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45237 154,800.00 105 651808 Loan A 10030 Lance Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 104,400.00 106 651812 Loan A 4086 Haliburton St, Memphis, TN 38128 97,200.00 107 651822 Loan A 5809 N 70th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 108 651817 Loan A 4245 Ellery Dr, Columbus, OH 43227 129,600.00 109 651834 Loan A 2917 NE Jaudon St, Kansas City, MO 64117 126,000.00 110 651857 Loan A 4950 N 19th Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53209 97,200.00 111 651852 Loan A 8108 W Scranton Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53218 136,800.00 112 651966 Loan A 7748 Trisa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46227 165,600.00 113 651976 Loan A 7828 Trisa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46227 172,800.00 114 651965 Loan A 7746 Trisa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46227 165,600.00 115 651962 Loan A 7736 Trisa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46227 165,600.00 116 652011 Loan A 6953 Corbitt Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63130 68,400.00 117 652002 Loan A 3946 N Layman Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 108,000.00 118 652082 Loan A 371 Bonita Dr, Memphis, TN 38109 80,640.00 119 652125 Loan A 3837 Lawler Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63121 64,800.00 120 652110 Loan A 3517 Manola Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63121 90,000.00 121 652136 Loan A 7054 Minnie Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63136 43,200.00 122 652152 Loan A 4053 Sawyer St, Indianapolis, IN 46226 140,400.00 123 652153 Loan A 8419 E 34th Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46226 126,000.00 124 652170 Loan A 1138 Adkins Blvd, Jackson, MS 39211 104,400.00 125 652191 Loan A 8632 W Douglas Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 133,200.00 126 652252 Loan A 15 Hanover Dr, little rock, AR 72209 79,200.00 127 652310 Loan A 5714 N 40th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 90,000.00 128 652307 Loan A 3414 Forest Hill Rd, Jackson, MS 39212 57,600.00 129 652341 Loan A 7826 W Winfield Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 108,000.00 130 652396 Loan A 3019 N Holton St, Milwaukee, WI 53212 93,600.00 131 652384 Loan A 700 Beulah Rd, Penn Hills, PA 15235 72,000.00 132 652388 Loan A 337 Augusta St, Penn Hills, PA 15235 122,400.00 133 652438 Loan A 8326 Woodhurst Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63134 75,600.00 134 652490 Loan A 3823 NE 42nd Ter, Kansas City, MO 64117 165,600.00 135 652500 Loan A 4568 Westerville Rd, Columbus, OH 43231 141,120.00 136 652531 Loan A 5905 Annex Ct, St Louis, MO 63135 70,560.00 137 652544 Loan A 4979 N 54th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 108,000.00 138 652543 Loan A 4430 N 64th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 133,200.00 139 652570 Loan A 521 Plantmore Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 100,800.00 140 652610 Loan A 5574 Hartsdale Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 108,000.00 141 652619 Loan A 8240 W Winfield Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 140,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

142 652637 Loan A 427 Ford St, West Mifflin, PA 15122 104,400.00 143 652633 Loan A 341 Forest Ave, Jackson, MS 39206 90,000.00 144 652654 Loan A 3452 Alpine Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46226 129,600.00 145 652701 Loan A 6966 Sisto St, Verona, PA 15147 79,200.00 146 652718 Loan A 33 S Schlueter Ave, St Louis, MO 63135 122,400.00 147 652815 Loan A 1201 Bellaire Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 115,200.00 148 652854 Loan A 520 Center Hill Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15239 111,600.00 149 652911 Loan A 231 Clearview Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15205 133,200.00 150 652913 Loan A 4315 N 53rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 79,200.00 151 652969 Loan A 7233 Berkridge Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 118,800.00 152 652983 Loan A 10621 Trask Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 93,600.00 153 653007 Loan A 9843 Maurine Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 118,800.00 154 653018 Loan A 751 Broad Blvd, Kettering, OH 45419 122,400.00 155 653031 Loan A 8593 Sunlight Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 165,600.00 156 653068 Loan A 4614 Manila Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 93,600.00 157 653076 Loan A 14924 Fuller Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 136,800.00 158 653084 Loan A 9632 Wallace Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 151,200.00 159 653109 Loan A 746 Broadway St, East Mc Keesport, PA 15035 75,600.00 160 653129 Loan A 6238 W Lisbon Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53210 147,600.00 161 653131 Loan A 1205 Little Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 122,400.00 162 653134 Loan A 307 Pearl Dr, Pearl, MS 39208 108,000.00 163 653157 Loan A 2625 S Walcott St, Indianapolis, IN 46203 105,840.00 164 653169 Loan A 1951 S 55th St, West Allis, WI 53219 169,200.00 165 653170 Loan A 1324 Norton Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46227 122,400.00 166 653198 Loan A 507 Robert Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 86,400.00 167 653199 Loan A 3070 N Waterford Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 172,800.00 168 653221 Loan A 1537 S 59th St, West Allis, WI 53214 183,600.00 169 653228 Loan A 4182 N 77th St, Milwaukee, WI 53222 133,200.00 170 653246 Loan A 2905 N 53rd St, Kansas City, KS 66104 93,600.00 171 653364 Loan A 730 W Sharon Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45240 162,000.00 172 653388 Loan A 345 Shroyer Rd, Dayton, OH 45419 124,560.00 173 653391 Loan A 231 Pemberton Dr, Pearl, MS 39208 108,000.00 174 653399 Loan A 11210 Oakland Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 110,880.00 175 653408 Loan A 4353 N 15th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 86,400.00 176 653415 Loan A 309 Carol Ln, Union, OH 45322 108,720.00 177 653422 Loan A 5241 N 50th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 114,480.00 178 653441 Loan A 522 Justus St, Carnegie, PA 15106 126,000.00 179 653442 Loan A 735 McCoy Rd, McKees Rocks, PA 15136 133,200.00 180 653451 Loan A 4346 N Irwin Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 133,200.00 181 653462 Loan A 125 Brandy Run Rd, Brandon, MS 39047 158,400.00 182 653472 Loan A 226 S Gladstone Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46201 100,800.00 183 653479 Loan A 2638 S 5th St, Columbus, OH 43207 151,200.00 184 653496 Loan A 1694 Hopkins Ave, Columbus, OH 43223 122,400.00 185 653508 Loan A 5310 Pine Lane Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 186 653515 Loan A 1253 Hemlock Dr, Fairborn, OH 45324 118,800.00 187 653539 Loan A 2035 Fairlawn St, Wilkinsburg, PA 15221 102,960.00 188 653535 Loan A 4115 Goldenrod Ct, Dayton, OH 45416 90,720.00 189 653542 Loan A 2002 N 40th St, Omaha, NE 68111 79,200.00 190 653554 Loan A 7740 Timber Hill Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 158,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

191 653589 Loan A 3220 Overlook Dr, McKeesport, PA 15133 86,400.00 192 653611 Loan A 5707 Meadowbrook Ln, North Little Rock, AR 72118 115,200.00 193 653622 Loan A 504 Marbury St, Pearl, MS 39208 97,200.00 194 653635 Loan A 4161 N Montreal St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 136,800.00 195 653665 Loan A 438 N 14th Ave, Beech Grove, IN 46107 151,200.00 196 653686 Loan A 5239 N 45th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 108,000.00 197 653681 Loan A 6157 E 42nd St, Indianapolis, IN 46226 144,000.00 198 653683 Loan A 4143 Flamingo E Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 136,800.00 199 653691 Loan A 6623 Lake Forest Dr, Jackson, MS 39213 54,000.00 200 653701 Loan A 4249 N 87th St, Milwaukee, WI 53222 147,600.00 201 653718 Loan A 11202 Oakland Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 202 653720 Loan A 734 Montclair Pl, Jackson, MS 39206 54,000.00 203 653724 Loan A 3707 Everett Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 122,400.00 204 653731 Loan A 5331 Pinelane Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 111,600.00 205 653742 Loan A 1718 Nichols Rd, Little Rock, AR 72205 90,000.00 206 653795 Loan A 6751 Kenwood Dr, St Louis, MO 63121 54,000.00 207 653798 Loan A 4149 N 50th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 133,200.00 208 653830 Loan A 1836 S Smithville Rd, Dayton, OH 45420 85,680.00 209 653829 Loan A 5063 Sabra Ave, Huber Heights, OH 45424 133,200.00 210 653857 Loan A 613 Church St, Benton, AR 72015 104,400.00 211 653876 Loan A 135 S Barat Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 100,800.00 212 653869 Loan A 636 S Ashburton Rd, Columbus, OH 43213 172,800.00 213 653885 Loan A 48 Rosemont Dr, little rock, AR 72204 97,200.00 214 653889 Loan A 1356 Loretta Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 151,200.00 215 653896 Loan A 2316 S Vermont Ave, Independence, MO 64052 115,200.00 216 653895 Loan A 7727 W Townsend St, Milwaukee, WI 53222 144,000.00 217 653935 Loan A 6562 Corbitt Ave, St Louis, MO 63130 129,600.00 218 653929 Loan A 6487 Simpson Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 118,800.00 219 653949 Loan A 5372 N 52nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 220 653967 Loan A 1004 Harvard Ave, Fairborn, OH 45324 97,200.00 221 653968 Loan A 6901 Morley Ln, Dayton, OH 45424 144,000.00 222 653984 Loan A 9818 Wheeling Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 147,600.00 223 653995 Loan A 3212 Dickinson Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 165,600.00 224 654007 Loan A 4017 Edenburg Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 72,000.00 225 654013 Loan A 103 Lexington Ave, Florence, KY 41042 151,200.00 226 654016 Loan A 101 Sundew Pl, Jackson, MS 39212 100,800.00 227 654057 Loan A 7411 W Burleigh St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 118,800.00 228 654023 Loan A 11405 Richmond Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 106,560.00 229 690203 Loan A 1610 Gallop Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 118,800.00 230 695056 Loan A 1465 Wadsworth Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 104,400.00 231 690115 Loan A 1210 Acredale Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 115,848.00 232 690017 Loan A 823 Lightwood Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 118,800.00 233 690177 Loan A 1065 Greeley Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 105,840.00 234 654064 Loan A 7649 W Clovernook St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 147,600.00 235 690057 Loan A 460 Skylark Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 108,000.00 236 690022 Loan A 2075 Collier Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 133,200.00 237 690198 Loan A 1635 Beverly Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 238 690209 Loan A 2521 Littlefield Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 136,800.00 239 654059 Loan A 6531 N 106th St, Milwaukee, WI 53224 208,800.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

240 654065 Loan A 6514 N 53rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 154,800.00 241 654034 Loan A 3029 Ida St, Omaha, NE 68112 79,200.00 242 654028 Loan A 3848 Dieckman Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45245 158,400.00 243 654036 Loan A 7719 E 51st St, Kansas City, MO 64129 126,000.00 244 654039 Loan A 1065 Dora Cv, Memphis, TN 38122 89,280.00 245 654047 Loan A 4530 N 77th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 122,400.00 246 654093 Loan A 6338 N 33rd St, Omaha, NE 68111 133,200.00 247 654097 Loan A 6224 Fontenelle Blvd, Omaha, NE 68111 136,800.00 248 654114 Loan A 1065 Penhurst Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 109,440.00 249 654113 Loan A 5308 Willow Ave, Raytown, MO 64133 118,800.00 250 654109 Loan A 3823 Barberry St, Memphis, TN 38128 97,200.00 251 654126 Loan A 236 E Willock Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15227 136,800.00 252 654122 Loan A 3116 Hobart Ave, Dayton, OH 45429 108,000.00 253 654132 Loan A 619 W Charles Ct, Independence, MO 64055 108,000.00 254 654155 Loan A 118 Kildare Ct, Jackson, MS 39209 93,600.00 255 654151 Loan A 11012 Monroe Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46229 138,960.00 256 654153 Loan A 1826 Nollhill St, Pittsburgh, PA 15207 136,800.00 257 654176 Loan A 3027 Marwood Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 86,400.00 258 654170 Loan A 7781 Midforest Ct, Dayton, OH 45424 126,000.00 259 654178 Loan A 8110 W Kiehnau Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53223 162,000.00 260 654190 Loan A 10824 Sprucehill Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45240 140,400.00 261 654216 Loan A 5620 W Philip Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53216 140,400.00 262 654220 Loan A 2004 Jenner Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63138 133,200.00 263 654215 Loan A 7055 W Acacia St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 154,800.00 264 654239 Loan A 626 S Hardy Ave, Independence, MO 64053 79,200.00 265 654247 Loan A 4431 N 54th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 108,000.00 266 654242 Loan A 4971 N 52nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 111,600.00 267 654237 Loan A 3393 Alexis Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45239 172,800.00 268 654262 Loan A 46 Florence Ave, Columbus, OH 43228 126,000.00 269 654271 Loan A 262 State St, Fairborn, OH 45324 94,320.00 270 654287 Loan A 2766 N 44th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 136,800.00 271 654288 Loan A 4956 N 36th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 272 654291 Loan A 5845 N 42nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 100,800.00 273 654313 Loan A 994 Sunbury Rd, Columbus, OH 43219 129,600.00 274 654307 Loan A 225 Rowland Ave, Jackson, MS 39209 68,400.00 275 654309 Loan A 3111 Ponderosa Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 43,200.00 276 654315 Loan A 3782 Harvest Way, Elsmere, KY 41018 144,000.00 277 654327 Loan A 2040 Ave A, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 136,800.00 278 654341 Loan A 262 S Dade Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 194,400.00 279 654353 Loan A 10928 Bristol Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 122,400.00 280 654335 Loan A 709 Franklin Dr, Clinton, MS 39056 158,400.00 281 654349 Loan A 4573 Roblar Hills Dr, Englewood, OH 45322 148,320.00 282 654337 Loan A 109 Sproles St, Clinton, MS 39056 122,400.00 283 654382 Loan A 4688 N 69th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 136,800.00 284 654381 Loan A 163 Eltonwoods Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 115,200.00 285 654398 Loan A 5256 N 36th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 100,800.00 286 654391 Loan A 636 Margaret St, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 126,000.00 287 654399 Loan A 4640 N 38th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 68,400.00 288 654387 Loan A 337 Earl Dr, Spartanburg, SC 29306 169,200.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

289 654433 Loan A 2211 Huntington Ave, St Louis, MO 63114 90,000.00 290 654453 Loan A 1626 Holman St, Covington, KY 41011 126,000.00 291 654445 Loan A 404 Green Oak Dr, North Little Rock, AR 72118 108,000.00 292 654465 Loan A 1417 Corinth Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 86,400.00 293 654473 Loan A 507 Oliver St, Covington, KY 41014 111,600.00 294 654477 Loan A 1333 5th Pl NW, Center Point, AL 35215 79,200.00 295 654482 Loan A 310 Newton Dr, Birmingham, AL 35228 79,200.00 296 654501 Loan A 1141 Carnation Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 90,000.00 297 654498 Loan A 5323 Pine Lane Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 298 654503 Loan A 2230 N Butler Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46218 79,200.00 299 654504 Loan A 116 S Hartnett Ave, St Louis, MO 63135 82,800.00 300 654506 Loan A 11306 Crystal Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 301 654524 Loan A 1725 N Audubon Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46218 104,400.00 302 654562 Loan A 2469 N 46th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 108,000.00 303 654557 Loan A 2030 S 56th St, Milwaukee, WI 53219 118,800.00 304 654570 Loan A 4150 Halworth Rd, Dayton, OH 45405 82,800.00 305 654605 Loan A 5532 N 55th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 306 654615 Loan A 701 W Jones St, Independence, MO 64050 126,000.00 307 654621 Loan A 4130 Mellis Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 90,000.00 308 654632 Loan A 3300 Ave A, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 129,600.00 309 654640 Loan A 6812 Bartmer Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63130 133,200.00 310 654636 Loan A 1144 Chelsea Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 133,200.00 311 654646 Loan A 1130 Hallwood Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 122,400.00 312 654665 Loan A 3 Baker Ct, Dayton, OH 45426 104,400.00 313 654668 Loan A 601 Rhoads Ave, Columbus, OH 43205 115,200.00 314 654723 Loan A 3134 Allison Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46224 118,800.00 315 654689 Loan A 521 Stevenson Rd, Erlanger, KY 41018 169,200.00 316 654692 Loan A 1007 5th St, Verona, PA 15147 95,040.00 317 654717 Loan A 7005 E 112th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 111,600.00 318 654719 Loan A 6 Betty Jean Cir, Little Rock, AR 72209 97,200.00 319 654730 Loan A 4335 Colby Ave, Columbus, OH 43227 144,000.00 320 654868 Loan A 260 Du Bourg Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 82,800.00 321 654841 Loan A 1757 Utica Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 115,200.00 322 654849 Loan A 4088 Waterbury Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 118,800.00 323 654829 Loan A 2264 Renshaw Ave, Dayton, OH 45439 118,800.00 324 654805 Loan A 4810 Loxley Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 129,600.00 325 654808 Loan A 2062 Lynpark Ave, Dayton, OH 45439 128,160.00 326 654820 Loan A 1854 Nash Ct, Dayton, OH 45439 122,400.00 327 654818 Loan A 2143 Milesburn Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 127,440.00 328 654763 Loan A 3731 Cordell Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 129,600.00 329 654825 Loan A 2104 Owendale Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 122,400.00 330 654819 Loan A 2111 Milesburn Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 128,880.00 331 654797 Loan A 4885 Lamme Rd, Moraine, OH 45439 126,000.00 332 654753 Loan A 4870 Babylon St, Dayton, OH 45439 126,000.00 333 654909 Loan A 242 Clay Dr, Penn Hills, PA 15235 126,000.00 334 654922 Loan A 7063 Bedford Ave, Omaha, NE 68104 118,800.00 335 654935 Loan A 2600 6th Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 113,400.00 336 654937 Loan A 1206 Valleyview St, Greensboro, NC 27405 115,200.00 337 654942 Loan A 3858 Antoinette Dr, Montgomery, AL 36111 100,800.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

338 654946 Loan A 3312 Young Forest Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 126,000.00 339 654945 Loan A 2643 Portsmouth Pl, Hephzibah, GA 30815 154,800.00 340 654958 Loan A 776 Wofford St, Spartanburg, SC 29301 108,000.00 341 654959 Loan A 780 Wofford St, Spartanburg, SC 29301 108,000.00 342 655181 Loan A 8102 Frost Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63134 61,200.00 343 655176 Loan A 636 Science Hill Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 57,600.00 344 655123 Loan A 2385 Allen Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 131,040.00 345 655066 Loan A 1841 Shardell Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 108,000.00 346 655012 Loan A 11420 Criterion Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 100,800.00 347 655137 Loan A 2515 Dukeland Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 111,600.00 348 655165 Loan A 3629 Long Dr, Saint Ann, MO 63074 111,600.00 349 655150 Loan A 2695 Knollwood Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 122,400.00 350 655049 Loan A 1558 Brenthaven Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 124,560.00 351 655175 Loan A 6349 Honey Bee Ct, Florissant, MO 63033 118,800.00 352 655058 Loan A 1806 Stilton Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 118,800.00 353 655075 Loan A 2043 Farflung Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 129,600.00 354 655115 Loan A 2336 Millvalley Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 118,800.00 355 655146 Loan A 2571 Seascape Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 129,600.00 356 655036 Loan A 1331 Taos Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 122,400.00 357 655050 Loan A 2367 Periwinkle Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 129,600.00 358 655102 Loan A 2252 Central Parkway Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 136,800.00 359 655170 Loan A 4615 Robbins Grove Dr, Florissant, MO 63034 129,600.00 360 655207 Loan A 3607 N Hartman Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 108,000.00 361 655215 Loan A 2421 Acorn Dr, Kettering, OH 45419 165,600.00 362 655216 Loan A 1405 Beaverton Dr, Dayton, OH 45429 108,000.00 363 655247 Loan A 2612 Hazelwood Ave, Dayton, OH 45419 144,000.00 364 655235 Loan A 4838 Rainier Dr, Dayton, OH 45432 120,960.00 365 655242 Loan A 1449 Woodman Dr, Dayton, OH 45432 126,000.00 366 655240 Loan A 2800 E Stroop Rd, Kettering, OH 45440 201,600.00 367 655248 Loan A 1046 Primrose Dr, West Carrollton, OH 45449 121,680.00 368 655271 Loan A 1971 Courtyard Pl, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 369 655302 Loan A 2241 N Booth St, Milwaukee, WI 53212 162,000.00 370 655298 Loan A 9570 Pippin Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45231 115,200.00 371 655301 Loan A 6746 George Washington Dr, Jackson, MS 39213 61,200.00 372 655318 Loan A 2443 N 53rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 97,200.00 373 655338 Loan A 11825 Newcastle Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 152,640.00 374 655364 Loan A 508 Karey Dr, Center Point, AL 35215 118,800.00 375 655389 Loan A 3420 Seward St, Omaha, NE 68111 108,000.00 376 655387 Loan A 4624 N 29th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 104,400.00 377 655409 Loan A 10701 Chicot Rd, Mabelvale, AR 72103 81,360.00 378 655404 Loan A 615 S Green St, Brownsburg, IN 46112 169,200.00 379 655403 Loan A 5811 Brandt Pike, Dayton, OH 45424 133,200.00 380 655408 Loan A 155 Blackmon Rd, Jackson, MS 39272 154,800.00 381 655415 Loan A 2142 Webb St, Indianapolis, IN 46225 151,200.00 382 655414 Loan A 2829 Haig Ave, Dayton, OH 45419 118,800.00 383 655419 Loan A 335 Hyde Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 133,200.00 384 655429 Loan A 4535 N 37th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 385 655437 Loan A 5679 Tall Oaks Dr, Milford, OH 45150 158,400.00 386 655451 Loan A 2325 Ramsgate Dr, Columbia, SC 29210 116,640.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

387 655459 Loan A 3202 Donald Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46224 100,800.00 388 655473 Loan A 3621 Baywater Dr, Columbia, SC 29209 108,000.00 389 655493 Loan A 6804 Burton Dr, Little Rock, AR 72204 115,200.00 390 655484 Loan A 2907 Sydney St, Augusta, GA 30906 108,000.00 391 655517 Loan A 4118 Oakhill Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 93,600.00 392 655508 Loan A 2139 Silverdale Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 129,600.00 393 655577 Loan A 3453 Denver St, Memphis, TN 38127 97,200.00 394 655578 Loan A 3800 James Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 118,800.00 395 655585 Loan A 4068 Domenico Ct, Bridgeton, MO 63044 169,200.00 396 655586 Loan A 5900 Homedale St, Dayton, OH 45449 158,400.00 397 655583 Loan A 6205 E 152nd St, Grandview, MO 64030 133,200.00 398 655588 Loan A 1436 Geers Pl, Columbus, OH 43206 165,600.00 399 655605 Loan A 503 Ridgeview Dr, Dravosburg, PA 15034 113,760.00 400 655614 Loan A 4351 Elliot Ave, Dayton, OH 45410 99,360.00 401 655595 Loan A 220 Pine St, Bessemer, AL 35023 86,400.00 402 655597 Loan A 143 Wildflower Dr, Jacksonville, AR 72076 104,400.00 403 655640 Loan A 421 E Chambers St, Milwaukee, WI 53212 111,600.00 404 655655 Loan A 1537 Nixon Ave, St Louis, MO 63133 108,000.00 405 655656 Loan A 2356 Gardner Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 79,200.00 406 655679 Loan A 2580 Grasmere Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 100,800.00 407 655663 Loan A 3081 Grasmere Ave, Columbus, OH 43224 104,400.00 408 655686 Loan A 2558 E Aragon Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 122,400.00 409 655687 Loan A 4431 Greenmeadow Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 129,600.00 410 655735 Loan A 15 Colchester Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 143,280.00 411 655710 Loan A 5 Saint Pius Ct, Florissant, MO 63033 147,600.00 412 655729 Loan A 1365 Cardinal Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 413 655760 Loan A 3795 Helmkampf Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 144,000.00 414 655779 Loan A 2013 Jenner Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63138 133,200.00 415 655736 Loan A 1585 Jackson Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 122,400.00 416 655751 Loan A 2840 Dover Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 158,400.00 417 655728 Loan A 135 Village Circle Dr, Lake St Louis, MO 63367 176,400.00 418 655794 Loan A 6935 Lafayette Ave, Omaha, NE 68132 133,200.00 419 655809 Loan A 1318 Brookcliff Ave, Columbus, OH 43219 115,200.00 420 655846 Loan A 185 Monaco Ct, Jackson, MS 39204 72,000.00 421 655828 Loan A 7454 Sharzad Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46227 154,800.00 422 655816 Loan A 7428 Sharzad Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46227 149,760.00 423 655827 Loan A 7453 Sharzad Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46227 151,200.00 424 655831 Loan A 7461 Sharzad Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46227 144,000.00 425 655851 Loan A 2860 Norwood St, Columbus, OH 43224 122,400.00 426 655855 Loan A 3021 Carlsbad Ln, Indianapolis, IN 46241 147,600.00 427 655866 Loan A 3012 Walker St, Little Rock, AR 72204 86,400.00 428 655869 Loan A 9109 E 83rd Pl, Raytown, MO 64138 162,000.00 429 655875 Loan A 726 Melvenia St, Indianapolis, IN 46219 100,800.00 430 655888 Loan A 4695 Curundu Ave, Dayton, OH 45416 61,200.00 431 655913 Loan A 1113 Cedrow Dr, High Point, NC 27260 115,200.00 432 655892 Loan A 8407 E 34th St, Indianapolis, IN 46226 118,800.00 433 655917 Loan A 2719 Garden Brook Ct, Montgomery, AL 36116 79,200.00 434 655922 Loan A 1942 Cordova Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 97,200.00 435 655934 Loan A 1820 Sterling Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 108,000.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

436 655923 Loan A 8632 Balboa Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 122,400.00 437 655926 Loan A 1523 Meredith Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 111,600.00 438 655919 Loan A 1371 Biloxi Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 136,800.00 439 655924 Loan A 10949 Crystalhill Ct, Cincinnati, OH 45240 118,800.00 440 655945 Loan A 421 Avon Rd, Montgomery, AL 36109 100,800.00 441 655947 Loan A 4215 Grant St, Omaha, NE 68111 131,040.00 442 655958 Loan A 3328 Patterson Dr, Pearl, MS 39208 100,800.00 443 655959 Loan A 1939 Lincolnshire Blvd, Ridgeland, MS 39157 144,000.00 444 655970 Loan A 4339 N 40th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 75,600.00 445 655971 Loan A 11309 Greenwood Rd, Kansas City, MO 64134 104,400.00 446 655989 Loan A 9000 Richards Dr, Raytown, MO 64133 115,200.00 447 655994 Loan A 152 Wynnsum Trl, Lexington, SC 29073 158,400.00 448 656008 Loan A 1148 S Maple Ave, Fairborn, OH 45324 124,560.00 449 656009 Loan A 3014 S Norwood Ave, Independence, MO 64052 126,000.00 450 656037 Loan A 1513 Bauer Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 129,600.00 451 656036 Loan A 415 Brownstone Dr, Englewood, OH 45322 133,200.00 452 656041 Loan A 8949 Pippin Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45251 147,600.00 453 656053 Loan A 2788 Gibson Dr, Columbus, OH 43207 144,000.00 454 656084 Loan A 5636 N 28th Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 122,400.00 455 656079 Loan A 4928 Comstock Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 170,640.00 456 656121 Loan A 5704 N 38th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 457 656106 Loan A 8443 Engler Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 122,400.00 458 656093 Loan A 721 Jefferson Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 100,800.00 459 656114 Loan A 4389 Wolf Rd, Dayton, OH 45416 74,880.00 460 656097 Loan A 101 Dotson Pl, Jackson, MS 39213 64,800.00 461 656145 Loan A 1069 Meadowdale Ave, Columbus, OH 43219 122,400.00 462 656134 Loan A 2524 Argonne Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 115,200.00 463 656146 Loan A 3702 N Hartman Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 140,400.00 464 656138 Loan A 124 Thousand Oaks Cir, Jackson, MS 39212 111,600.00 465 656171 Loan A 2708 Kennedy Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 122,400.00 466 656173 Loan A 2555 Pheasant Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 467 656194 Loan A 3723 Franklin St, Omaha, NE 68111 126,000.00 468 656218 Loan A 4089 Meadow Dr, Memphis, TN 38111 82,800.00 469 656217 Loan A 4537 Whiteside St, Memphis, TN 38109 82,800.00 470 656257 Loan A 1507 W 27th Ter S, Independence, MO 64052 118,800.00 471 656268 Loan A 3846 Elmira Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 122,400.00 472 656267 Loan A 3020 Rivercliff Rd, Columbus, OH 43223 158,400.00 473 656295 Loan A 748 Western Park Dr, Memphis, TN 38109 87,120.00 474 656309 Loan A 2928 Panhandle Cir, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 475 656336 Loan A 1536 Briarwood Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 122,400.00 476 656335 Loan A 3693 Lisbon St, Kettering, OH 45429 144,000.00 477 656326 Loan A 3412 Gary Cir, Augusta, GA 30906 118,800.00 478 656347 Loan A 3718 N 13th St, Carter Lake, IA 51510 111,600.00 479 656341 Loan A 2088 Easthaven Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 181,440.00 480 656339 Loan A 323 Marshall St, Martinez, GA 30907 154,800.00 481 656366 Loan A 103 Yaupon Dr, Prattville, AL 36067 118,800.00 482 656361 Loan A 3506 Redd Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 483 656360 Loan A 260 Morningside Dr, Columbia, SC 29210 147,600.00 484 656365 Loan A 2814 Ravenwood Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 97,200.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

485 656384 Loan A 4362 N 41st St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 72,000.00 486 656377 Loan A 417 Tiffany Ln, Jackson, MS 39212 108,000.00 487 656408 Loan A 1012 E Northside Dr, Clinton, MS 39056 129,600.00 488 656411 Loan A 4685 Lone Rock Cv, Memphis, TN 38128 84,600.00 489 656437 Loan A 208 James Garfield Cir, Jackson, MS 39213 57,600.00 490 656431 Loan A 6633 E Aberdeen Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 119,520.00 491 656498 Loan A 2703 Hiawatha St, Columbus, OH 43211 104,400.00 492 656521 Loan A 4215 Colonial Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63121 104,400.00 493 656516 Loan A 400 Carol Ln, Englewood, OH 45322 129,600.00 494 656514 Loan A 8911 Fontainebleau Ter, Cincinnati, OH 45231 169,200.00 495 656518 Loan A 5526 Leibold Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 154,800.00 496 656519 Loan A 779 Ledbetter Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 86,400.00 497 656527 Loan A 3317 Davant St, Augusta, GA 30907 180,000.00 498 656526 Loan A 3818 Avondale Ct, Montgomery, AL 36109 92,880.00 499 656546 Loan A 4480 Kerwin Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 74,160.00 500 656575 Loan A 4045 Geraldine Ave, Saint Ann, MO 63074 90,000.00 501 656578 Loan A 3825 N Audubon Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46226 129,600.00 502 656579 Loan A 1325 Greenbrook Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 129,600.00 503 656595 Loan A 3231 N 77th St, Milwaukee, WI 53222 151,200.00 504 656640 Loan A 5303 N 45th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 90,000.00 505 656597 Loan A 7836 W Beckett Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 118,800.00 506 656634 Loan A 2349 Sumac Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 100,800.00 507 656633 Loan A 3427 Chadbourne St, Augusta, GA 30906 108,000.00 508 656635 Loan A 121 Raintree Ln, Hopkins, SC 29061 122,400.00 509 656651 Loan A 1554 Adams Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45231 115,200.00 510 656653 Loan A 1613 Arlington Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 144,000.00 511 656663 Loan A 2941 Biltmore Ave, Montgomery, AL 36109 111,600.00 512 656659 Loan A 4029 Nebraska Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 92,880.00 513 656670 Loan A 3640 N Temple Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46218 125,280.00 514 656677 Loan A 208 Oak Forest Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 100,800.00 515 656709 Loan A 120 Lodestone Dr, Englewood, OH 45322 133,920.00 516 656734 Loan A 2830 Frank St, Winston Salem, NC 27107 144,000.00 517 656735 Loan A 106 Fisher Ave, Spartanburg, SC 29301 118,800.00 518 656741 Loan A 7010 W Thurston Ct, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 519 656742 Loan A 4770 Jaynes St, Omaha, NE 68104 122,400.00 520 656743 Loan A 1707 Macintosh Ter, Augusta, GA 30906 108,000.00 521 656752 Loan A 408 Lewis Dr, Fairborn, OH 45324 111,600.00 522 656759 Loan A 4006 Hanging Moss Rd, Jackson, MS 39206 70,560.00 523 656766 Loan A 2952 Willow Lane Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 108,000.00 524 656781 Loan A 4344 N 52nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 108,000.00 525 656789 Loan A 5246 Honeywood Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 172,800.00 526 656791 Loan A 85 S Powell Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 129,600.00 527 656792 Loan A 2928 Ave G, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 111,600.00 528 656827 Loan A 496 Chelsea Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 93,600.00 529 656832 Loan A 11931 Sycamore Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 147,600.00 530 656833 Loan A 3671 E Wanda Ave, Cudahy, WI 53110 172,800.00 531 656840 Loan A 4727 Payton Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 111,600.00 532 656841 Loan A 7229 E 34th Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46226 126,000.00 533 656849 Loan A 3336 Northview Dr, Jackson, MS 39216 115,200.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

534 656852 Loan A 4827 Kyle Ln NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 126,000.00 535 656874 Loan A 2546 4th Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 115,200.00 536 656878 Loan A 1129 Haley Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63121 86,400.00 537 656887 Loan A 324 Clareknoll Ct, Cincinnati, OH 45238 187,200.00 538 656903 Loan A 505 Weinland St, New Carlisle, OH 45344 115,200.00 539 656909 Loan A 714 Long Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 108,000.00 540 656911 Loan A 216 Viehl Ave, St Louis, MO 63125 104,400.00 541 656931 Loan A 1068 Mount Vernon Rd, Memphis, TN 38111 74,880.00 542 656962 Loan A 1222 8th Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 129,600.00 543 656963 Loan A 1218 Carnahan Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15216 129,600.00 544 656965 Loan A 11204 Palmer Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 82,800.00 545 656967 Loan A 4332 N 15th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 79,200.00 546 656971 Loan A 1641 Edendale Rd, Dayton, OH 45432 111,600.00 547 656981 Loan A 2868 Hyannis Dr, CIncinnati, OH 45251 129,600.00 548 657000 Loan A 107 Blackburn Ave, Covington, KY 41015 147,600.00 549 657002 Loan A 5400 Naughton Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 133,200.00 550 657013 Loan A 2720 Crown Point Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 129,600.00 551 657024 Loan A 2104 Patterson Rd, Dayton, OH 45420 122,400.00 552 657027 Loan A 1933 Shollenberger Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 104,400.00 553 657032 Loan A 6065 G St, Omaha, NE 68117 121,680.00 554 657052 Loan A 229 Fordyce St, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 129,600.00 555 657070 Loan A 230 W Sharon Rd, Springdale, OH 45246 205,200.00 556 657073 Loan A 3613 Muddy Creek Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45238 147,600.00 557 657077 Loan A 9602 Ridge Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 111,600.00 558 657096 Loan A 754 Ledbetter Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 89,280.00 559 657106 Loan A 3337 Vermont Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 100,800.00 560 657112 Loan A 1295 Midway Ave, Columbus, OH 43207 140,400.00 561 657116 Loan A 1505 N Webster Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 115,200.00 562 657120 Loan A 7 Redwood Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 93,600.00 563 657135 Loan A 2715 Atlantic St SW, Huntsville, AL 35805 140,400.00 564 657154 Loan A 214 Forest Valley Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 100,800.00 565 657159 Loan A 1417 Evanston St, Sheraden, PA 15204 108,000.00 566 657165 Loan A 1730 Oakwood Ave, Columbus, OH 43207 172,800.00 567 657198 Loan A 3524 Flamingo Rd SW, Huntsville, AL 35805 140,400.00 568 657200 Loan A 1702 Fairlamb Ave, Columbia, SC 29223 129,600.00 569 657202 Loan A 5843 W Scott St, West Allis, WI 53214 158,400.00 570 657208 Loan A 2212 Cottingham Dr, Montgomery, AL 36106 118,800.00 571 657233 Loan A 10717 St Xavier Ln, St Ann, MO 63074 133,200.00 572 657239 Loan A 3357 Wedgewood Dr, Augusta, GA 30909 133,200.00 573 657240 Loan A 1395 Tahoe Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 129,600.00 574 657242 Loan A 970 Dewayne Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 100,800.00 575 657248 Loan A 725 Naomi Ave, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 576 657266 Loan A 10221 Clair Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 97,200.00 577 657267 Loan A 151 Charleston Dr, Penn Hills, PA 15235 93,600.00 578 657270 Loan A 1125 Cedrow Dr, High Point, NC 27260 122,400.00 579 657277 Loan A 802 Gordon St, High Point, NC 27260 118,800.00 580 657297 Loan A 8612 E Jamaica Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46219 140,400.00 581 657303 Loan A 3701 Hickory Cove Rd, Hephzibah, GA 30815 154,800.00 582 657306 Loan A 2550 Spirit Creek Rd, Hephzibah, GA 30815 126,720.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

583 657319 Loan A 7424 Werner Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 152,640.00 584 657320 Loan A 259 S Ashburton Rd, Columbus, OH 43213 151,200.00 585 657323 Loan A 296 Ticen St, Beech Grove, IN 46107 125,280.00 586 657324 Loan A 137 S 5th Ave, Beech Grove, IN 46107 122,400.00 587 657333 Loan A 3030 Arcadia Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 90,000.00 588 657351 Loan A 10 Crimson Ct, Columbia, SC 29229 151,200.00 589 657353 Loan A 4074 N 44th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 126,000.00 590 657356 Loan A 1311 Maple Dr, McKeesport, PA 15131 126,000.00 591 657376 Loan A 5172 Fishburg Rd, Dayton, OH 45424 149,760.00 592 657384 Loan A 2804 N 38th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 126,000.00 593 657406 Loan A 3938 Biscayne Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46226 104,400.00 594 657411 Loan A 5535 Melwood Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 111,600.00 595 657415 Loan A 1267 Peachtree St, Winston Salem, NC 27107 129,600.00 596 657426 Loan A 8820 E 84th Ter, Raytown, MO 64138 144,000.00 597 657427 Loan A 2305 Walton Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 111,600.00 598 657429 Loan A 5519 Mimosa Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 57,600.00 599 657436 Loan A 2828 Cranbrook Dr, Hephzibah, GA 30815 147,600.00 600 657437 Loan A 621 Vernon St, Columbia, SC 29203 111,600.00 601 657462 Loan A 8716 Kentucky Ave, Raytown, MO 64138 140,400.00 602 657464 Loan A 6784 Franklin St, Omaha, NE 68104 144,000.00 603 657475 Loan A 4012 Amberly Rd, Montgomery, AL 36116 90,000.00 604 657483 Loan A 3220 Norwich Ln, Indianapolis, IN 46224 115,200.00 605 657485 Loan A 4608 N 30th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 82,800.00 606 657494 Loan A 222 Highland Dr, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 129,600.00 607 657499 Loan A 1050 Peidmont Dr, Fairborn, OH 45324 156,960.00 608 657503 Loan A 9117 E 36th St, Indianapolis, IN 46235 97,200.00 609 657512 Loan A 1310 N Butler Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 140,400.00 610 657514 Loan A 2257 Curry Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 153,360.00 611 657516 Loan A 3018 Elmhurst Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 111,600.00 612 657523 Loan A 3446 N Hartman Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46239 104,400.00 613 657530 Loan A 8538 Montery Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46226 117,360.00 614 657533 Loan A 3824 Richelieu Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46226 129,600.00 615 657542 Loan A 3425 Tiffany Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 115,200.00 616 657551 Loan A 3448 Station St, Indianapolis, IN 46218 75,600.00 617 657556 Loan A 287 Forestwood Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45216 122,400.00 618 657565 Loan A 1960 Roosevelt Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45240 118,800.00 619 657569 Loan A 5300 Weddington Dr, Dayton, OH 45426 126,000.00 620 657579 Loan A 8232 W Winfield Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 140,400.00 621 657608 Loan A 8640 Balboa Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 118,800.00 622 657623 Loan A 4101 Diller Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 90,000.00 623 657626 Loan A 3218 Ave A, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 104,400.00 624 657633 Loan A 1118 Woodland Ave, McKeesport, PA 15133 85,680.00 625 657702 Loan A 1562 Duxberry Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 123,120.00 626 657703 Loan A 1482 E 26th Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 122,400.00 627 657715 Loan A 7106 Moberly Pl, Dayton, OH 45424 180,000.00 628 657717 Loan A 7339 E 34th Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46226 104,400.00 629 657737 Loan A 203 Caddis Creek Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 158,400.00 630 657764 Loan A 7712 E 111th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 115,200.00 631 657765 Loan A 7402 E 109th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

632 657767 Loan A 1400 Craig St, McKeesport, PA 15132 79,200.00 633 657792 Loan A 208 Cedar Cir, Bessemer, AL 35023 93,600.00 634 657800 Loan A 3793 Walmar Dr, Columbus, OH 43224 147,600.00 635 657835 Loan A 1529 Arlington Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 122,400.00 636 657844 Loan A 125 E Short Ave, Independence, MO 64050 115,200.00 637 657846 Loan A 1212 N 20th St, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 115,200.00 638 657859 Loan A 417 W Sherry Dr, Dayton, OH 45426 140,400.00 639 657888 Loan A 1476 Town And Country Dr, Southaven, MS 38671 154,800.00 640 657911 Loan A 2296 Milesburn Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 128,880.00 641 657919 Loan A 612 Hazel St, Pittsburgh, PA 15122 126,000.00 642 657921 Loan A 1634 S Beltline Blvd, Columbia, SC 29205 162,000.00 643 657926 Loan A 3008 Roxbury Ct, Augusta, GA 30906 79,200.00 644 657927 Loan A 3509 Primrose Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 115,200.00 645 657939 Loan A 1251 E Markwood Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46227 144,000.00 646 657958 Loan A 4319 Dunn St, jackson, MS 39211 118,800.00 647 696071 Loan A 603 Launcelot Rd, Jackson, MS 39206 25,200.00 648 696078 Loan A 641 Launcelot Rd, Jackson, MS 39206 36,000.00 649 657975 Loan A 394 Fernbrook Ave, Birmingham, AL 35215 87,120.00 650 658027 Loan A 2339 Henry Cir, Augusta, GA 30906 100,800.00 651 658028 Loan A 3616 N 61st St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 122,400.00 652 658042 Loan A 3806 W Hope Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53216 108,000.00 653 658067 Loan A 4944 N 27th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 111,600.00 654 658070 Loan A 5358 N 39th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 655 658073 Loan A 6621 N Yuba St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 144,000.00 656 658076 Loan A 8008 W Scranton Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53218 144,000.00 657 658080 Loan A 1888 Woodland Ave, Columbus, OH 43219 108,000.00 658 658083 Loan A 3448 Noe Bixby Rd, Columbus, OH 43232 144,000.00 659 658102 Loan A 3731 N 39th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 100,800.00 660 658104 Loan A 2430 N 54th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 93,600.00 661 658107 Loan A 5753 N 39th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 97,200.00 662 658108 Loan A 2934 N 41st St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 79,200.00 663 658112 Loan A 55 Haas Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 79,200.00 664 658138 Loan A 527 Shadowlawn Ave, Dayton, OH 45419 129,600.00 665 658141 Loan A 3716 N Rural St, Indianapolis, IN 46218 108,000.00 666 658145 Loan A 3614 Ave C, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 111,600.00 667 658160 Loan A 2302 Old Williamston Rd, Anderson, SC 29621 162,000.00 668 658162 Loan A 150 Belle Flower Ct, Spartanburg, SC 29303 143,280.00 669 658169 Loan A 3009 Suncrest Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 75,600.00 670 658202 Loan A 11 Brookview Dr, Little Rock, AR 72209 93,600.00 671 658215 Loan A 2060 N Priscilla Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46218 108,000.00 672 658216 Loan A 3303 Morningview Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 103,680.00 673 658217 Loan A 3287 Abbottsford Ave, Memphis, TN 38128 82,800.00 674 658218 Loan A 1523 S Beltline Blvd, Columbia, SC 29205 176,400.00 675 659172 Loan A 4840 Neptune Ln, Dayton, OH 45424 124,560.00 676 659175 Loan A 6370 Collinwood Rd, Horn Lake, MS 38637 136,800.00 677 659201 Loan A 4049 Marquette Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 104,400.00 678 659203 Loan A 1708 Patricia Cir, Birmingham, AL 35235 126,000.00 679 659217 Loan A 1400 4th Way NW, Birmingham, AL 35215 82,800.00 680 659222 Loan A 5320 Dewey Heights Rd, Pinson, AL 35126 118,800.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

681 659224 Loan A 120 Creek Run Way, Calera, AL 35040 151,200.00 682 659227 Loan A 817 79th Pl S, Birmingham, AL 35206 108,000.00 683 659229 Loan A 1245 Park Ave, Tarrant, AL 35217 54,000.00 684 659230 Loan A 961 Arcadia Cir, Hueytown, AL 35023 115,200.00 685 659252 Loan A 217 Killough Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 104,400.00 686 659269 Loan A 983 Chichester Dr, Birmingham, AL 35214 144,000.00 687 659278 Loan A 1136 Henry Dr, Alabaster, AL 35007 180,000.00 688 659280 Loan A 925 Sherwood Forest Dr, Birmingham, AL 35235 129,600.00 689 659284 Loan A 1329 Willowdale Ave, Dayton, OH 45429 115,200.00 690 659288 Loan A 4232 W Glendale Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53209 115,200.00 691 659300 Loan A 27 Eton Rd, Montgomery, AL 36109 93,600.00 692 659310 Loan A 289 Atwater Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 86,400.00 693 659324 Loan A 205 S Hartnett Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 82,800.00 694 659338 Loan A 4415 Dabney Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63134 90,000.00 695 659347 Loan A 6643 Pepperidge Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63134 82,800.00 696 659389 Loan A 1193 McQuay Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 79,200.00 697 659397 Loan A 1010 Whitsett Walk, Jackson, MS 39206 172,800.00 698 659406 Loan A 1005 Birchwood Dr, Columbia, SC 29203 104,400.00 699 659432 Loan A 4393 Bishop Hills Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 113,040.00 700 659436 Loan A 9010 North Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 122,400.00 701 659443 Loan A 5119 S 41st St, Omaha, NE 68107 144,000.00 702 659450 Loan A 6 Whitney Ct, Augusta, GA 30904 136,800.00 703 659451 Loan A 503 Dodd Ln, Spartanburg, SC 29303 154,800.00 704 659460 Loan A 1521 Denny Dr, Amelia, OH 45102 165,600.00 705 659464 Loan A 418 N 18th Ave, Beech Grove, IN 46107 133,200.00 706 659466 Loan A 9293 Comstock Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 165,600.00 707 659472 Loan A 1941 Farrell Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63133 82,800.00 708 659479 Loan A 522 Guylyn Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 126,000.00 709 659486 Loan A 2640 Crosscreek Rd, Hephzibah, GA 30815 140,400.00 710 659494 Loan A 425 Lenard Ave, Ridgeland, MS 39157 118,800.00 711 659511 Loan A 5012 N 55th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 100,080.00 712 659513 Loan A 5372 N 66th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 90,000.00 713 659516 Loan A 5754 N 72nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 72,000.00 714 659519 Loan A 6311 W Spencer Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53218 111,600.00 715 659543 Loan A 7185 Lunceford Dr, Huber Heights, OH 45424 136,800.00 716 659557 Loan A 2114 Wedgewood Rd NW, Huntsville, AL 35816 144,000.00 717 700564 Loan A 6625 Paula Ct, Lithonia, GA 30038 187,200.00 718 700346 Loan A 3891 Valpariso Cir, Decatur, GA 30034 223,200.00 719 700150 Loan A 2101 Scarbrough Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 180,000.00 720 700062 Loan A 1182 Demere Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 187,200.00 721 658633 Loan A 1159 Smith St SW, Atlanta, GA 30310 230,400.00 722 707131 Loan A 5711 E 101st Ter, Kansas City, MO 64137 118,800.00 723 707003 Loan A 11345 Sycamore Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 118,800.00 724 708398 Loan A 5418 Finchwood Ave, Memphis, TN 38115 165,600.00 725 708376 Loan A 5068 Cottonwood Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 108,000.00 726 708333 Loan A 4689 Saint Elmo Ave, Memphis, TN 38128 180,000.00 727 708314 Loan A 4552 Longtree Ave, Memphis, TN 38128 172,800.00 728 708154 Loan A 3249 Fairbanks St, Memphis, TN 38128 154,800.00 729 708101 Loan A 3000 Curtis St, Memphis, TN 38118 93,600.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

730 708069 Loan A 1874 Andover Cv, Memphis, TN 38109 111,600.00 731 708048 Loan A 1060 Bluebird Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 165,600.00 732 708006 Loan A 4955 Durbin Ave, Memphis, TN 38122 118,800.00 733 659052 Loan A 8209 Dexter Ridge Cv W, Cordova, TN 38016 169,200.00 734 658891 Loan A 2978 Watson St, Memphis, TN 38118 79,200.00 735 703227 Loan A 205 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 201,600.00 736 703146 Loan A 108 Willow Gardens Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 122,400.00 737 703013 Loan A 103 Morning Song Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 738 709103 Loan A 11950 Rosevalley Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63138 133,200.00 739 709076 Loan A 11407 Criterion Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 93,600.00 740 709017 Loan A 143 Grampian Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63137 50,400.00 741 709002 Loan A 10038 Balboa Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 50,400.00 742 659112 Loan A 9840 Omega Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 54,000.00 743 701003 Loan A 513 Martindale Ct, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 187,200.00 744 700613 Loan A 868 Greenhedge Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 162,000.00 745 700610 Loan A 824 Post Road Cir, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 230,400.00 746 700603 Loan A 7830 Poppy Dr, Winston, GA 30187 208,800.00 747 700601 Loan A 757 Stonebridge Park Cir, Lithonia, GA 30058 198,000.00 748 700594 Loan A 7156 Bowie Dr, Lithonia, GA 30038 181,440.00 749 700585 Loan A 6998 Shore Rd, Lithonia, GA 30058 201,600.00 750 700583 Loan A 6956 Kimberland Gardens Ln, Lithonia, GA 30058 183,600.00 751 700573 Loan A 6779 Mahonia Pl, Lithonia, GA 30038 187,200.00 752 700536 Loan A 6212 Lake Valley Pt, Lithonia, GA 30058 198,000.00 753 700534 Loan A 5975 Arbor Links Rd, Lithonia, GA 30058 248,400.00 754 700528 Loan A 5836 Wellborn Creek Dr, Lithonia, GA 30058 198,000.00 755 700497 Loan A 5391 Walker Rd, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 194,400.00 756 700491 Loan A 7038 Surrey Dr, Woodstock, GA 30189 270,000.00 757 700478 Loan A 5212 Cindy Way, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 198,000.00 758 700477 Loan A 5208 Mainstreet Park Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 212,400.00 759 700474 Loan A 5151 Tara Creek Dr, Ellenwood, GA 30294 237,600.00 760 700468 Loan A 5126 Panola Mill Dr, Lithonia, GA 30038 226,800.00 761 700466 Loan A 5226 Oaktree Trl, Lithonia, GA 30038 187,200.00 762 700453 Loan A 4927 Millstone Walk, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 180,000.00 763 700438 Loan A 4708 Golod Way, Lithonia, GA 30038 198,000.00 764 700436 Loan A 4706 Bexley Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 208,800.00 765 700435 Loan A 4701 Garden City Dr, Lithonia, GA 30038 230,400.00 766 700427 Loan A 4610 Idlewood Park, Lithonia, GA 30038 201,600.00 767 700423 Loan A 4564 Fountainhead Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 241,200.00 768 700400 Loan A 4342 Idlewood Park, Lithonia, GA 30038 205,200.00 769 700394 Loan A 4287 Bucknell Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 298,800.00 770 700377 Loan A 4150 Indian Lake Cir, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 208,800.00 771 700371 Loan A 4069 Cress Way Run, Decatur, GA 30034 201,600.00 772 700369 Loan A 4058 Chemawa Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 234,000.00 773 700366 Loan A 4019 Wintersweet Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 208,800.00 774 700363 Loan A 5814 Shadow Creek Dr, Lithonia, GA 30058 234,000.00 775 700361 Loan A 3976 Inca Ct, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 187,200.00 776 700341 Loan A 6388 Eastbriar Dr, Lithonia, GA 30058 205,200.00 777 700331 Loan A 3793 Rainbow Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 208,800.00 778 700320 Loan A 4998 Windsor Downs Dr, Decatur, GA 30035 212,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

779 700317 Loan A 4953 Portsmouth Ct, Lithonia, GA 30038 237,600.00 780 700307 Loan A 3604 Spring Trce, Decatur, GA 30034 147,600.00 781 700302 Loan A 3960 E Saddle Ridge Dr, Lithonia, GA 30038 259,200.00 782 700294 Loan A 3560 Dogwood Farm Rd, Decatur, GA 30034 190,800.00 783 700292 Loan A 354 Shady Glen Dall, Dallas, GA 30132 295,200.00 784 700275 Loan A 3381 River Mill Ln, Ellenwood, GA 30294 201,600.00 785 700271 Loan A 366 Blue Springs Way, Dallas, GA 30157 230,400.00 786 700266 Loan A 3340 Fannin Ct, Lithonia, GA 30038 169,200.00 787 700236 Loan A 2995 Hampton Club Way, Lithonia, GA 30038 230,400.00 788 700231 Loan A 6254 Marbut Farms Trl, Lithonia, GA 30058 187,200.00 789 700195 Loan A 2565 Rainmaker Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 252,000.00 790 700184 Loan A 2432 Stratford Ct, Decatur, GA 30035 216,000.00 791 700177 Loan A 2334 Silver Maple Cir, Ellenwood, GA 30294 216,000.00 792 700176 Loan A 2326 Sand Dollar Ct, Atlanta, GA 30331 230,400.00 793 700173 Loan A 2290 Britley Ter, Atlanta, GA 30349 176,400.00 794 700162 Loan A 2234 Seven Oaks Cir, Conley, GA 30288 183,600.00 795 700155 Loan A 2122 Silva Way, Conley, GA 30288 226,800.00 796 700153 Loan A 2120 Boulder Chase Ct, Ellenwood, GA 30294 252,000.00 797 700151 Loan A 710 Ridge Way, Lithonia, GA 30058 208,800.00 798 700122 Loan A 194 Fairview Oak Pl, Dallas, GA 30157 205,200.00 799 700116 Loan A 2404 Raven Cir, Lithonia, GA 30058 194,400.00 800 700111 Loan A 164 Nathan Rd SW, Atlanta, GA 30331 201,600.00 801 700109 Loan A 1609 Golf Link Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 241,200.00 802 700102 Loan A 3235 Hunters Crossing Pt, Lithonia, GA 30038 165,600.00 803 700097 Loan A 1471 Crooked Tree Cir, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 230,400.00 804 700089 Loan A 140 Triple Crown Ln, Ellenwood, GA 30294 169,200.00 805 700080 Loan A 4225 Ward Bluff Dr, Ellenwood, GA 30294 230,400.00 806 700078 Loan A 1298 Baywood Gln, Lithonia, GA 30058 205,200.00 807 700076 Loan A 3630 Occidental Ct, Decatur, GA 30034 205,200.00 808 700072 Loan A 2660 Brandenberry Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 198,000.00 809 700051 Loan A 181 Pine Grove Dr, Canton, GA 30114 194,400.00 810 700047 Loan A 107 Chief Ct, Rockmart, GA 30153 194,400.00 811 700042 Loan A 1036 Huntingdon Ct, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 208,800.00 812 700032 Loan A 1011 Hillsborough Chase NW, Kennesaw, GA 30144 219,600.00 813 700009 Loan A 510 Ward Rd, Ellenwood, GA 30294 226,800.00 814 700008 Loan A 1395 Kala Dr, Lithonia, GA 30058 234,000.00 815 658727 Loan A 9224 Sunset Dr, Jonesboro, GA 30238 187,200.00 816 658705 Loan A 5872 Fox Run, Rex, GA 30273 169,200.00 817 658699 Loan A 525 Carlton Pointe Dr, Palmetto, GA 30268 154,800.00 818 658694 Loan A 444 Cauthen Ct, Ellenwood, GA 30294 230,400.00 819 658668 Loan A 2665 Ivydale Ct SW, Atlanta, GA 30311 154,800.00 820 658655 Loan A 1937 Young Rd, Lithonia, GA 30058 144,000.00 821 706058 Loan A 765 Sommer St NE, Aiken, SC 29801 54,000.00 822 706057 Loan A 753 Vincent Ave NE, Aiken, SC 29801 39,600.00 823 706019 Loan A 1343 Cabinet Dr, Aiken, SC 29801 133,200.00 824 706015 Loan A 128 Edna St, North Augusta, SC 29841 133,200.00 825 707219 Loan A 9636 Wallace Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 111,600.00 826 707214 Loan A 9234 Walnut St, Kansas City, MO 64114 154,800.00 827 707210 Loan A 9120 Wornall Rd, Kansas City, MO 64114 190,800.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

828 707201 Loan A 8615 Garfield Ave, Kansas City, MO 64132 101,520.00 829 707195 Loan A 8413 E 104th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 158,400.00 830 707189 Loan A 8105 Cherry St, Kansas City, MO 64131 194,400.00 831 707181 Loan A 7906 E 117th Pl, Kansas City, MO 64134 126,000.00 832 707174 Loan A 7506 Lydia Ave, Kansas City, MO 64131 129,600.00 833 707147 Loan A 6615 E 99th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 127,440.00 834 707135 Loan A 6004 E 102nd St, Kansas City, MO 64134 126,000.00 835 707133 Loan A 5907 E 99th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 122,400.00 836 707129 Loan A 5509 E 98th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64137 140,400.00 837 707128 Loan A 6930 Walrond Ave, Kansas City, MO 64132 111,600.00 838 707120 Loan A 5114 Michigan Ave, Kansas City, MO 64130 90,000.00 839 707107 Loan A 3225 Lockridge Ave, Kansas City, MO 64128 101,520.00 840 707085 Loan A 11914 Sycamore Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 147,600.00 841 707078 Loan A 11727 Fremont Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 133,200.00 842 707068 Loan A 11415 Manchester Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 110,160.00 843 707066 Loan A 11367 Sycamore Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 115,200.00 844 707042 Loan A 10211 Drury Ave, Kansas City, MO 64137 125,280.00 845 707035 Loan A 11612 Sycamore Dr, Kansas City, MO 64134 140,400.00 846 707031 Loan A 11704 Crystal Dr, Kansas City, MO 64134 151,200.00 847 707023 Loan A 11217 Palmer Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 848 707022 Loan A 8016 Holmes Rd, Kansas City, MO 64131 237,600.00 849 707009 Loan A 11802 Belmont Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 136,800.00 850 707005 Loan A 10204 Beacon Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 144,000.00 851 708425 Loan A 998 Chatwood St, Memphis, TN 38122 97,200.00 852 708421 Loan A 760 Rosebanks Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 151,200.00 853 708405 Loan A 5650 Gaywinds Ave, Memphis, TN 38115 133,200.00 854 708403 Loan A 5581 Crepe Myrtle Dr, Memphis, TN 38115 100,800.00 855 708402 Loan A 5474 Cottonwood Rd, Memphis, TN 38115 104,400.00 856 708395 Loan A 5380 Zodiac Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 857 708380 Loan A 511 Lytle St, Memphis, TN 38122 187,200.00 858 708375 Loan A 5066 Cromwell Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 108,000.00 859 708368 Loan A 5010 Harrington Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 860 708352 Loan A 4884 Leven Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 90,000.00 861 708344 Loan A 4816 Bridgedale Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 862 708343 Loan A 4795 Judy Lynn Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 108,000.00 863 708321 Loan A 4566 Weaver Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 86,400.00 864 708318 Loan A 4559 Valley Stream Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 86,400.00 865 708313 Loan A 4545 Longtree Ave, Memphis, TN 38128 118,800.00 866 708310 Loan A 4474 Cedar Bark Cv N, Memphis, TN 38128 115,200.00 867 708292 Loan A 4190 Lansford Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 122,400.00 868 708263 Loan A 3842 Tessland Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 79,200.00 869 708250 Loan A 3694 King James Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 79,200.00 870 708237 Loan A 3621 Tulip Tree Cv, Memphis, TN 38115 108,000.00 871 708215 Loan A 4246 Hallview Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 104,400.00 872 708208 Loan A 3470 Neely Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 72,000.00 873 708203 Loan A 3452 Dobbin Ferry Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 86,400.00 874 708198 Loan A 3820 Clarke Rd, Memphis, TN 38115 118,800.00 875 708158 Loan A 3272 Egypt Central Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 86,400.00 876 708153 Loan A 3247 Spencer Dr, Memphis, TN 38115 158,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

877 708152 Loan A 3244 Boxdale St, Memphis, TN 38118 133,200.00 878 708108 Loan A 3030 Phyllis Ln, Memphis, TN 38118 93,600.00 879 708090 Loan A 2808 Emerald St, Memphis, TN 38115 97,200.00 880 708086 Loan A 2601 Saint Elmo Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 82,800.00 881 708083 Loan A 3230 Riney St, Memphis, TN 38127 75,600.00 882 708072 Loan A 4066 Berrywood Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 93,600.00 883 708060 Loan A 1744 W Holmes Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 100,800.00 884 708046 Loan A 3755 Rainford Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 82,800.00 885 708026 Loan A 1480 Tennyson Cv, Memphis, TN 38108 97,200.00 886 708013 Loan A 3052 Greenbranch Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 102,240.00 887 708004 Loan A 3434 Feldspar Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 93,600.00 888 659077 Loan A 9212 Lazzini Cv, Cordova, TN 38016 172,440.00 889 659049 Loan A 7936 Ivy Lake Ln, Bartlett, TN 38133 248,400.00 890 659045 Loan A 7771 Grouse Hollow Cv, Cordova, TN 38018 226,800.00 891 659043 Loan A 739 Rain Dance Way, Cordova, TN 38018 183,600.00 892 659040 Loan A 7118 Amberly Way Dr, Cordova, TN 38018 151,200.00 893 659036 Loan A 6993 Country Walk Dr, Cordova, TN 38018 147,600.00 894 659028 Loan A 6327 Raible Dr, Millington, TN 38053 129,600.00 895 659000 Loan A 468 S MAIN ST EXT, Collierville, TN 38017 280,800.00 896 658959 Loan A 4116 Meadow Creek Rd, Memphis, TN 38115 118,800.00 897 658946 Loan A 3995 Brompton Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 93,600.00 898 658820 Loan A 2798 Virginia Woods Pl, Arlington, TN 38002 190,800.00 899 658803 Loan A 691 Creekstone Cir, Memphis, TN 38127 79,200.00 900 658791 Loan A 1793 Evelyn Ave, Memphis, TN 38114 176,400.00 901 658779 Loan A 3170 Harvester Ln E, Memphis, TN 38127 64,800.00 902 702299 Loan A 96 Valtameri Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 201,600.00 903 702297 Loan A 94 Valtameri Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 904 702281 Loan A 80 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 187,200.00 905 702270 Loan A 75 Voda Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 138,240.00 906 702264 Loan A 72 Cyrilla Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 137,520.00 907 702263 Loan A 72 Boreal Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 908 702258 Loan A 69 Boreal Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 162,000.00 909 702248 Loan A 90 Moonflower Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 201,600.00 910 702242 Loan A 656 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 133,200.00 911 702235 Loan A 64 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 136,800.00 912 702231 Loan A 63 Boreal Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 913 702219 Loan A 60 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 914 702213 Loan A 590 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 172,800.00 915 702208 Loan A 586 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 916 702198 Loan A 56 Voda Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 917 702170 Loan A 53 Blue Echo Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 918 702168 Loan A 52 Voda Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 919 702162 Loan A 52 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 920 702158 Loan A 50 Serenata Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 187,200.00 921 702144 Loan A 64 Boreal Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 187,200.00 922 702142 Loan A 48 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 201,600.00 923 702138 Loan A 45 Voda Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 194,400.00 924 702134 Loan A 45 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 205,200.00 925 702133 Loan A 44 Voda Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 201,600.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

926 702130 Loan A 44 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 927 702128 Loan A 44 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 187,200.00 928 702106 Loan A 49 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 198,000.00 929 702092 Loan A 37 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 930 702088 Loan A 36 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 198,000.00 931 702087 Loan A 36 Laiken Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 932 702081 Loan A 35 Laiken Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 165,600.00 933 702078 Loan A 34 Laiken Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 180,000.00 934 702076 Loan A 34 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 935 702056 Loan A 30 Callan Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 133,200.00 936 702053 Loan A 28 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 937 702050 Loan A 26 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 201,600.00 938 702039 Loan A 20 Verde Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 939 702024 Loan A 620 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 169,200.00 940 702012 Loan A 20 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 190,800.00 941 702003 Loan A 88 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 140,400.00 942 703233 Loan A 208 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 943 703207 Loan A 117 Viola Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 944 703204 Loan A 115 Willow Gardens Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 154,800.00 945 703202 Loan A 115 Pembroke Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 946 703195 Loan A 113 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 190,800.00 947 703189 Loan A 112 Willow Gardens Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 948 703177 Loan A 113 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 949 703173 Loan A 110 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 136,800.00 950 703168 Loan A 110 Calla Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 951 703167 Loan A 110 Barrow Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 952 703166 Loan A 110 Barnsbury Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 165,600.00 953 703162 Loan A 110 Aleron Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 954 703151 Loan A 109 Calla Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 172,800.00 955 703134 Loan A 108 Ayana Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 956 703133 Loan A 108 Aleron Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 957 703127 Loan A 107 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 958 703125 Loan A 107 Celestin Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 959 703117 Loan A 108 Celena Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 960 703116 Loan A 107 Ayana Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 961 703115 Loan A 107 Aleron Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 187,200.00 962 703109 Loan A 106 Morning Song Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 154,800.00 963 703104 Loan A 106 Caspia Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 964 703097 Loan A 105 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 965 703072 Loan A 105 Celestin Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 966 703062 Loan A 102 Viola Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 967 703042 Loan A 101 Celena Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 968 703039 Loan A 104 Ayana Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 969 703032 Loan A 100 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 154,800.00 970 703016 Loan A 103 Celestin Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 971 703009 Loan A 100 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 190,800.00 972 709270 Loan A 9524 Stansberry Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63134 108,000.00 973 709266 Loan A 912 Cheri Heights Ct, Ferguson, MO 63135 151,200.00 974 709260 Loan A 8730 Windom Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 122,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

975 709258 Loan A 8428 Jacklin Ave, Hazelwood, MO 63042 93,600.00 976 709232 Loan A 7045 Marlac Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 100,800.00 977 709225 Loan A 6851 Woodhurst Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63134 68,400.00 978 709214 Loan A 8300 Woodhurst Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63134 79,200.00 979 709190 Loan A 2430 Berwyn Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 54,000.00 980 709188 Loan A 6909 Woodhurst Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 68,400.00 981 709163 Loan A 27 Bascom Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 90,000.00 982 709144 Loan A 1517 Crossett Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 118,800.00 983 709140 Loan A 6009 Bermuda Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 90,000.00 984 709120 Loan A 325 Lancashire Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63137 57,600.00 985 709036 Loan A 9537 Wilson Bridge Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 172,800.00 986 709035 Loan A 10336 Deem Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 79,200.00 987 709026 Loan A 10230 Green Valley Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 75,600.00 988 709008 Loan A 10201 Northland Hills Ct, Saint Louis, MO 63136 93,600.00 989 659105 Loan A 8622 Octavia Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63136 46,800.00 990 659565 Loan A 121 Gatlin Dr, Hopkins, SC 29061 129,600.00 991 659568 Loan A 2606 Vestal St, Greensboro, NC 27406 162,000.00 992 659572 Loan A 3746 Anioton Ct, Cincinnati, OH 45227 187,200.00 993 659584 Loan A 409 W 30th Ave, Bellevue, NE 68005 151,200.00 994 659590 Loan A 4209 N Sheridan Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 100,800.00 995 659626 Loan A 3822 Decatur St, Omaha, NE 68111 99,360.00 996 659628 Loan A 517 Johnson Ave, Columbia, SC 29203 108,000.00 997 659641 Loan A 922 Stephens St, Greensboro, NC 27406 122,400.00 998 659652 Loan A 105 Aspen Cv, Jackson, MS 39212 104,400.00 999 659656 Loan A 123 Sheffield Dr, Piedmont, SC 29673 158,400.00 1000 659669 Loan A 3441 Murphy Ct, Augusta, GA 30906 72,000.00 1001 659671 Loan A 746 Forestdale Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 111,600.00 1002 659702 Loan A 632 Hilltonia Ave, Columbus, OH 43223 122,400.00 1003 659709 Loan A 4527 S 21st St, Omaha, NE 68107 129,600.00 1004 659746 Loan A 6601 W Moltke Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53210 154,800.00 1005 659747 Loan A 7119 W Beckett Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53216 115,200.00 1006 659760 Loan A 5205 Halifax Dr, Little Rock, AR 72209 75,600.00 1007 659778 Loan A 10053 Sturgeon Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45251 156,960.00 1008 659780 Loan A 4491 Mahler Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 151,200.00 1009 659796 Loan A 258 Miramar Dr, Augusta, GA 30907 154,800.00 1010 659803 Loan A 1000 Franklin St, Hamilton, OH 45013 111,600.00 1011 659806 Loan A 3865 Fizer Ave, Memphis, TN 38111 111,600.00 1012 659808 Loan A 9419 Bristol Ave, Breckenridge Hills, MO 63114 86,400.00 1013 659816 Loan A 3425 N Galeston Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46235 113,760.00 1014 659821 Loan A 4100 NE 80th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64119 162,000.00 1015 659832 Loan A 18 Sunnydale Ct, Columbia, SC 29223 115,200.00 1016 659841 Loan A 212 Ponderosa Pl, Ridgeland, MS 39157 144,000.00 1017 659846 Loan A 3363 Southfield Dr E, Columbus, OH 43207 145,440.00 1018 659847 Loan A 1690 Burlington Ave, Columbus, OH 43227 136,800.00 1019 659854 Loan A 3060 Beechaven Rd, Columbia, SC 29204 129,600.00 1020 659862 Loan A 106 Carlisle Ave, Elsmere, KY 41018 144,000.00 1021 659898 Loan A 708 Annelle St, North Little Rock, AR 72117 82,800.00 1022 659916 Loan A 9831 Loralinda Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45251 122,400.00 1023 659919 Loan A 3757 N 36th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 93,600.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

1024 659943 Loan A 4271 Cypress Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 79,200.00 1025 659960 Loan A 3277 Braemar Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 98,640.00 1026 659964 Loan A 1119 Anderson Ferry Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45238 148,320.00 1027 659981 Loan A 305 Summerfield Cir, Grovetown, GA 30813 180,000.00 1028 659987 Loan A 3041 Silverwood Dr, Augusta, GA 30907 165,600.00 1029 659999 Loan A 2080 Mullanphy Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 144,000.00 1030 660011 Loan A 1028 Torero Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 100,800.00 1031 660025 Loan A 1055 Keeven Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 113,760.00 1032 660032 Loan A 2301 Collins St, McKeesport, PA 15132 32,400.00 1033 660035 Loan A 128 Bert Cir, Pearl, MS 39208 118,800.00 1034 660039 Loan A 3391 S Perkins Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 104,400.00 1035 660049 Loan A 1254 Melody Ln, North Augusta, SC 29841 115,200.00 1036 660050 Loan A 1911 Williams Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 100,800.00 1037 660080 Loan A 6429 Highbury Rd, Dayton, OH 45424 201,600.00 1038 660093 Loan A 115 White Oak Rd, Spartanburg, SC 29301 104,400.00 1039 660098 Loan A 1738 Beecher Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 79,200.00 1040 660114 Loan A 9730 Sacramento St, Cincinnati, OH 45231 129,600.00 1041 660127 Loan A 103 Marys Cv, Clinton, MS 39056 118,800.00 1042 660129 Loan A 732 Benwick Dr, Brandon, MS 39047 165,600.00 1043 660150 Loan A 417 Crestview Dr, Spartanburg, SC 29306 128,880.00 1044 660154 Loan A 3622 Ingledale Dr SW, Atlanta, GA 30331 176,400.00 1045 660161 Loan A 1705 Fenmore Dr, florissant, MO 63031 97,200.00 1046 660166 Loan A 130 Delmar Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45217 169,200.00 1047 660184 Loan A 2510 Old Chapman St, Greensboro, NC 27403 162,000.00 1048 660205 Loan A 2823 Rocky Creek Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 93,600.00 1049 660212 Loan A 4191 Wilton Pl, Columbus, OH 43227 154,800.00 1050 660221 Loan A 4130 Brooktree Rd, Montgomery, AL 36116 90,000.00 1051 660239 Loan A 205 Glynn Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 93,600.00 1052 660240 Loan A 3504 Biltmore Pl, Augusta, GA 30906 108,000.00 1053 660259 Loan A 8517 Palmetto Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63123 158,400.00 1054 660272 Loan A 287 Morris Dr SE, Conyers, GA 30094 194,400.00 1055 660273 Loan A 2928 Willow Lane Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 100,800.00 1056 660278 Loan A 1501 16th Way SW, Birmingham, AL 35211 86,400.00 1057 660287 Loan A 2960 Diehl Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45211 154,800.00 1058 660301 Loan A 7171 Old Troy Pike, Huber Heights, OH 45424 162,000.00 1059 660305 Loan A 1914 3rd St NW, Center Point, AL 35215 82,800.00 1060 660330 Loan A 8736 W Monrovia Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 118,800.00 1061 660335 Loan A 4483 N 53rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 129,600.00 1062 660346 Loan A 5345 N 58th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 1063 660365 Loan A 707 Beery Blvd, Englewood, OH 45322 115,200.00 1064 660379 Loan A 6426 N 105th St, Milwaukee, WI 53224 180,000.00 1065 660403 Loan A 500 Hill St, Jacksonville, AR 72076 97,200.00 1066 660404 Loan A 4305 Nancy St, Pearl, MS 39208 104,400.00 1067 660428 Loan A 1918 Murrayhill Rd, Greensboro, NC 27403 144,000.00 1068 660433 Loan A 8914 W Custer Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 144,000.00 1069 660439 Loan A 2477 Vendome Dr S, Columbus, OH 43219 138,240.00 1070 660475 Loan A 92 Carter Lake Clb, Carter Lake, IA 51510 118,800.00 1071 660476 Loan A 913 W Raines Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 85,680.00 1072 660479 Loan A 1920 Kings Grant Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 126,000.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

1073 660489 Loan A 831 Maria St, Memphis, TN 38122 169,200.00 1074 660490 Loan A 2620 N Galaxy Ln, Indianapolis, IN 46229 111,600.00 1075 660499 Loan A 9914 Scott Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 104,400.00 1076 660510 Loan A 528 N Donar Dr, Columbia, SC 29229 180,000.00 1077 660548 Loan A 4317 N 41st St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 72,000.00 1078 660557 Loan A 1844 Tamara Way, Spartanburg, SC 29301 144,000.00 1079 660565 Loan A 610 Basil Ct, Spartanburg, SC 29301 156,240.00 1080 660580 Loan A 1833 Tamara Way, Spartanburg, SC 29301 151,200.00 1081 660582 Loan A 510 Lavendula St, Spartanburg, SC 29301 154,800.00 1082 660588 Loan A 522 Lavendula St, Spartanburg, SC 29301 151,200.00 1083 660612 Loan A 2314 Overlook Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 140,400.00 1084 660624 Loan A 3042 N Kiowa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 154,800.00 1085 660627 Loan A 3062 Arcadia Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 108,000.00 1086 660641 Loan A 4349 N 53rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 111,600.00 1087 660645 Loan A 9844 Norcrest Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 126,000.00 1088 660655 Loan A 729 S Grand Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 108,000.00 1089 660661 Loan A 1700 Flora Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 158,400.00 1090 660668 Loan A 1504 Surf Side Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 122,400.00 1091 660677 Loan A 220 Maple Way, Center Point, AL 35215 108,000.00 1092 660683 Loan A 6804 Willowick Rd, Montgomery, AL 36116 162,000.00 1093 660691 Loan A 4230 Kitridge Rd, Huber Heights, OH 45424 135,360.00 1094 660694 Loan A 6 Coachman Ct, Greensboro, NC 27407 180,000.00 1095 660696 Loan A 2331 Bethabara Haven Dr, Winston Salem, NC 27106 136,800.00 1096 660701 Loan A 408 Libby Ln, North Little Rock, AR 72118 75,600.00 1097 660713 Loan A 8716 Glenwood Ave, Kansas City, MO 64138 151,200.00 1098 660714 Loan A 248 Wenchris Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45215 169,200.00 1099 660717 Loan A 1565 Cunard Rd, Columbus, OH 43227 162,000.00 1100 660719 Loan A 163 Azalea Cir, Jackson, MS 39206 43,200.00 1101 660721 Loan A 1616 S Norwood Ave, Independence, MO 64052 93,600.00 1102 660722 Loan A 306 W 51st St, North Little Rock, AR 72118 100,080.00 1103 660728 Loan A 576 Christybrook Cv, Southaven, MS 38671 151,200.00 1104 660729 Loan A 5204 Breckenwood Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 63,360.00 1105 660731 Loan A 1800 Pinewood Dr, Little Rock, AR 72204 72,000.00 1106 660747 Loan A 2474 Lipton Rd, Columbus, OH 43232 159,840.00 1107 660762 Loan A 5046 N 62nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 1108 660767 Loan A 3725 Poplar Valley Ln, Winston Salem, NC 27127 170,640.00 1109 660768 Loan A 4840 Hodge Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 100,800.00 1110 660780 Loan A 4913 W Custer Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 100,800.00 1111 660783 Loan A 314 Ware Hill Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 100,800.00 1112 660800 Loan A 8601 Cedar Creek Rdg, Riverdale, GA 30274 176,400.00 1113 660803 Loan A 3316 Cross Creek Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 102,240.00 1114 660816 Loan A 725 Babler Dr, florissant, MO 63031 106,560.00 1115 660830 Loan A 1000 James St, Turtle Creek, PA 15145 162,000.00 1116 660838 Loan A 2875 Aztec Ct, Winston Salem, NC 27103 172,800.00 1117 660839 Loan A 2132 Griffith Dr NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 104,400.00 1118 660881 Loan A 3000 N Colonial Dr, Montgomery, AL 36111 111,600.00 1119 660883 Loan A 540 Cedarwood Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 90,000.00 1120 660890 Loan A 2855 Newport Ave, Omaha, NE 68112 126,000.00 1121 660894 Loan A 4431 New Post Rd, Jackson, MS 39212 82,800.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

1122 660898 Loan A 114 Leawood Dr, Spartanburg, SC 29302 115,200.00 1123 660899 Loan A 151 McArthur St, Spartanburg, SC 29302 143,280.00 1124 660911 Loan A 3616 Rolling Meadows Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 1125 660923 Loan A 8230 Brenner Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 82,800.00 1126 660928 Loan A 1761 Planters Hill Ct, Prattville, AL 36066 129,600.00 1127 660949 Loan A 1505 Granby Rd, Cayce, SC 29033 133,200.00 1128 660951 Loan A 797 Lock Ave, Columbus, OH 43207 115,200.00 1129 660953 Loan A 3864 Edendale Rd, Columbus, OH 43207 147,600.00 1130 660961 Loan A 1008 Fairfield Dr, Anderson, SC 29621 129,600.00 1131 660970 Loan A 4317 Saint Dominic Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45238 136,800.00 1132 660982 Loan A 4905 Lighthouse Ct, Winston Salem, NC 27127 198,000.00 1133 660983 Loan A 1302 Runnymead Ave SW, Decatur, AL 35601 162,000.00 1134 661052 Loan A 1548 Frayser Blvd, Memphis, TN 38127 84,960.00 1135 661059 Loan A 2 Horizon Cir, Covington, KY 41017 171,360.00 1136 661070 Loan A 8661 W Medford Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 136,800.00 1137 661099 Loan A 4877 Warminster Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 158,400.00 1138 661104 Loan A 3024 Apple Valley Ln, Birmingham, AL 35215 115,200.00 1139 661107 Loan A 607 Summerhill Dr, Columbia, SC 29203 133,200.00 1140 661134 Loan A 231 Sparkleberry Ln, Columbia, SC 29229 176,400.00 1141 661149 Loan A 1100 NE 43rd St, Kansas City, MO 64116 129,600.00 1142 661155 Loan A 649 Joyful St, Columbus, OH 43204 144,000.00 1143 661165 Loan A 6300 Creekford Ln, Lithonia, GA 30058 158,400.00 1144 661173 Loan A 10808 Ewing Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 109,440.00 1145 661176 Loan A 1744 Hopkins Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45212 154,800.00 1146 661179 Loan A 9998 Crusader Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45251 122,400.00 1147 661198 Loan A 686 Josephine Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 172,800.00 1148 661219 Loan A 7053 La Boiteaux Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 144,000.00 1149 875000 Loan A 2802 Rosina Ave, Covington, KY 41015 147,600.00 1150 875010 Loan A 3925 N 93rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53222 158,400.00 1151 875017 Loan A 1900 Ashby Rd, Columbia, SC 29204 133,200.00 1152 875039 Loan A 2531 Lisa Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 75,600.00 1153 875042 Loan A 4544 N 46th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 100,800.00 1154 875050 Loan A 111 Powell Ave, Fairborn, OH 45324 128,160.00 1155 875057 Loan A 8815 Kentucky Ave, Kansas City, MO 64138 154,800.00 1156 875065 Loan A 571 S Oak Park Ct, Milwaukee, WI 53214 165,600.00 1157 875066 Loan A 11405 Winchester Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 97,200.00 1158 875075 Loan A 5044 Rotherham Rd, Columbus, OH 43232 165,600.00 1159 875077 Loan A 9920 Kramer Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 104,400.00 1160 876115 Loan A 7723 Ravenswood Dr, Florence, KY 41042 154,800.00 1161 876117 Loan A 3251 Medina Ave, Columbus, OH 43224 151,200.00 1162 876127 Loan A 5147 N 58th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 104,400.00 1163 876139 Loan A 152 Peaceful Ln, Columbia, SC 29223 172,800.00 1164 875087 Loan A 7200 Overton Ave, Raytown, MO 64133 158,400.00 1165 875090 Loan A 1053 Whitsett Walk, Jackson, MS 39206 162,000.00 1166 875120 Loan A 4605 Royal Gate Rd, Winston Salem, NC 27101 165,600.00 1167 875121 Loan A 2159 Lakeside Dr, Mc Calla, AL 35111 194,400.00 1168 875144 Loan A 5268 Patricia Dr, Fairfield, OH 45014 234,000.00 1169 875147 Loan A 201 Grant St, Liberty, MO 64068 172,800.00 1170 875154 Loan A 113 Otter Trl SW, Huntsville, AL 35824 194,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

1171 875172 Loan A 229 Powell Dr, Gardendale, AL 35071 122,400.00 1172 875182 Loan A 2473 Watson Rd, Birmingham, AL 35235 122,400.00 1173 875183 Loan A 29886 Brentshire Dr, Harvest, AL 35749 201,600.00 1174 875187 Loan A 145 Westlake Dr, Brandon, MS 39047 201,600.00 1175 875197 Loan A 2753 Beal Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 198,000.00 1176 875204 Loan A 112 Holmar Dr, Brandon, MS 39047 172,800.00 1177 875223 Loan A 203 Juniper Ct, Prattville, AL 36067 129,600.00 1178 875236 Loan A 223 Tara Leigh Dr, Huntsville, AL 35811 208,800.00 1179 875239 Loan A 541 Telford Ln, Birmingham, AL 35214 86,400.00 1180 875251 Loan A 20 Mountainview Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 187,200.00 1181 875260 Loan A 9284 Burgess Dr, Colerain Twp, OH 45251 151,200.00 1182 875263 Loan A 319 Davors Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 169,200.00 1183 875285 Loan A 132 Belle Haven Dr, Owens Cross Roads, AL 35763 198,000.00 1184 875288 Loan A 1116 NE 9th St, Blue Springs, MO 64014 190,800.00 1185 875293 Loan A 330 Morning Mist Ln, Odenville, AL 35120 154,800.00 1186 875308 Loan A 17709 Whitney Ct, Independence, MO 64057 201,600.00 1187 875311 Loan A 109 Leeford Ct, Irmo, SC 29063 138,240.00 1188 875319 Loan A 229 Cedar Creek Cir, New Market, AL 35761 168,480.00 1189 875322 Loan A 2827 Pawnee Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 151,200.00 1190 875330 Loan A 2381 Marcia Dr, Columbus, OH 43211 104,400.00 1191 875331 Loan A 895 Maple Trce, Odenville, AL 35120 151,200.00 1192 875336 Loan A 132 Appleridge Dr, Brandon, MS 39047 162,000.00 1193 875338 Loan A 117 Village Springs Cv, Springville, AL 35146 201,600.00 1194 875345 Loan A 2961 Moorcroft Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 54,000.00 1195 875350 Loan A 266 Halidonhill Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45238 190,800.00 1196 875356 Loan A 5810 Bentwood Dr, Middletown, OH 45042 237,600.00 1197 875358 Loan A 3893 Wood Trail Dr, Mason, OH 45040 255,600.00 1198 875361 Loan A 219 SE Bordner Dr, Lees Summit, MO 64063 187,200.00 1199 875362 Loan A 8208 Franklin Ln, Morris, AL 35116 172,800.00 1200 875368 Loan A 7401 Brampton Ct, Montgomery, AL 36117 140,400.00 1201 875370 Loan A 1745 Smoke Rise Trl, Warrior, AL 35180 198,000.00 1202 875381 Loan A 4625 Sumac Ct, Dayton, OH 45417 158,400.00 1203 875385 Loan A 11013 N Kenwood Ave, Kansas City, MO 64155 201,600.00 1204 875416 Loan A 204 Sarah Cv, Ridgeland, MS 39157 115,200.00 1205 875447 Loan A 7403 E 108th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 115,200.00 1206 875452 Loan A 1228 Sunset Dr, Englewood, OH 45322 194,400.00 1207 875468 Loan A 237 Austin Cir, Byram, MS 39272 165,600.00 1208 875471 Loan A 7828 N Michigan Ave, Kansas City, MO 64118 252,000.00 1209 875478 Loan A 305 Oakglenn Dr, Gaston, SC 29053 118,800.00 1210 875480 Loan A 320 Biscayne Rd, Columbia, SC 29212 194,400.00 1211 875517 Loan A 9025 Manning Ave, Kansas City, MO 64138 165,600.00 1212 875518 Loan A 150 Wheatley Pl, Ridgeland, MS 39157 144,000.00 1213 875524 Loan A 3925 Claiborne Cir, Montgomery, AL 36116 147,600.00 1214 875534 Loan A 2807 Shampy St, West Columbia, SC 29170 172,800.00 1215 875537 Loan A 4044 Berkley Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 154,800.00 1216 875553 Loan A 6004 Pinebrook Dr, Montgomery, AL 36117 93,600.00 1217 875562 Loan A 200 New Way Rd, Columbia, SC 29223 129,600.00 1218 875572 Loan A 7325 Glen Chase Rd, Montgomery, AL 36117 144,000.00 1219 875574 Loan A 1019 College South Cv, Brandon, MS 39042 140,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

1220 875581 Loan A 1419 21st Ave E, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404 111,600.00 1221 875585 Loan A 1439 Evencrest Dr, Mount Healthy, OH 45231 147,600.00 1222 875590 Loan A 6628 Rock Ledge Rd, Montgomery, AL 36117 147,600.00 1223 875601 Loan A 2042 Gateway Dr, Ridgeland, MS 39157 172,800.00 1224 875602 Loan A 160 Hidden Ridge Dr, Odenville, AL 35120 162,000.00 1225 875612 Loan A 2 Seaford Ct, Irmo, SC 29063 176,400.00 1226 875647 Loan A 1001 Routon Dr SW, Decatur, AL 35601 115,200.00 1227 875663 Loan A 10481 Covey Rise Cir, Tuscaloosa, AL 35405 165,600.00 1228 875671 Loan A 1943 Talbot Ter, Montgomery, AL 36106 136,800.00 1229 875683 Loan A 9133 E 90th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64138 180,000.00 1230 875684 Loan A 2513 Carmel Rd, Birmingham, AL 35235 115,200.00 1231 875694 Loan A 101 Denby Cir, Columbia, SC 29229 158,400.00 1232 875713 Loan A 3501 Traveler Ln, Columbia, SC 29209 140,400.00 1233 875716 Loan A 268 S Canton Club Cir, Jackson, MS 39211 100,800.00 1234 875735 Loan A 122 W Lisa Dr, Pearl, MS 39208 129,600.00 1235 875740 Loan A 3316 E Helena Dr NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 154,800.00 1236 875745 Loan A 3801 Long Ln, Middletown, OH 45044 154,800.00 1237 875763 Loan A 800 N Mohican Dr, Independence, MO 64056 172,800.00 1238 875800 Loan A 2444 NE Dale Hunter Pl, Lees Summit, MO 64086 226,800.00 1239 875822 Loan A 17 Fieldale Ct, Greensboro, NC 27406 172,800.00 1240 875823 Loan A 2064 Mac Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46203 136,800.00 1241 875835 Loan A 4001 Rainey Rd, Jackson, MS 39212 93,600.00 1242 875850 Loan A 118 Peachtree Ln, King, NC 27021 165,600.00 1243 875852 Loan A 211 Condor Rte, Lexington, SC 29073 158,400.00 1244 875863 Loan A 674 Woodland Hls W, Columbia, SC 29210 158,400.00 1245 875865 Loan A 7821 Folly Ct, Columbia, SC 29209 201,600.00 1246 875873 Loan A 133 Summerhill Dr, Columbia, SC 29203 144,000.00 1247 875874 Loan A 408 Thornfield Rd, Columbia, SC 29229 147,600.00 1248 875902 Loan A 214 Stockland Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 158,400.00 1249 875904 Loan A 140 Century Dr, Columbia, SC 29212 162,000.00 1250 875910 Loan A 1827 Manley St, Cayce, SC 29033 151,200.00 1251 875921 Loan A 109 Branch Hill Dr, Elgin, SC 29045 190,800.00 1252 875930 Loan A 224 Netherland Dr, Irmo, SC 29063 151,200.00 1253 875940 Loan A 6 Woodtrail Ct, Columbia, SC 29210 147,600.00 1254 875941 Loan A 1329 Lynwood Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 97,200.00 1255 875948 Loan A 1975 Bluehill Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45240 122,400.00 1256 875950 Loan A 3131 N 71st Ter, Kansas City, KS 66109 176,400.00 1257 875962 Loan A 2210 Winston Way, Augusta, GA 30906 129,600.00 1258 875981 Loan A 6251 Renda Cir, Pinson, AL 35126 136,800.00 1259 875993 Loan A 1021 Felix Dr, Birmingham, AL 35214 122,400.00 1260 875997 Loan A 2908 Doral Dr, Augusta, GA 30907 162,000.00 1261 876011 Loan A 115 Dormont Dr NE, Huntsville, AL 35810 158,400.00 1262 876022 Loan A 3614 Lori Ln, Indianapolis, IN 46226 126,000.00 1263 876028 Loan A 2315 Liberty Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 128,160.00 1264 876031 Loan A 1382 Langholm Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 108,000.00 1265 876042 Loan A 2330 Flamingo Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1266 876060 Loan A 11518 Withersfield Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 111,600.00 1267 876069 Loan A 2583 Robley Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 90,000.00 1268 876074 Loan A 701 Cherryvale Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 122,400.00 
 DB1 149149761.5 

1269 876086 Loan A 1860 Bluebird Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 123,840.00 1270 876144 Loan A 5 Tanya Ct, Little Rock, AR 72204 115,200.00 1271 876153 Loan A 1417 Elizabeth Ave SW, Atlanta, GA 30310 140,400.00 1272 876157 Loan A 3616 Kelford Dr, Columbia, SC 29209 129,600.00 1273 876164 Loan A 2305 NE 52nd St, Kansas City, MO 64118 162,000.00 1274 876168 Loan A 4917 E Majestic Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 162,000.00 1275 876174 Loan A 612 Garden Ave, Bellevue, NE 68005 144,000.00 1276 661260 Loan A 236 Hillandale Dr, Stockbridge, GA 30281 190,800.00 1277 661261 Loan A 225 Hillandale Dr, Stockbridge, GA 30281 162,000.00 1278 661263 Loan A 502 Edgewood Trce, McDonough, GA 30253 162,000.00 1279 661265 Loan A 8207 Dunellen Ln, Jonesboro, GA 30238 136,800.00 1280 661285 Loan A 715 N Sunset Dr, Independence, MO 64050 115,200.00 1281 661294 Loan A 375 Dartmouth Dr SW, Atlanta, GA 30331 187,200.00 1282 661304 Loan A 102 Windsor Pkwy, Simpsonville, SC 29680 154,800.00 1283 661334 Loan A 4302 Sibley Ave, Columbus, OH 43227 140,400.00 1284 661347 Loan A 812 Roberson Rd, Fairfield, AL 35064 111,600.00 1285 661360 Loan A 287 Merravay Dr, Florence, KY 41042 162,000.00 1286 661371 Loan A 1209 Weldon Ave, Columbus, OH 43224 147,600.00 1287 661374 Loan A 7407 Clovernook Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 151,200.00 1288 661376 Loan A 670 Whiterock Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 111,600.00 1289 661384 Loan A 1411 Hemlock St, Cayce, SC 29033 144,000.00 1290 661412 Loan A 4760 Old Poplar Rd, Jackson, MS 39212 90,000.00 1291 661431 Loan A 6509 Harshmanville Rd, Huber Heights, OH 45424 133,200.00 1292 661454 Loan A 2506 Gass Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 86,400.00 1293 661456 Loan A 3919 Dalraida Pl, Montgomery, AL 36109 169,200.00 1294 661465 Loan A 828 Riderwood Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 140,400.00 1295 661475 Loan A 4068 Bonfield Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 86,400.00 1296 661478 Loan A 2904 Nuway Rd, Columbus, OH 43207 122,400.00 1297 661512 Loan A 192 Elbring Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63135 90,000.00 1298 661518 Loan A 1901 Hudson Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63136 86,400.00 1299 661520 Loan A 1918 Hudson Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63136 86,400.00 1300 661533 Loan A 11431 Ortega Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 82,800.00 1301 661537 Loan A 7805 Utica Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63133 68,400.00 1302 661555 Loan A 4048 Crabtree Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 154,800.00 1303 661563 Loan A 2902 Northglen Dr, Columbus, OH 43224 90,000.00 1304 661565 Loan A 3418 Deerfield Rd NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 136,800.00 1305 661567 Loan A 3206 Delicado Dr NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 144,000.00 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE III 
 
 Reserved 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE IV 
 
 EXCEPTIONS TO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 None. 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE V 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE, PRIOR NAMES, EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER AND ORGANIZATIONAL CHART 
 
 Legal Name VB Nine, LLC 
 
 Prior Names None 
 
 Chief Executive Office c o NexPoint Real Estate Advisors 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700 Dallas, Texas 75201 Attn Paul Richards 
 FEIN 99-3940843 
 
 Organizational Chart 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE VI 
 
 Reserved 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE VII 
 
 HOA PROPERTIES 
 
 See Data Tape. 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE VIII 
 
 Reserved 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE IX 
 
 RESERVED 

DB1 149149761.5 

SCHEDULE X 
 
 NOTICE ADDRESSES 
 
 Any Relevant Party 
 
 c o NexPoint Real Estate Advisors 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700 Dallas, Texas 75201 Attn Paul Richards Email prichards nexpointadvisors.com 
 with a copy to 
 c o NexPoint Real Estate Advisors 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700 Dallas, Texas 75201 Attn Legal Department Email legal nexpointadvisors.com 
 with a copy to 
 c o Vinebrook Homes Trust, Inc. 3500 Park Center Drive, Suite 100 Dayton, Ohio 45414 Attn Graham Strong Email graham.strong vinebrookhomes.com 
 and with a copy to 
 Wick Phillips Gould & Martin LLP 3131 McKinney Avenue, Suite 500 Dallas, Texas 75204 Attn Chris Fuller and Rachel Sam Emails chris.fuller wickphillips.com and rachel.sam wickphillips.com 
 MLIC Lender 
 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 Attention Associate Director SFR Lending 
 with a copy to 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC Investments, Law Dept. One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 
 DB1 149149761.5 

Attention Chief Counsel Investments Email Sec_Invest_Law metlife.coM 
 with a copy to 
 Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP 101 Park Avenue New York, New York 10178 Attention Ferdinand J. Gallo III, Esq. Email ferdinand.gallo morganlewis.com 
 MTLIC Lender 
 
 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 Attention Associate Director SFR Lending 
 with a copy to 
 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC Investments, Law Dept. One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 Attention Chief Counsel Investments Email Sec_Invest_Law metlife.coM 
 with a copy to 
 Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP 101 Park Avenue New York, New York 10178 Attention Ferdinand J. Gallo III, Esq. Email ferdinand.gallo morganlewis.com 
 
 DB1 149149761.5 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 metlife-vinebrookvbtenxloa.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Vinebrook 2024-2 

LOAN AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of August 22, 2024 
 among 
 VB TEN, LLC, 
 as Borrower, 
 METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, as MLIC Lender, 
 and 
 METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, as MTLIC Lender 

Schedules and Exhibits 
 Schedules 
 Schedule I - Reserved 
 Schedule II - Data Tape (including Allocated Loan Amounts) 
 Schedule IIA - Closing Date Properties Schedule 
 Schedule IIB - Monthly Properties Schedule 
 Schedule III - Reserved 
 Schedule IV - Exceptions to Representations and Warranties 
 Schedule V - Chief Executive Office, Prior Names, Employer Identification Number and Organizational Chart 
 Schedule VI - Reserved 
 Schedule VII - HOA Properties 
 Schedule VIII - Reserved Schedule IX - Reserved 
 Schedule X - Notice Addresses 
 
 Exhibits 
 Exhibit A - Insurance Requirements 
 Exhibit B - Form of Request for Release 
 Exhibit C - Definition of Special Purpose Entity 
 Exhibit D - Reserved 
 Exhibit E - Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit F - Reserved 
 Exhibit G - Form of Tenant Direction Letter 
 Exhibit H - Reserved 
 Exhibit I - Form of Data Tape 
 Exhibit J - Form of Lease 
 Exhibit K - Target Property Criteria 

i 

LOAN AGREEMENT 
 THIS LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of August 22, 2024 (this Agreement ), among METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a New York corporation MLIC Lender ), METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a Nebraska corporation MTLIC Lender and together with MLIC Lender, together with their respective successors and assigns, Lenders, and each, individually, together with its respective successors and assigns, Lender ), and VB TEN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and assigns, collectively, Borrower ). 
 Borrower desires to obtain the Loan (as hereinafter defined) from Lenders, and Lenders are willing to make the Loan to Borrower, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as hereinafter defined). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS PRINCIPLES OF CONSTRUCTION 
 Section 1.1. Specific Definitions . For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided 
 Acceptable Blanket Policy has the meaning given such term in Exhibit A. 
 Act has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Actual Rent Collections means, for any period of determination, actual cash collections of Rents in respect of the Properties to the extent such Rents relate to such period of determination, regardless of when actually collected. 
 Additional Insolvency Opinion means a non-consolidation opinion letter delivered in connection with the Loan subsequent to the Closing Date, in form and substance and from counsel reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders. 
 Advance Rent means any Rent that has been prepaid more than thirty (30) days in advance, as measured from the date of payment. 
 Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Advance Rent Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Advance Rent Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 

Affected Property has the meaning given such term in Section 2.4.2(iii). 
 Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person that (i) owns or Controls, directly or indirectly, twenty percent (20 or more of all equity interests in such Person, and or (ii) is in Control of, is Controlled by or is under common ownership or Control with such Person, and or (iii) is a director or officer of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person, and or (iv) is the spouse, lineal descendent or parent of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person. 
 Aggregate Appraised Value means, as to all Eligible Properties, the sum of the Appraised Values for such Eligible Properties. 
 Aggregate Collateral Value means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Collateral Values for all Properties. 
 Agreement has the meaning given such term in the introductory paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
 Allocated Loan Amount means, as to any Property, an amount equal to (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance times a fraction, the numerator of which is the Collateral Value of such Property and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Collateral Value, in each case as such amount is set forth on Schedule II based on the Properties as of the Closing Date. 
 Alternate Reserve Account has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.10. 
 Annual Budget means the operating and capital budget for the Properties in the aggregate setting forth, on a month-by-month basis, in reasonable detail, each line item of Borrower s good faith estimate of anticipated Rents and other recurring income, Operating Expenses and Capital Expenditures for the applicable twelve (12) calendar month period. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning given such term in Section 5.18. 
 Appraisal means a summary report completed within ninety (90) days of a Property s inclusion as an Eligible Property by any Approved Appraisal Provider, conforming in all respects with USPAP and FIRREA, providing such Approved Appraisal Provider s written opinion as to the as-is fair market value for a Property. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not include broker price opinions (BPOs, automated valuation models (AVMs), and other non-USPAP FIRREA compliant valuations. 
 Appraised Value means, with respect to any Property, the as-is U.S. Dollar value contained in an Appraisal regarding the fair market value of such Property accepted by Required Lenders, subject in any case to the terms of Section 2.1.2. 
 Approved Annual Budget has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.3. 
 2 

Approved Appraisal Providers means any Person which is either a state certified appraiser or a state licensed appraiser as such terms are defined in Part 323.1 of the FDIC rules and regulations regarding real estate appraisals promulgated under FIRREA from time to time, mutually acceptable to Borrower and Required Lenders. 
 Approved Extraordinary Operating Expense has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.4. 
 Approved Geographies means the approved geographies set forth on Exhibit K. 
 Assignment of Management Agreement means the Assignment of Management Agreement and Subordination of Management Fees among Borrower, Existing Manager and Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Available Cash has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.1(n). 
 Award means any compensation paid by any Governmental Authority in connection with a Condemnation in respect to all or any part of a Property. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq., as the same may be amended from time to time, and any successor statute or statutes and all rules and regulations from time to time promulgated thereunder, and any comparable foreign laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or creditors rights or any other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law. 
 Borrower has the meaning given such term in the introductory paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
 Borrower Security Agreement means that certain Borrower Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Borrower in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday on which national banks are not open for general business in (i) the State of New York, (ii) the state where the servicing offices of the Servicer are located, (iii) the state where the offices of Manager are located, or (iv) the state in which the corporate trust office of Collateral Agent from which the Loan Documents are being administered is located. 
 Calculation Date means the last day of each calendar quarter. 
 Capital Expenditures means, for any period, amounts expended for repairs, replacements and alterations to any Property and required to be capitalized according to GAAP. 
 Capital Expenditures Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.4. 
 Capital Expenditures Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.4. 
 3 

Capital Expenditures Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.4. 
 Cash Collateral Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.7. 
 Cash Collateral Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.7. 
 Cash Management Account means an Eligible Account at the Cash Management Account Bank established pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement. 
 Cash Management Account Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, or any other Eligible Institution selected by Required Lenders. 
 Cash Management Agreement means that certain Cash Management Agreement to be entered into among Borrower, Lenders and Cash Management Account Bank in relation to the Cash Management Account, the Rent Deposit Account and the Operating Account, in form and substance acceptable to Required Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Casualty has the meaning given such term in Section 6.2. 
 Casualty and Condemnation Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Casualty and Condemnation Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.5. 
 Casualty Prepayment Amount has the meaning given such term in Section 6.4(c). 
 Cause has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Change of Control means (i) with respect to Borrower, any change in the management and control of Borrower such that Borrower is no longer Controlled by Parent, (ii) with respect to Borrower, any change in the management and control of Borrower such that Borrower is no longer a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Equity Owner, or (iii) with respect to the Equity Owner, any change in the management and control of the Equity Owner such that the Equity Owner is no longer Controlled by Parent or a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 
 Closing Date means August 22, 2024. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and as it may be further amended from time to time, any successor statutes thereto, and applicable U.S. Department of Treasury regulations issued pursuant thereto in temporary or final form. 
 Collateral means, collectively, all of the real, personal and mixed property in which Liens are purported to be granted in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, pursuant to the Collateral Documents as security for the Obligations. 
 4 

Collateral Agency Agreement means that certain Collateral Agency Agreement dated as of the Closing Date by and among Collateral Agent, Borrower, Equity Owner and Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Collateral Agent means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, and any successor Collateral Agent approved by Required Lenders. 
 Collateral Documents means collectively, the Borrower Security Agreement, the Equity Owner Security Agreement, the Rent Deposit Account Control Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, each Assignment of Management Agreement, each Mortgage, and all other instruments, documents and agreements delivered by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in order to grant to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, a Lien on any real, personal or mixed property of a Loan Party as security for the Obligations. 
 Collateral Value means, as to any Stabilized Property, seventy-two percent (72 times the Appraised Value of such Property provided that the Collateral Value of any Property which is a Disqualified Property shall be zero. 
 Collections means, with respect to any Property, all Rents, Insurance Proceeds, Awards, Transfer Proceeds, interest on amounts on deposit in the Cash Management Account and the Reserve Funds, amounts paid by Borrower to the Cash Management Account pursuant to this Agreement, and all other payments received with respect to such Property and all proceeds (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) of such Property. For the avoidance of doubt, Collections shall not include security deposits that have not been forfeited by the applicable Tenant. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E. 
 Concentration Limits means, the property criteria set forth in the definition of Eligible Property. 
 Condemnation means a temporary or permanent taking by any Governmental Authority in the exercise of the right of condemnation or eminent domain, of all or any part of a Property, or any interest therein or right accruing thereto, including any right of access thereto. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlled and Controlling shall have correlative meanings. 
 Custodian means Collateral Agent or any custodian engaged by Lenders with respect to the Collateral and or the Notes. 
 Data Tape means a schedule of all Properties, with current information for each Property for each category of information shown on Exhibit I. 
 5 

Debt means the Outstanding Principal Balance together with all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other sums (including expense reimbursements, indemnification obligations and Yield Maintenance Premium, if applicable) due from time to time in respect of the Loan under any Loan Document. 
 Debt Service means, with respect to any particular period of determination, Monthly Debt Service Payments applicable to such period. 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, a ratio of (i) Underwritten Net Cash Flow for all Properties to (ii) actual Debt Service for the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of determination provided that for any date of determination prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, such amount shall be deemed to be the Monthly Debt Service Payment as of such date of determination multiplied by twelve (12). 
 Default means the occurrence of any event under any Loan Document which, but for the giving of notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the lesser of (i) the Maximum Legal Rate or (ii) four percent (4.0 above the pre-default Interest Rate. 
 Deficiency means, with respect to the Underwriting Package with respect to any Property, (i) the failure of one or more Specified Documents contained therein to be fully executed or to match the information on the most recent Data Tape required to be delivered by Section 5.31.7 (or, prior to the delivery of the first such Data Tape, the Data Tape attached hereto as Schedule II), (ii) one or more Specified Documents contained therein are mutilated, materially damaged, torn or otherwise materially physically altered or otherwise unreadable or (iii) the absence from the Underwriting Package with respect to any Property, of any Specified Document required to be contained in such Underwriting Package. 
 Diligence Agent means SingleSource Diligence Services of Utah, LLC, d b a Resolute Diligence Solutions, or, in the event that SingleSource Diligence Services of Utah, LLC, d b a Resolute Diligence Solutions ceases to act as Diligence Agent, any Person designated by Required Lenders and reasonably acceptable to Borrower as a successor Diligence Agent. 
 Diligence Agent Agreement means that certain Evaluation Services Agreement between Borrower and Diligence Agent, or any replacement evaluation services agreement between Borrower and the Person then acting as the Diligence Agent hereunder. 
 Diligence Agent Certification means a certification of the Diligence Agent that it has reviewed the Underwriting Package and performed the applicable diligence services for such Properties under the Diligence Agent Agreement in order to verify whether the applicable Properties constitute Eligible Properties and the calculation of the Appraised Value attributable to such Properties. 
 6 

Disqualified Property means any Property (i) which fails to constitute an Eligible Property and such breach continues uncured for more than fifteen (15) days from the date on which Borrower has actual knowledge of such failure or (ii) with respect to which any other breach exists under the Loan Documents that applies to such Property (but not to the Properties generally) to the extent that such breach would reasonably be expected to result in an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Property. 
 Eligible Account means a separate and identifiable account from all other funds held by the holding institution that is an account (or a subaccount thereof) maintained with an Eligible Institution. An Eligible Account shall not be evidenced by a certificate of deposit, passbook or other instrument. 
 Eligible Institution means a federal or state-chartered depository institution or trust company insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (i) whose long-term senior unsecured debt obligations are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody s (or equivalent ratings by another Rating Agency approved by Required Lenders if not rated by S&P or Moody s) or (ii) such other banking institution as is approved by Required Lenders. 
 Eligible Lease means, unless otherwise approved by Required Lenders, a written Lease that (i) is executed by an Eligible Tenant and Borrower (or, in the case of a Lease existing on the Closing Date, such Lease has been assigned to Borrower), (ii) has a rental rate and terms generally consistent with existing local market rates and terms as determined by Borrower in its commercially reasonable discretion, (iii) as of the date the Lease was executed, the Lease has a term of at least twelve (12) months and not more than three (3) years, (iv) complies with all applicable Legal Requirements in all material respects and includes all disclosures required by applicable Legal Requirements, (v) covers one hundred percent (100 of the square footage of the applicable Property and (vi) does not include any purchase option, right of refusal to purchase, right of first offer to purchase or similar interest in any Property in favor of any Tenant or any other Person. 
 Eligible Property means a Property that is in compliance with each of the Property Representations and Covenants and as to which the Diligence Agent has delivered a Diligence Agent Certification. In addition, (i) any Property which has been Transferred free of Collateral Agent s Lien thereon or for which the applicable Release Amount has been paid in connection with a Casualty or Condemnation shall no longer be an Eligible Property and (ii) any Disqualified Property shall not be an Eligible Property. Further, each Property must meet the Target Property Criteria. 
 Eligible Tenant means a bona fide third-party lessee of a Property who satisfies each of the following criteria (i) either (A) the Tenant satisfies Borrower s tenant underwriting guidelines as in effect on the date hereof or (B) Borrower or Manager otherwise reasonably verifies, based on bona fide written documentation, that the Tenant has sufficient financial resources to satisfy its obligations under the Lease for the Property, (ii) if the Tenant pays all or a portion of any Rent with vouchers provided by the Section 8 Housing Program, Borrower (or Manager on behalf of the Loan Parties) shall have received the applicable vouchers and paperwork necessary to receive such payments directly from HUD, (iii) the 
 7 

Tenant is not subject to an ongoing Event of Bankruptcy as of such date of initial screening (or if not so initially screened, as of the Closing Date), (iv) the Tenant occupies the Property and uses it for residential purpose and (v) the Tenant is not a Relevant Party or any Affiliate thereof or an immediate family member (ancestor, spouse or lineal descendant) of any of the foregoing. 
 Embargoed Person has the meaning given such term in Section 5.25. 
 Environmental Indemnity means that certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Borrower and Parent in favor of Collateral Agent and Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Equity Owner means VB Ten Equity, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Equity Owner Guaranty means that certain Equity Owner Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Equity Owner in favor of Collateral Agent and Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning given such term in Section 5.4. 
 Equity Owner Security Agreement means that certain Equity Owner Security Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Equity Owner in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any corporation or trade or business that is a member of any group of organizations (i) described in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code of which another entity is a member or (ii) described in Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which another entity is a member, except that this clause (ii) shall apply solely for purposes of potential liability under Section 302(b) of ERISA and Section 412(b) of the Code and the lien created under Section 303(k) of ERISA and Section 430(k) of the Code. 
 Event of Bankruptcy means, with respect to any Person (i) such Person shall (A) fail generally to pay its debts as they come due, (B) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (C) institute any case or other proceeding by such Person seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, (D) seek liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of its debts or any similar action under the Bankruptcy Code or (E) take any action to authorize any of such actions or (ii) a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of such Person in any court seeking the liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets, or any similar action with respect to such Person under the Bankruptcy Code, and (x) such case or proceeding 
 8 

shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (y) an order for relief in respect of such Person shall be entered in such case or proceeding or a decree or order granting such other requested relief shall be entered. 
 Event of Default has the meaning given such term in Section 8.1. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Taxes means Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes that are imposed by the jurisdiction in which a Lender is organized or in which a Lender s applicable lending office is located. 
 Existing Management Agreement means that certain Management Agreement dated TBD between Borrower and Existing Manager, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Existing Manager means VineBrook Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company . 
 Expenditures Certificate means an Officer s Certificate that accurately (i) describes all items of work with respect to the Property or Properties for which Borrower is seeking a disbursement of Capital Expenditures Funds for the applicable Property (ii) states (X) the cost of each item of work, and (Y) that such items of work are bona fide out-of-pocket costs and expenses of Borrower that were incurred for the Restoration or repair of the applicable Property (iii) states that such work has been completed in a good and workmanlike manner and in all material respects in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements (iv) states that such work has not been the subject of a previous disbursement (in the case of an Expenditures Certificate delivered in connection with a proposed disbursement of funds), and has been paid for in full by Borrower (including any cost in excess of the requested disbursement, if applicable) or will be paid in full in connection with the related disbursement (if applicable) (v) for any expenditure greater than Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) and any other expenditure requested by Required Lenders, is delivered together with copies of any invoices, mechanics lien releases and other documents specified by Required Lenders and (vi) if requested by Required Lenders, is delivered together with evidence of payment of such items of work. 
 Extraordinary Operating Expense has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.4. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 FIRREA means the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 9 

Fully Condemned Property has the meaning given such term in Section 6.3(b). 
 Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount has the meaning given such term in Section 6.3(b). 
 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Government List means (i) the Annex to Presidential Executive Order 13224 (Sept. 24, 2001), (ii) OFAC s most current list of Specifically Designated National and Blocked Persons (which list may be published from time to time in various mediums including, but not limited to, the OFAC website, http www.treasury.gov ofac downloads t11sdn.pdf or any successor website or webpage) and (iii) any other list of terrorists, terrorist organizations or narcotics traffickers maintained by a Governmental Authority that Required Lenders notify Borrower in writing is now included in Government List. 
 Governmental Authority means any court, board, agency, commission, office or authority of any nature whatsoever or any governmental unit (federal, state, commonwealth, county, district, municipal, city, foreign or otherwise) or quasi-governmental authority or self-regulatory organization, in each case, whether now or hereafter in existence. For the avoidance of doubt, Governmental Authority includes HUD, OCRC and any similar state or local housing authorities as well as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. 
 GPR means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the annualized in-place Rents under bona fide Eligible Leases for the Properties and (ii) annualized market rents for Properties that are vacant as of such date. For purposes of clause (ii) market rents shall be determined by Borrower or, if Borrower elects, by a nationally recognized rental rate reporting service selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion (such nationally recognized rental rate reporting service s fee to be at Borrower s sole cost and expense). 
 HOA means a homeowners association, board, corporation or similar entity with authority to create a Lien on a Property as a result of the non-payment of HOA Fees that are payable with respect to such Property. 
 HOA Dues has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 HOA Fees means all homeowners dues, fees, assessments and impositions, and any other charges levied or assessed or imposed against a Property, or any part thereof, by an HOA. 
 HOA Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 HOA Property means a Property subject to an HOA. 
 HOA Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 HOA Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.2. 
 10 

HUD means the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
 Improvements means the buildings, structures, fixtures, additions, enlargements, extensions, modifications, repairs, replacements and improvements now or hereafter erected or located on any Property. 
 Increased Costs has the meaning given such term in Section 2.6. 
 Indebtedness means (i) all indebtedness for (A) borrowed money, (B) amounts drawn under a letter of credit, or (C) the deferred purchase price of property, (ii) all unfunded amounts under a loan agreement, letter of credit, or other credit facility, (iii) all amounts required to be paid as a guaranteed payment to equity owners or a preferred or special dividend, including any mandatory redemption of equity interests, (iv) all obligations under leases that constitute capital leases, (v) all obligations under interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars and other interest hedge agreements, whether absolute or contingent, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, (vi) indebtedness secured by a Lien on any property owned by the applicable Person (whether or not such indebtedness has been assumed), (vii) any guaranty of any of the foregoing and (viii) any other contractual obligation for the payment of money, including trade payables, that is more than sixty (60) days past due. 
 Indemnified Persons means, collectively, (i) each Lender and Collateral Agent, (ii) any successor owner or holder of the Loan or participations in the Loan, (iii) any Servicer or prior Servicer of the Loan, (iv) MetLife Investment Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the investment manager of each Lender, and any Affiliate of a Lender that acts as an underwriter, placement agent, any other co-underwriters or co-placement agents, and (v) each of the respective officers, directors, partners, employees, representatives, agents and Affiliates and each Person or entity who Controls any such Person (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) of any and all of the foregoing, in all cases whether during the Term or as part of or following a foreclosure of the Loan. 
 Indemnified Taxes means, other than Excluded Taxes, all Taxes (including any stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes) that arise from or are imposed upon any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, or enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or the registration of, from the receipt or perfection of any Lien of or under any Loan Document. 
 Independent Director has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Individual Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Property, (i) any event or condition that has a Material Adverse Effect on the profitability, value, use, occupation, leasing or marketability of such Property or results in any material liability to, claim against or obligation of Collateral Agent, a Lender or any Relevant Party or (ii) the enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the Lien of the Collateral Documents with respect to such Property. 
 11 

Initial Maturity Date means August 22, 2029. 
 Insolvency Opinion means that certain non-consolidation opinion letter dated as of the Closing Date delivered by counsel to the Loan Parties in connection with the Loan. 
 Insurance Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.3. 
 Insurance Premiums has the meaning given such term in Exhibit A. 
 Insurance Proceeds means all property and business interruption insurance proceeds paid or payable to Borrower or Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, in connection with damage to or destruction of a Property. 
 Insurance Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.3. 
 Insurance Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.3. 
 Interest Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.8. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the immediately preceding calendar month, provided , that the initial Interest Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the last day of the calendar month during which the Closing Date occurs. 
 Interest Rate means, a per annum rate equal to four and 50 100ths percent (4.50 ). 
 Interest Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.8. 
 Lease means any agreement or arrangement pursuant to which any Person has or claims a possessory interest in, or right to use or occupy, all or any part of any Property, and every modification, amendment or other agreement relating thereto, including any sublease, assignment and guarantee. 
 Legal Requirements means all federal, state, county, municipal and other governmental statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees and injunctions of Governmental Authorities, whether now or hereafter enacted and in force, and all permits, licenses and authorizations and regulations relating thereto, and all covenants, agreements, restrictions and encumbrances contained in any instruments, with any Governmental Authorities or enforceable by any Governmental Authorities, at any time in force affecting any Borrower, any Property or any part thereof (or if applicable, Manager or any Relevant Party), including, without limitation, any which may (i) require repairs, modifications or alterations in or to a Property or any part thereof, or (ii) in any way limit the leasing, use and enjoyment of a Property. For the avoidance of doubt, Legal Requirements includes statutes, laws, rules, orders, regulations, judgments, decrees and injunctions relating to fair housing including, without limitation, the Fair Housing Act (Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968) and any applicable state laws. 
 Lender and Lenders have the meaning given such terms in the introductory paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
 12 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, easement, restrictive covenant, preference, assignment, security interest, or any other encumbrance, charge or transfer of, or any agreement to enter into or create any of the foregoing, on or affecting all or any portion of any Collateral, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, the filing of any financing statement, and mechanic s, materialmen s and other similar liens and encumbrances. 
 Limited Payment Guaranty means that certain Limited Payment Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Parent in favor of Lenders, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Loan means the loan evidenced by the Notes, in the aggregate amount of One Hundred Seventy-One Million, Five Hundred Sixty-Seven Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Eight and No 100ths Dollars 171,567,288.00), consisting of the MLIC Loan and the MTLIC Loan. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Note, the Collateral Agency agreement, the Recourse Guaranty, the Limited Payment Guaranty, the Equity Owner Guaranty, the Environmental Indemnity, each Collateral Document and all other agreements, instruments and documents delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, as any of the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Loan Party means Borrower and Equity Owner. 
 Losses means any and all claims, suits, liabilities (including, without limitation, strict liabilities), actions, proceedings, obligations, debts, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fines, penalties, charges, fees, expenses, judgments, awards, amounts paid in settlement of whatever kind or nature, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and other out-of-pocket costs of defense (including in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not any Indemnified Person shall be designated a party thereto). 
 Low Debt Service Period shall commence if, as of any Calculation Date, either Borrower has failed to deliver any document required in Section 5.31.1(b) or the Debt Service Coverage Ratio is less than 1.20 1.00, and shall end (A) at such time as the Properties have achieved, as of any two succeeding consecutive Calculation Dates, a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least 1.20 1.00, (B) immediately after Borrower shall have prepaid the Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount sufficient to cause the Debt Service Coverage Ratio to be 1.20 1.0 or greater, (C) immediately after Borrower has granted Mortgages on Eligible Properties to Collateral Agent to serve as additional Collateral for the Loan such that the Debt Service Coverage Ratio shall then be 1.20 1.0 or greater, or (D) during the first twelve (12) months following the Closing Date, immediately upon Borrower depositing funds into the Eligibility Reserve in an amount which, when included in the numerator of the calculation of Debt Service Coverage Ratio, yields a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of 1.20 1.0 or greater (the DSCR Deposit ). At such time as the Debt Service Coverage Ratio (calculated without considering the DSCR Deposit) is 1.20 1.0 or greater, the DSCR Deposit shall be remitted to or at the direction of Borrower. 
 13 

Management Agreement means any agreement pursuant to which any Person has any right or obligation to manage, lease or collect rent from any of the Properties. The only Management Agreements permitted hereunder are the Existing Management Agreement and any Replacement Management Agreement as to which the requirements herein have been satisfied. 
 Management Fee Cap means, commencing with the calendar month ending immediately prior to each Payment Date during the Term, six percent (6.0 of gross Rents collected with respect to the Properties for such calendar month. For purposes of such calculation, Advance Rent shall be deemed to be collected in the calendar month to which it is applicable as set forth on the related Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule. 
 Manager means Existing Manager or, if the context requires, a Qualified Manager who is managing one or more of the Properties in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement pursuant to a Management Agreement. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1.21. 
 Material Action has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (i) any event or condition that has a material adverse effect on (A) the property, business, operations or financial condition of any Relevant Party, (B) the use, operation or value of the Properties taken as a whole, (C) the ability of Borrower to repay the principal and interest of the Loan when due or the ability of any Relevant Party to satisfy its respective obligations under the Loan Documents when due or (D) the enforceability or validity of any Loan Document, the perfection or priority of any Lien created under any Loan Document or the rights, interests and remedies of a Lender or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, or (ii) any determination by Required Lenders in their reasonable and good faith discretion that the management and operation of the Properties by any Relevant Party or any of their respective Affiliates does not comply with Legal Requirements in any material respect. For the avoidance of doubt, any determination by a Governmental Authority that the policies and procedures of any Relevant Party relating to the use and operation of the Properties do not comply with Legal Requirements shall, unless Required Lenders otherwise agree, be deemed a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) the Initial Maturity Date and (ii) such date following an Event of Default on which the principal of the Note becomes due and payable by declaration of acceleration of otherwise. 
 Maximum Legal Rate means the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Debt evidenced by the Note and as provided for herein or the other Loan Documents, under the laws of such Governmental Authority whose laws are held by any court of competent jurisdiction to govern the interest rate provisions of the Loan. 
 14 

MLIC Loan means a certain loan from MLIC Lender to Borrower in the original principal amount of One Hundred Twenty-Seven Million Six Hundred Eighty-Five Thousand Six Hundred Ninety-Four and 32 100ths Dollars 127,685,694.32). 
 MLIC Percentage means 74.42310 . 
 Monthly Budgeted Amount has the meaning given such term in Section 7.4.3. 
 Monthly Debt Service Payment means, for each Payment Date, a monthly payment equal to the payment of interest, equal to the amount payable in respect of interest pursuant to Section 2.2.1(a) for the Interest Period ending on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgage means a mortgage, assignment of leases and rents, security agreement and fixture filing, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents, security agreement and fixture filing or deed to secure debt, assignment of leases and rents, security agreement and fixture filing, as applicable, for each Property or for multiple Properties located within the same county or parish, executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, constituting a Lien on the Improvements and the Property or Properties, as applicable, as Collateral for the Obligations, as any of the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 MSA means a Metropolitan Statistical Area as defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget. 
 MTLIC Loan means that certain loan from MTLIC Lender to Borrower in the original principal amount of Forty-Three Million Eight Hundred Eighty-One Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-Three and 68 100ths Dollars 43,881,593.68). 
 MTLIC Percentage means 25.57690 . 
 Nationally Recognized Service Company has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Net Assets means, with respect to any Person, the difference between (i) such Person s assets determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding accumulated depreciation, and (ii) such Person s liabilities determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Net Proceeds means (i) Insurance Proceeds or (ii) Awards, whichever the case may be, and in each case after deduction of reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable counsel fees) incurred by Collateral Agent and or Lenders in collecting and disbursing the same. 
 Net Proceeds Deficiency has the meaning given such term in Section 6.4(d). 
 Note has the meaning given such term in Section 2.1.1. 
 15 

Notice has the meaning given such term in Section 9.1. 
 Obligations means, collectively, each and all obligations of the Relevant Parties under the Loan Documents, including Borrower s obligations for the payment of the Debt, including without limitation, interest that accrues after any Event of Bankruptcy, regardless of whether such interest is allowable or allowed in any proceeding relating to an Event of Bankruptcy. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury. 
 Officer s Certificate means a certificate delivered to Lenders by Borrower which is signed by an authorized officer of Borrower. 
 Operating Account means the deposit account held at Operating Account Bank in the name of Borrower, which account may be changed from time to time pursuant to mutual written agreement by Borrower and Required Lenders. 
 Operating Account Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, or any other Eligible Institution selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. 
 Operating Expenses means, for any period, without duplication, all expenses actually paid or payable by Borrower during such period in connection with the administration, operation, management, maintenance, repair and use of the Properties, determined on an accrual basis, and, except to the extent otherwise provided in this definition, in accordance with GAAP. Operating Expenses specifically shall include, without duplication, (i) all operating expenses incurred in such period based on quarterly financial statements delivered to Lenders in accordance with Section 4.3.1(a), (ii) cost of utilities, inventories, and fixed asset supplies consumed in the operation of the Properties, (iii) fees payable to Manager in an amount equal to the greater of (A) actual fees paid to Manager or (B) the Management Fee Cap, (iv) costs and fees of independent professionals (including, without limitation, legal, accounting, consultants and other professional expenses), technical consultants, operational experts (including quality assurance inspectors) or other third parties retained to perform services required or permitted hereunder (not to exceed the prevailing market rates for such services), (v) operational equipment and other lease payments to the extent constituting operating expenses under GAAP, (vi) Property Taxes and HOA Fees, (vii) Insurance Premiums and (viii) Property maintenance expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Operating Expenses shall not include (A) depreciation, amortization or other non-cash items, (B) income taxes or other charges in the nature of income taxes, (C) any expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional fees, expenses and disbursements) incurred in connection with the making of the Loan or the sale, exchange, transfer, financing or refinancing of all or any portion of any Property or in connection with the recovery of Insurance Proceeds or Awards, (D) any loss that is covered by the Policies, including any portion of a loss that is subject to a deductible under the Policies, (E) Capital Expenditures, (F) Debt Service, (G) expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition and initial leasing and renovation of Properties and other activities undertaken prior to such initial lease that do not constitute recurring operating expenses to be paid by Borrower, including eviction of existing Tenants, incentive payments to Tenants and other similar expenses, (H) any item of expense which would 
 16 

otherwise be considered within Operating Expenses pursuant to the provisions above but is paid directly by any Tenant under a Lease, (I) any service that is required to be provided by Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement without compensation or reimbursement (other than the management fee set forth in the Management Agreement), (J) any expenses that relate to a Property from and after the release of such Property in accordance with Section 2.5, (K) bad debt expense with respect to Rents and lost Rents due to vacancies, (L) the value of any free rent or other concessions provided with respect to the Properties, or (M) corporate overhead expenses incurred by Borrower s Affiliates. 
 Origination Fee means the fee payable (i) to MLIC Lender in an amount equal to two and one-half percent (2.50 of the original principal amount of the MLIC Loan, and (ii) to MTLIC Lender in an amount equal to two and one-half percent (2.50 of the original principal amount of the MTLIC Loan, respectively, in consideration of the making of the applicable Loan by each Lender, which such Origination Fee shall be fully-earned, due and payable on the Closing Date. 
 Other Charges means any other charges levied or assessed or imposed against a Property, or any part thereof, other than Taxes or HOA Fees. 
 Outstanding Principal Balance means, on any date of determination, the outstanding principal balance of the Loan on such date, the outstanding principal balance of the MLIC Loan on such date, or the outstanding principal balance of the MTLIC Loan on such date, in each case as the context may require. 
 Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT ACT) of 2001, as the same may be amended from time to time, and corresponding provisions of future laws. 
 Patriot Act Offense has the meaning given such term in Section 4.1.23. 
 Payment Date has the meaning given such term in Section 2.3.1. 
 Parent means VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation. 
 Parent Financial Covenant means the requirement that Parent maintain Net Assets of not less than Three Hundred Forty-Three Million Two Hundred Three Thousand Nine Hundred Eighty-Four and No 100ths Dollars 343,203,984.00) (exclusive of Parent s indirect interest in Borrower). 
 Permitted Indebtedness has the meaning given such term in Section 5.4. 
 Permitted Investment means the investments described in clause (i) below, subject to qualifications set forth in clause (ii) below 
 (i) (A) obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the United States government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (B) federal funds, unsecured certificates of deposit, time deposits, 
 17 

banker s acceptances, and repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 365 days of any bank, the short-term debt obligations of which are rated A-1+ (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies, it being understood that the A-1+ benchmark rating and other benchmark ratings in this Agreement are intended to be the ratings, or the equivalent of ratings, issued by S (C) deposits that are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (D) debt obligations that are rated AA (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies having maturities of not more than 365 days (E) commercial paper rated A 1+ (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies and (F) investment in money market funds rated AAAm or AAAm G (or the equivalent) by each of the Rating Agencies. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Permitted Investments shall (A) exclude any security with the S&P s r symbol (or any other Rating Agency s corresponding symbol) attached to the rating (indicating high volatility or dramatic fluctuations in their expected returns because of market risk), as well as any mortgage-backed securities and any security of the type commonly known as strips (B) not have maturities in excess of one year (C) be limited to those instruments that have a predetermined fixed dollar of principal due at maturity that cannot vary or change and (D) exclude any investment where the right to receive principal and interest derived from the underlying investment provides a yield to maturity in excess of one hundred twenty percent (120 of the yield to maturity at par of such underlying investment. Interest may either be fixed or variable, and any variable interest must be tied to a single interest rate index plus a single fixed spread (if any), and move proportionately with that index. No investment shall be made which requires a payment above par for an obligation if the obligation may be prepaid at the option of the issuer thereof prior to its maturity. All investments shall mature or be redeemable upon the option of the holder thereof on or prior to the earlier of (x) three months from the date of their purchase or (y) the Business Day preceding the day before the date such amounts are required to be applied hereunder. 
 Permitted Liens means, collectively, (i) the Liens and security interests created by the Loan Documents, (ii) all encumbrances and other matters disclosed in the Title Insurance Policies for the Properties as Required Lenders have approved in writing, (iii) Liens, if any, for Taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority not yet due or delinquent, (iv) Liens arising after the Closing Date for Taxes being contested in accordance with the terms hereof, (v) any workers , mechanics or other similar Liens on a Property that are bonded or discharged within sixty (60) days after Borrower first receives written notice of such Lien, (vi) all easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar non-monetary encumbrances recorded against and affecting any Property that would not reasonably be expected to and do not have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on the Property, (vii) such other title and survey exceptions as Required Lenders have approved in writing in their reasonable discretion, and (viii) rights of Tenants, as tenants only, under Leases permitted hereunder. 
 Permitted Transfers has the meaning given such term in Section 5.24. 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, unincorporated association, any other entity, any Governmental Authority and any fiduciary acting in such capacity on behalf of any of the foregoing. 
 18 

Policy and Policies have the meanings given such terms in Exhibit A. 
 Prepayment Notice means a prior written notice to Lenders specifying the proposed Business Day on which a voluntary prepayment of the Debt is to be made pursuant to Section 2.4.1, which date shall be no earlier than ten (10) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice and no later than thirty (30) days after the date of such Prepayment Notice. 
 Prepayment Rate means the bond equivalent yield (in the secondary market) on the United States Treasury Security that as of the Prepayment Rate Determination Date has a remaining term to maturity closest to, but not exceeding, the remaining term to the Yield Maintenance Date as most recently published in the Treasury Bonds, Notes and Bills section in The Wall Street Journal as of such Prepayment Rate Determination Date. If more than one issue of United States Treasury Securities has the same remaining term to the Yield Maintenance Date, the Prepayment Rate shall be the yield on such United States Treasury Security most recently issued as of the Prepayment Rate Determination Date. The rate so published shall control absent manifest error. If the publication of the Prepayment Rate in The Wall Street Journal is discontinued, Required Lenders shall determine the Prepayment Rate on the basis of Statistical Release H.15 (519), Selected Interest Rates, or any successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or on the basis of such other publication or statistical guide as Required Lenders may reasonably select. 
 Prepayment Rate Determination Date means the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the date that a prepayment of principal is applied pursuant to Section 2.4.4(b). 
 Prescribed Laws means, collectively, (i) the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107 56) (The USA PATRIOT Act), (ii) Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, and relating to Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism, (iii) the International Emergency Economic Power Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. and (iv) all other Legal Requirements relating to money laundering or terrorism. 
 Previously-Owned Properties means any residential real properties previously owned by Borrower but are no longer owned by Borrower as of the Closing Date. 
 Prohibited Assignee means any Person owned (in whole or in part) or controlled or managed by (i) Credit Suisse (Switzerland) Ltd., (ii) UBS Group AG, (iii) Acis Capital Management, L.P., (iv) Alvarez & Marsal Holdings, LLC, (v) Farallon Capital Management, LLC, (vi) Glacier Lake Capital Advisors, (vii) Grosvenor Capital Management, L.P., (viii) HarbourVest Partners LLC, (ix) Highland Capital Management, L.P., (x) Shorewood Management, L.P., (xi) Stonehill Capital Management, LLC, (xii) Teneo (including Teneo Global Advisory and Teneo Capital, LLC), and (xiii) any of the foregoing Persons respective Affiliates or subsidiaries. 
 19 

Properties Schedule means the data tape of Properties attached hereto as Schedule II.A as of the Closing Date, as updated on a monthly basis in the form attached hereto as Schedule II.B, pursuant to Section 5.31.6 . 
 Property means, individually, and Properties means, collectively, the residential real properties described on Schedule II (as the same may be supplemented from time to time) provided that if (i) the Allocated Loan Amount for any Property has been reduced to zero and (ii) all interest and other Obligations related to the repayment of such Allocated Loan Amount have been repaid in full, then such residential real property shall no longer be a Property hereunder. The Properties include the Improvements now or hereafter erected or installed thereon and other personal property owned by Borrower located thereon, together with all rights pertaining to such real property, Improvements and personal property. 
 Property Document means each agreement relating to a Property, each Permitted Lien affecting a Property and each other instrument binding on Borrower or any Property, including any reciprocal easement agreement, declaration of covenants, conditions and restrictions and any HOA governing documents, rules and regulations. 
 Property Representations and Covenants means the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in Sections 4.1.4, 4.1.6, 4.1.9, 4.1.11, 4.1.12, 4.1.13, 4.1.14, 4.1.15, 4.1.16, 4.1.17, 4.1.18, 4.1.19, 4.1.24, 4.1.25, 4.1.26, 4.1.27, 4.1.28, 4.1.29, Section 5.1, Section 5.5, Section 5.6, Section 5.8, Section 5.10, Section 5.11 Section 5.13 and Section 5.14 hereof and the representations, warranties and covenants in Section 1 and 2 of the Environmental Indemnity. 
 Property Taxes means any real estate and personal property Taxes, assessments, water charges, sewer rents, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto now or hereafter levied or assessed or imposed by a Governmental Authority against any Property, any Collateral, any part of either of the foregoing, or Borrower. 
 Qualified Manager means (i) Existing Manager, (ii) any Person that is under common Control with Existing Manager, (iii) a reputable Person that has at least three (3) years experience in the management of residential rental properties in the aggregate amount equal to or greater than Existing Manager as of the Closing Date, and is at the time of determination managing residential rental properties in (a) at least that number of residential rental properties managed by Existing Manager as of the Closing Date in each state and MSA that the applicable Properties to be managed by such Person are located (or has retained by subcontract a property manager in such areas before the effectiveness of any termination or resignation of Manager) and (b) every state that the applicable Properties to be managed by such Person are located, and is not (nor is any Person under common Control with such Person) the subject of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding or any governmental or regulatory investigation which resulted in a final, nonappealable conviction for criminal activity involving moral turpitude, or (iv) any other Person that is approved by Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion provided , that if such Person is an 
 20 

Affiliate of Borrower, Borrower shall have obtained an Additional Insolvency Opinion if such an opinion is reasonably requested by Required Lenders. 
 Qualified Release Property Default has the meaning given such term in Section 2.5. 
 Rating Agencies means S&P and Moody s. 
 Records means all Leases, agreements, instruments, documents, books, records and other information (including tapes, disks, punch cards and related property and rights) maintained with respect to Properties or the Loan Parties. 
 Recourse Guaranty means that certain Recourse Guaranty and Indemnity, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by Parent in favor of Collateral Agent and Lenders. 
 Regulatory Change means any change after the Closing Date in federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, or the adoption, taking effect or the making, after such date, of any interpretations, directives or requests applying to a Lender, or any Person in Control of a Lender or to a class of banks or companies Controlling banks, of or under any United States federal, state or foreign laws or regulations (whether or not having the force of law) by any United States court or Governmental Authority or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof (expressly excluding any of the foregoing imposed by a foreign Governmental Authority). 
 Release Amount means, for a Property as of any date of determination, the following applicable amount together with any other amounts (in respect of interest or yield maintenance) specified in Section 2.4.4 (i) one hundred five percent (105 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is less than ten percent (10 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date (ii) one hundred ten percent (110 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than ten percent (10 but less than fifteen percent (15 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date (iii) one hundred fifteen percent (115 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than fifteen percent (15 but less than twenty percent (20 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date, and (iv) one hundred twenty percent (120 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Property if the sum of the initial Allocated Loan Amounts of all Release Properties, including such Property, is equal to or greater than twenty percent (20 of the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date. 
 Release Conditions has the meaning given such term in Section 2.5. 
 Release Property has the meaning given such term in Section 2.5. 
 Relevant Party means each Loan Party and Parent (collectively, the Relevant Parties ). 
 21 

Renovation Standards means the maintenance, repairs, improvements and installations that are necessary for a Property to conform to applicable Legal Requirements and not deviate materially from local rental market standards for similarly situated properties in the area in which such Property is located. 
 Rent Deposit Account means the deposit account held at the Rent Deposit Account Bank in the name of Borrower, or, as may be subsequently agreed to by Borrower and Required Lenders in writing, a deposit account of Manager at the Rent Deposit Account Bank, in which Collections are deposited. 
 Rent Deposit Account Bank means PNC Bank, National Association, or any other Eligible Institution selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. 
 Rent Deposit Account Control Agreement means a deposit account control agreement dated as of the Closing Date among Borrower, Lenders and Rent Deposit Account Bank providing for control by Lenders of the Rent Deposit Account (exercisable only upon the written direction of Required Lenders upon the occurrence of a Trigger Period), as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Rents means, with respect to each Property, all rents and rent equivalents (including for forfeited security deposits allocated to rent) and any fees, payments or other compensation from any Tenant. 
 Replacement Management Agreement means a Management Agreement (other than the Existing Management Agreement) between Borrower and a Qualified Manager, which agreement satisfies the requirements set forth herein and is in form and substance acceptable to Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion. 
 Request for Release means a request for release of a Property in connection with any Transfer of a Property, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 Required DSCR means 1.20 1. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) unless and until the MLIC Loan has been reduced to zero, one or more Persons holding in the aggregate at least fifty-one percent (51 of Outstanding Principal Balance of the MLIC Loan at such time and (b) otherwise, the Required MTLIC Lenders provided that any portion of the MLIC Loan or the MTLIC Loan held by any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall be disregarded in the determination of Required Lenders unless all Loans are held by a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 Required MTLIC Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) one or more Persons holding in the aggregate at least fifty-one percent (51 of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the MTLIC Loan at such time provided that (any portion of the MTLIC Loan held by any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party shall be disregarded in the determination of Required MTLIC Lenders unless all MTLIC Loan are held by a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 22 

Reserve Cure Deposit has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.12. 
 Reserve Funds means, collectively, all funds held in the Reserves pursuant to Article 7, including, but not limited to, the Advance Rent Funds (if any), the Capital Expenditures Funds, the Cash Collateral Funds, the Casualty and Condemnation Funds, the HOA Funds, the Insurance Funds, the Interest Funds and the Tax Funds. 
 Reserve Release Date means any Business Day as requested by Borrower pursuant to a Reserve Release Request provided that there shall be no more than one Reserve Release Date in any calendar month. 
 Reserve Release Request means any written request by Borrower for a release of Reserve Funds made in accordance with Article 7. 
 Reserves means, collectively, the Eligibility Reserve, the Tax Reserve, the HOA Reserve, the Insurance Reserve, the Interest Reserve, the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve, the Cash Collateral Reserve, the Capital Expenditures Reserve, and the Advance Rent Reserve, each of which shall, individually, be a Reserve. 
 Responsible Officer means, as to any Person, the chief executive officer or president or, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer or treasurer of such Person provided that in the event any such officer is unavailable at any time he or she is required to take any action hereunder, Responsible Officer means any officer authorized to act on such officer s behalf as demonstrated by a certified resolution of such Person. 
 Restoration means the repair and restoration of a Property after a Casualty as nearly as possible to the condition such Property was in immediately prior to such Casualty, with such material alterations as may be approved by Required Lenders, which such approval shall not to be unreasonably withheld. 
 Restoration Conditions means (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing beyond any applicable notice and cure period, (ii) within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of the Casualty, Borrower delivers to Lenders a written undertaking to expeditiously commence and to satisfactorily complete with due diligence the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (iii) Required Lenders shall be satisfied that any Debt Service and operating deficits which will be incurred with respect to the Properties as a result of the occurrence of the Casualty will be covered out of (A) the applicable Net Proceeds, (B) the insurance coverage referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) of Exhibit A, if applicable, or (C) by other funds of Borrower (iv) Required Lenders shall be satisfied that the Restoration will be completed on or before the earliest of (A) six (6) months prior to the Maturity Date, (B) such time as may be required under applicable Legal Requirements or (C) six (6) months prior to the expiration of the insurance coverage referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) of Exhibit A and (v) the Net Proceeds together with any Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited by Borrower with Lender are sufficient to cover the cost of the Restoration, as determined by Required Lenders in their commercially reasonable discretion . 
 23 

Restoration Threshold Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 50,000.00) per Property, and (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50 of the Outstanding Principal Balance. 
 Restricted Junior Payment means, with respect to any Person, (i) any dividend or other distribution of any nature (including cash, securities, assets, Indebtedness or otherwise) and any payment (by virtue of redemption, retirement or otherwise) on any class of equity interests or subordinate Indebtedness issued by such Person now or hereafter outstanding, whether directly or indirectly, and (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any equity interests or subordinate Indebtedness of such Person now or hereafter outstanding. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings 
 Section 8 Housing Program means the HUD housing choice voucher program, commonly referred to as Section 8, and including herein any replacement, successor or similar federal or state program. 
 Section 8 Housing Tenants means Tenants paying all or a portion of any Rent with vouchers provided pursuant to the Section 8 Housing Program. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Security Deposit Account has the meaning given such term in Section 5.14(a). 
 Servicer has the meaning given such term in Section 9.23. 
 Sole Member has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, (i) the fair saleable value of such Person s assets exceeds its total liabilities, (ii) such Person s assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry out its business as conducted or as proposed to be conducted and (iii) such Person is able to pay its liabilities as they mature. 
 Special Member has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Special Purpose Entity has the meaning given such term in Exhibit C. 
 Specified Documents means, with respect to any Property, each document listed in the definition of Underwriting Package with respect to such Property. 
 Stabilized Property means a Property for which all relevant renovation and capital repairs have been completed and which, as of the date of determination (a) is then subject to an Eligible Lease or (b) is not then leased, but was previously subject to an Eligible Lease at any time during the Term of the Loan. 
 24 

Substitute Property has the meaning given such term in Section 2.4.2(iii). 
 Target Property Criteria means the criteria set forth on Exhibit K. 
 Tax Funds has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.1. 
 Tax Reserve has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.1. 
 Tax Reserve Minimum Balance has the meaning given such term in Section 7.3.1. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto, including Property Taxes. 
 Tenant means any Person obligated by contract or otherwise to pay monies under any Lease now or hereafter affecting all or any part of a Property. 
 Tenant Direction Letter has the meaning given such term in Section 7.1.3. 
 Term means the entire term of this Agreement, which shall expire upon repayment in full of the Debt. 
 Title Insurance Company means the applicable title insurance company selected by Borrower and reasonably approved by Required Lenders. Old Republic Title Insurance Company is hereby approved by Required Lenders. 
 Title Insurance Owner s Policy means, with respect to each Property, an ALTA owner title insurance policy issued by the Title Insurance Company in a form reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders (or, if a Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located in a state which does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be permitted in such state and determined that is reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders) issued with respect to such Property or Properties, as applicable (subject to Permitted Liens) and insuring the fee simple legal title to such Property and naming Borrower as the insured party. 
 Title Insurance Policy means, with respect to each Property, or multiple Properties encumbered by the same Mortgage, an ALTA mortgagee title insurance policy issued by the Title Insurance Company containing such endorsements as Required Lenders may reasonably require (to the extent available in the state where the Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located) in a form reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders (or, if such Property or the Properties, as applicable, are located in a state which does not permit the issuance of such ALTA policy, such form as shall be permitted in such state and determined that is reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders) issued with respect to such Property or Properties, as applicable, and insuring the Lien of the applicable Mortgage encumbering such Property or 
 25 

Properties, as applicable, as a valid first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) and naming Collateral Agent, as collateral agent for the benefit of Lenders, its successors and assigns, as the insured party. 
 Transfer means any transfer of any kind (including any gift, conveyance, lease, sublease, sale or Lien) with respect to all or any part of or any interest (whether ownership, beneficial or otherwise) in any Property, Collateral, Borrower or the Equity Owner, whether voluntarily or involuntarily and whether directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise. Without limitation, Transfer includes (i) an installment sales agreement wherein by which a Property or any part thereof is to be sold for a price to be paid in installments (ii) an agreement for the leasing of all or a substantial part of a Property for any purpose other than the actual occupancy by a Tenant thereunder (iii) a sale, assignment or other transfer of, or the grant of a security interest in, Borrower s right, title and interest in and to any Leases or any Rents (iv) if Equity Owner or Borrower is a corporation, the voluntary or involuntary sale, conveyance or transfer of such corporation s stock, or the creation or issuance of new stock, or entering into any agreement to do any of the foregoing (v) if Equity Owner or Borrower is a partnership, limited liability company, or other entity, any change, withdrawal, removal, resignation, addition, or change of control of any partner, member, or other interest holder, or the issuance of any new partnership, membership or other entity interest, or the transfer of any partnership, membership or other entity interest, or entering into any agreement to do any of the foregoing (vi) any pledge, hypothecation, assignment, transfer or other Lien or encumbrance of any direct ownership interest in Equity Owner or Borrower and (vii) granting or sufferance of any purchase option, right of first refusal to purchase, right of first offer to purchase or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or other Persons. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the term Transfer shall neither include, nor be deemed to include, any sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, assignment, hypothecation or any other transaction involving the equity interests of Parent or any of their respective direct or indirect equity holders. 
 Transfer Date means the date upon which a Transfer of a Property is consummated. 
 Transfer Expenses means, with respect to the Transfer of any Property, the reasonable expenses of Borrower incurred in connection therewith not to exceed the lesser of (x) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and (y) eight percent (8.0 of all gross amounts realized with respect thereto, for any of the following (i) third party real estate commissions, (ii) the closing costs of the purchaser of such Property actually paid by Borrower and (iii) Borrower s miscellaneous closings costs, including title, escrow and appraisal costs and expenses. 
 Transfer Proceeds means, with respect to the Transfer of any Property, the gross sales price for such Property (including any earnest money, down payment or similar deposit included in the total sales price paid by the purchaser), less Transfer Expenses. 
 Trigger Period shall commence upon the occurrence of (i) an Event of Default or (ii) the commencement of a Low Debt Service Period and shall end if, (a) with respect to a Trigger Period continuing pursuant to clause (i), the Event of Default commencing the Trigger Period has been cured or 
 26 

waived (and no other Event of Default is then continuing) or (b) with respect to a Trigger Period continuing due to clause (ii), the Low Debt Service Period has ended pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 U.S. Dollars refers to lawful money of the United States. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. 
 Underwriting Package means with respect to any Property or group of Properties 
 (i) an Appraisal and Manager s assessment of property value together with a Data Tape which includes information with respect to such Property 
 (ii) a deed for each such Property in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders conveying such Property to Borrower with vesting in the actual name of Borrower and recorded in the applicable real estate recording office, along with evidence that all fees, premiums, deed stamps and transfer taxes have been paid or delivered to the Title Insurance Company 
 (iii) a Mortgage, and any applicable amendments to the Loan Documents as may be required in connection therewith, as reasonably requested by Required Lenders 
 (iv) either (A) a Title Insurance Owner s Policy, including tie-in endorsements, in full force and effect for such Property in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, or (B) an escrow letter in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders covering all such Properties which escrow letter confirms the Title Insurance Company s commitment to issue a Title Insurance Owner s Policy in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders), and either (A) a Title Insurance Policy, including tie-in endorsements, in full force and effect for such Property in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, or (B) an escrow letter in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders covering all such Properties which escrow letter confirms the Title Insurance Company s commitment to issue a Title Insurance Policy in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders) 
 (v) an executed copy of the Lease or Leases 
 (vi) a copy of the purchase agreement and all other applicable purchase documentation related to the acquisition of such Property reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders 
 (vii) evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that all relevant renovations for such Property have been completed 
 (viii) (A) an assignment of each Lease from the existing owner to Borrower as landlord, (B) to the extent required by the terms of the Lease, evidence of transmittal of a notice, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Lease, from landlord to each Eligible Tenant of such assignment and 
 27 

(ix) evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that Borrower s insurance coverage is in full force and effect with respect to all of the Properties financed under the Loan after giving effect to the Property or Properties that are the subject of such Underwriting Package, including, without limitation completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to such Property (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by Borrower relating thereto). 
 Underwritten Capital Expenditures means, as of any date of determination, for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, the greater of the balance of the Capital Expenditures Funds and realized Capital Expenditures for the Properties. 
 Underwritten Net Cash Flow means, as of any date of determination, the excess for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, of (i) the lesser of (A) GPR less the product of (1) GPR and (2) Underwritten Vacancy and Credit Loss Percentage and (B) the sum of Actual Rent Collections, over (ii) the sum of (x) Operating Expenses, as adjusted to reflect exclusion of amounts representing non-recurring expenses, any such adjustments to be subject to approval by Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion, and (y) the Underwritten Capital Expenditures. The applicable period for determining Underwritten Net Cash Flow shall be the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of determination and further, for purposes of the foregoing calculations for each date of determination prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, Actual Rent Collections and Operating Expenses shall be annualized to determine the twelve (12) month Actual Rent Collections and Operating Expenses with respect to the Properties. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Underwritten Net Cash Flow shall not include (a) any Insurance Proceeds (other than business interruption and or rental loss insurance proceeds and only to the extent allocable to the applicable period), (b) any proceeds resulting from the Transfer of all or any portion of any Property, (c) any item of income otherwise included in Underwritten Net Cash Flow but paid directly by any Tenant to a Person other than Borrower as an offset or deduction against Rent payable by such Tenant, provided such item of income is for payment of an item of expense (such as payments for utilities paid directly to a utility company) and such expense is otherwise excluded from the definition of Operating Expenses pursuant to clause (f) of the definition thereof, (d) security deposits received from Tenants until forfeited or applied and (e) any lease buy-out or surrender payment from any Tenant (including any payment relating to unamortized leasing commissions). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Actual Rent Collections of any Property that is a Disqualified Property shall be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Underwritten Vacancy and Credit Loss Percentage means, for any period of determination, six and one-half percent (6.50 ). 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 USPAP Means Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice as in effect from time to time. 
 28 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in paragraph (b) of Section 2.7.3. 
 Voluntary Action means, in respect of any Property, a voluntary action or omission by any Relevant Party or an action or omission by any third party authorized by a Relevant Party that, in each case, such Relevant Party intends to result in (i) an imposition of a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on such Property, (ii) such Property becoming a Disqualified Property or (iii) a Transfer of such Property in violation of this Agreement. 
 Yield Maintenance Date means the date which is the thirty-six (36)-month anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 Yield Maintenance Premium means, with respect to any prepayment of the Loan (excluding any such payment forming part of the required Monthly Debt Service Payments), an amount calculated by Required Lenders to be equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the sum of the present values of all then-scheduled payments of principal and interest on such principal amount of the Loan being prepaid through the Yield Maintenance Date (including the balloon payment (assuming the Outstanding Principal Balance is due on the Yield Maintenance Date)), and calculating such interest with reference to the actual amount of such principal being prepaid, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.2.1(a)), with each such payment discounted to its present value at the date of prepayment at the rate which, when compounded monthly, is equivalent to the Prepayment Rate when compounded semi-annually, and deducting from the sum of such present values any interest paid for the period from the date of prepayment to the next succeeding Payment Date in the event such payment is not made on a Payment Date, over (B) the principal amount of the Loan being prepaid notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, from and after the Yield Maintenance Date any prepayment during the fourth (4 th year of the Loan term will be accompanied by a prepayment penalty equal to one-half of one percent (0.5 of the principal amount of the Loan being prepaid, and thereafter, no prepayment penalty shall be due in connection with the prepayment of any portion of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
 Section 1.2. Exhibits and Schedules . The Schedules and Exhibits annexed hereto, are hereby incorporated herein as a part of this Agreement with the same effect as if set forth in the body hereof. 
 Article 2 THE LOAN 
 Section 2.1. Agreement to Lend and Borrow . Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Lenders hereby agree to make the Loan to Borrower subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Borrower hereby agrees to accept the Loan on the Closing Date. All amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Obligations shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan is not a revolving loan facility, and any amount borrowed and repaid 
 29 

hereunder in respect of the Loan may not be reborrowed. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Loan has been fully funded on the Closing Date. 
 2.1.1. The Note . The Loan shall be evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes each dated as of the Closing Date, which in the aggregate equal the amount of the Loan executed by Borrower and payable to the order of each Lender (each, a Note ). On the Closing Date, Borrower shall execute and deliver to each Lender a Note, payable to such Lender and its successor and assigns, in an amount equal to such Lender s share of the Loan. Each Lender shall have the right to have its Note subdivided, by exchange for promissory notes of lesser denominations or otherwise. In the event that a Note is lost or misplaced, upon delivery of a lost note affidavit by such Lender (or its Custodian), Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver a replacement Note to such Lender. 
 2.1.2. Use of Proceeds . Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loan (a) to make deposits of the Reserve Funds, (b) to pay costs and expenses related to the closing of the Loan, including fees payable to Lenders and Collateral Agent, (c) to release any Lien encumbering the Collateral, (d) to pay any delinquent Property Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges, (e) to purchase the Properties, and (f) if any proceeds remain thereafter, for such lawful purpose as Borrower shall determine. 
 2.1.3. Updated Appraisals . Required Lenders shall have the right, from time to time, but in no event more frequently than once in any calendar year, at Borrower s expense, to obtain reviews (or reconciliations) of Appraised Values from any of the Approved Appraisal Providers with respect to up to 15 (by number) of the Stabilized Properties. Any Appraised Value discrepancies of greater than 10 with respect to any reviewed Property may be provided to Borrower for review. Borrower may, at its option, accept the updated Appraised Values for purposes of the definition of Appraised Value or order a separate Appraisal from another Approved Appraisal Provider not previously used for such Property by Borrower or Lenders. In the event Borrower elects to order a third Appraisal, the Appraised Value shall be the average of the two lower values. If during any sampling, the aggregate value of all Appraised Values of the sampled Properties is adjusted downward by more than ten percent (10 pursuant to this Section 2.1.3, Required Lenders may, at Borrower s expense, increase the review sample size to 100 of all Properties. In the event that Appraised Values decline such that the Outstanding Principal Balance would exceed the Aggregate Collateral Value, Borrower shall prepay the Loan in accordance with Section 2.4.2(a)(iv). 
 Section 2.2. Interest and Fees . 
 2.2.1. Interest . 
 (a) Interest Rate. The Loan shall accrue interest throughout the Term at the Interest Rate. On each Payment Date, Borrower shall pay to Lenders all interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.2.1(c) below during the most recently ended Interest Period on the actual Outstanding Principal Balance as of the first day of such Interest Period. 
 (b) Default Rate . For so long as any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance and all other portions of the Debt shall be calculated at the Default Rate. Interest at the Default Rate shall be paid immediately upon demand, which demand may be made as frequently as Required Lenders shall determine. 
 30 

(c) Interest Calculation . Interest on the Loan and other Obligations shall be calculated by multiplying (i) the actual number of days in the Interest Period or other period for which the calculation is being made by (ii) a daily rate based on a three hundred sixty (360) day year (i.e., the Interest Rate expressed as an annual rate divided by 360) by (iii) (A) in the case of scheduled interest on the Loan payable on any Payment Date, the Outstanding Principal Balance (B) in the case of interest payable in connection with a prepayment of any portion of the Loan principal, the amount of such principal being prepaid and (C) in the case of other Obligations, the amount of such other Obligations. 
 Section 2.3. Loan Payments . 
 2.3.1. Payments . Commencing on September 10, 2024, and on the 10th day of each month thereafter during the Term (each, a Payment Date ), Borrower shall make a payment of interest in an amount equal to the Monthly Debt Service Payment. All payments by Borrower shall be applied by Required Lenders or Servicer using funds held in the Cash Management Account on the applicable Payment Date in accordance with Section 7.4.1. In all instances hereunder, payments in respect of the Loan shall be paid to MLIC Lender and MTLIC Lender pro rata in accordance with the applicable Lender Percentage. 
 2.3.2. Payment on Maturity Date . Borrower shall pay to Lenders on the Maturity Date the Outstanding Principal Balance, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due under the Loan Documents. 
 2.3.3. Late Payment Charge . If any amount due under the Loan Documents is not paid on the date on which it is due (unless such late payment is due to Required Lenders or Servicer s failure to apply funds from the Cash Management Account or applicable Reserves as required hereunder), Borrower shall pay to Lenders upon demand an amount equal to the lesser of four percent (4.0 of such unpaid sum or the maximum amount permitted by Legal Requirements in order to defray the expense incurred by Lenders in handling and processing such delinquent payment and to compensate Lenders for the loss of the use of such delinquent payment. 
 2.3.4. Method and Place of Payment . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all payments shall be made to Lenders not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due and shall be made in U.S. Dollars in immediately available funds at such place as Required Lenders from time to time shall designate. Any funds received by Lenders after such time shall be deemed to have been paid on the following Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made under any Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be the immediately succeeding Business Day. All payments required to be made by Borrower under the Loan Documents shall be made irrespective of, and without deduction for, any setoff, claim or counterclaim and shall be made irrespective of any defense thereto. 
 2.3.5. Allocated Loan Amounts . Prepayments under Section 2.4.1 only shall reduce the Allocated Loan Amounts for each Property on a pro rata basis. Prepayments under Section 2.4.2 shall reduce the Allocated Loan Amount with respect to the applicable Property, until the Allocated Loan 
 31 

Amount and any interest, fees or other Obligations related thereto is zero any excess portion of such prepayment shall not serve to reduce the Allocated Loan Amount for any other Property. 
 Section 2.4. Prepayments . 
 2.4.1. Voluntary Prepayments . If Borrower delivers to Required Lenders a Prepayment Notice, Borrower may, on any Business Day, prepay the Debt in whole or in part, which prepayment shall be made together with the amounts required by Section 2.4.4. Except for mandatory prepayments, each such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount equal to Five Million and No 100ths Dollars 5,000,000.00) and in integral multiples of One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00) in excess thereof (unless the entire Debt is prepaid). Until the date which is five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date of prepayment, Borrower may revoke any Prepayment Notice by giving written notice to Lenders provided that Borrower shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket third party costs and expenses of Lenders incurred in reliance upon the expected prepayment, but excluding consequential damages (including, without limitation, lost profits resulting from such rescission). 
 2.4.2. Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth below, Borrower shall prepay the Debt in the amounts set forth below, which prepayments shall be made together with the amounts required by Section 2.4.4. 
 (i) Transfer . If at any time any Property is Transferred to a third party, then no later than the applicable Transfer Date, Borrower shall prepay the Debt in an amount equal to the applicable Release Amount. 
 (ii) Condemnation or Casualty . If Borrower is required to make any prepayment under Section 6.3 or Section 6.4 as a result of a Condemnation or Casualty, on the next occurring Payment Date following the date on which the applicable Insurance Proceeds or Award are paid to the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve, Required Lenders or Servicer shall apply the Net Proceeds thereof towards the prepayment of the Debt in the amount required by Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, as applicable, and Borrower shall prepay the Debt in such amount. 
 (iii) Disqualified Properties Substitutions . If at any time any Property shall become a Disqualified Property, Borrower shall, no later than the close of business on the fifth (5 th Business Day following the last day of the applicable cure period, give notice thereof to Lenders and prepay the Debt in the applicable Release Amount with respect to such Property. No Yield Maintenance Premium shall be owing on any such prepayment unless such Property became a Disqualified Property as a result of a Voluntary Action. After the prepayment of the Debt by the Release Amount with respect to a Disqualified Property as provided above, (1) if the breach or failure that resulted in such Property becoming a Disqualified Property relates solely to such Disqualified Property, such breach or failure shall be deemed cured and shall not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (2) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release of such Disqualified Property from the applicable Mortgage and related Lien 
 32 

provided, that (x) Borrower has delivered to Lenders and Collateral Agent a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Disqualified Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Disqualified Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Disqualified Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Disqualified Property is located and shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders, and (y) Borrower shall pay all costs, taxes and expenses associated with such release (including, without limitation, cost to file and record the release and Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective reasonable attorneys fees). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in lieu of such prepayment, Borrower may either (A) deposit an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Allocated Loan Amount for such Disqualified Property in the Eligibility Reserve in accordance with and subject to Section 6.5 or (B) substitute a Disqualified Property or a portfolio of Disqualified Properties (each, an Affected Property and collectively, the Affected Properties with a substitute Eligible Property or a portfolio of Eligible Properties (each, a Substitute Property and collectively, the Substitute Properties and upon such deposit or substitution, if the breach or failure that resulted in such Property becoming a Disqualified Property relates solely to such Disqualified Property, such breach or failure shall be deemed to be cured and shall not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, in the case of a proposed substitution, the following conditions are satisfied 
 (1) each substitute Eligible Property shall be a detached single family residential real property or a condominium or townhome (so long as, after giving effect to the inclusions of the Substituted Property, condominium units and townhomes constitute no more than twenty percent (20 of the Properties by Appraised Value and provided no condominium that is a Substitute Property shall consist of more than one single family unit), but excluding housing cooperatives and manufactured housing 
 (2) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing except as related to, and cured by the removal of, the Affected Property being substituted 
 (3) Lenders shall have obtained, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, an Appraisal for the applicable Affected Property or Affected Properties and the applicable Substitute Property or Substitute Properties and based on such Appraisal(s), the Substitute Property (or portfolio of Substitute Properties) shall have the same or greater Appraised Value as the Appraised Value of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted at the time of substitution 
 (4) Borrower shall deliver to Lenders an Officer s Certificate stating that each Substitute Property satisfies each of the Property Representations and is in compliance with each of the Property Covenants on the date of the substitution after giving effect to the substitution 
 (5) there is an Eligible Lease for each Substitute Property 
 (6) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Substitute Property (or Substitute Properties, if a portfolio of Affected Properties are being substituted) shall be equal to or greater than the greater of (A) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the time of substitution and (B) the in place Rents under the Lease(s) for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the Closing Date 
 (7) the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Substitute Property (or Substitute Properties, if a portfolio of Affected Properties are being substituted) shall be equal to or greater than the greater of (A) the in Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Affected Property (or portfolio 
 33 

of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the time of substitution and (B) the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted measured as of the Closing Date 
 (8) simultaneously with the substitution, Borrower shall convey all of Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted to a Person other than a Loan Party, and Borrower shall deliver to Lenders a copy of the deed conveying all of Borrower s right, title and interest in such Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted 
 (9) Borrower shall deliver on or prior to the date of substitution evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that each Substitute Property is insured pursuant to Policies 
 (10) each Substitute Property shall be located in an MSA that contains at least one property described on the Properties Schedule as of the Closing Date and does not change any concentration of any such area by more than ten percent (10 
 (11) no acquisition of a Substitute Property will result in Borrower or Equity Owner incurring any Indebtedness 
 (12) if any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien), litigation or governmental proceeding is existing or pending or, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party, threatened against any Affected Property being substituted with a Substitute Property or against such Substitute Property which may result in liability for Borrower, Borrower shall have deposited into the Cash Management Account reserves reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders as security for the satisfaction of such liability and 
 (13) Borrower shall pay to the Cash Management Account any applicable deposits of Reserve Funds with respect to such Substitute Property and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lenders in connection with the substitution (including, without limitation, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lenders and Collateral Agent in connection with the release of the Affected Property (or portfolio of Affected Properties) being substituted from any applicable Mortgage). Any such deposit in the Eligibility Reserve or any such substitution shall be completed no later than the due date for the prepayment required under this Section 2.4.2(a). 
 (14) Borrower shall execute and deliver to Lenders a Mortgage encumbering the Substitute Property (or an amendment to an existing Mortgage to add such Substitute Property to the Lien of such Mortgage), together with a commitment for a Title Insurance Policy insuring the Lien of such Mortgage (or amendment to an existing Mortgage) as a first priority Lien in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders. 
 (15) Lenders shall cause such Mortgage (or amendment to an existing Mortgage) encumbering such Substitute Property to be recorded in the applicable real property records, at Borrower s sole cost and expense (including any mortgage recordation fees, mortgage recording taxes or intangible taxes, and Borrower shall cause Title Insurance Company to issue the applicable Title Insurance Policy, and shall pay all premiums and charges of Title Insurance Company for the issuance to the Title Insurance Policy. 
 (16) Borrower shall deliver to Lenders the following opinions of counsel (A) an opinion of counsel admitted to practice under the laws of each state in which the 
 34 

Substitute Property is located in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders opining as to the enforceability of the Mortgage with respect to the applicable Substitute Property, and (B) an opinion stating that the Mortgage was duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders. 
 (17) Simultaneously with the substitution of a Affected Property, to the extent applicable, Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to release the Affected Property or Affected Properties from any applicable Mortgage, provided that Borrower has delivered to Lenders and Collateral Agent a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Affected Property or Affected Properties encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Affected Property or Affected Properties, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Affected Property or Affected Properties being substituted and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Affected Property or Affected Properties are located which contains standard provisions protecting the rights of Lenders and Collateral Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event may Borrower substitute Eligible Properties for more than fifteen percent (15 of the Properties set forth on the Closing Date Properties Schedule. 
 (b) Transfer . If at any time any Property is sold or otherwise disposed of, then Borrower shall, no later than the close of business on the day on which such Transfer occurs, give notice thereof to Lenders and prepay the Debt in the applicable Release Amount with respect to such Property in accordance with Section 2.5. 
 (c) Aggregate Collateral Value . In the event that the Outstanding Principal Balance at any time exceeds the Aggregate Collateral Value, Borrower shall prepay the Debt in an amount sufficient to reduce the Outstanding Principal Balance to no greater than the Aggregate Collateral Value. 
 (d) Annual Amortization Payments . On each December 15 in the calendar years 2025, 2026 and 2027, Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of the Loan in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 4,587,934.00 (less any sums received to date in such calendar year in respect of payments made pursuant to Sections 2.4.2(a)(i) and 2.4.2(b) above in excess of the Allocated Loan Amount(s) for any Properties released pursuant to such Sections), and (ii) an amount of Outstanding Principal Balance sufficient to reduce the Aggregate Collateral Value from seventy-two percent (72 of Aggregate Appraised Value by one percent (1.0 in calendar year 2025, an additional one percent (1.0 in calendar year 2026, and an additional one percent (1.0 in calendar year 2027, in each instance together with all accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount prepaid through, but not including, the date of prepayment. No prepayment premium, Yield Maintenance Premium or other similar fee, premium or penalty shall be due in connection with such prepayments under this Section 2.4.2(d) 
 (e) Payment from Cash Management Account . Lenders may collect any prepayment required under this Section 2.4.2 from the Cash Management Account on the day immediately following the date such prepayment is payable hereunder if Borrower fails to make such prepayment on such date. 
 2.4.3. Prepayments after Default . If, during the continuance of an Event of Default, payment of all or any part of the Debt (other than regularly scheduled payments of interest) is tendered by Borrower and accepted by Lenders or is otherwise recovered by Lenders after exercising the rights and remedies under this Agreement (including through application of any Reserve Funds), such tender or 
 35 

recovery shall be deemed to be a voluntary prepayment by Borrower and Borrower shall pay, as part of the Debt, all amounts required under Section 2.4.4. 
 2.4.4. Prepayment Requirements . 
 (a) On the date on which a prepayment, voluntary or mandatory, is made, Borrower shall pay to Lenders the following 
 (i) all accrued and unpaid interest calculated at the Interest Rate on the amount of principal being prepaid through and including the date of such prepayment 
 (ii) if the prepayment is made prior to the Yield Maintenance Date, the Yield Maintenance Premium applicable to such prepayment, other than (A) with respect to a prepayment under Section 2.4.2(a)(ii) (other than in connection with a Voluntary Action), and (B) a Transfer of a Disqualified Property (other than in connection with a Voluntary Action) to cure a Qualified Release Property Default and 
 (iii) all other sums, then due under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default, funds delivered to Lenders in connection with any prepayment shall be applied in the following order of priority (i) first, to any amounts (other than principal, interest and Yield Maintenance Premium) then due and payable under the Loan Documents (ii) second, interest on the principal amount being prepaid at the Interest Rate through the date of prepayment (iii) third, Yield Maintenance Premium on the principal amount being prepaid (if any) in connection with such prepayment and (iv) fourth, to principal. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, during the continuance of any Event of Default, any payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents from whatever source (including Rents collected by or on behalf of Lenders from Tenants) may be applied by Lenders among the Obligations in such order, priority and proportions as Required Lenders shall determine. 
 Section 2.5. Transfers of Properties . Borrower may Transfer any Property (each, a Release Property and Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release of Collateral Agent s interest in the Release Property from the applicable Mortgage and a release of its Lien on any Collateral located at such Property and provide Borrower, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, with any documents prepared by Borrower and delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders necessary to evidence the release of Collateral Agent s Liens on such Release Property, if the following conditions are satisfied (the Release Conditions 
 (a) The Transfer occurs more than twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (other than in connection with a Disqualified Property released at any time in order to cure a Qualified Release Property Default) 
 36 

(b) No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of the relevant Transfer, other than if such Release Property is a Disqualified Property and each Qualified Release Property Default applicable to such Disqualified Property would be cured as a result of the release of the Disqualified Property 
 (c) Borrower shall submit to Lenders, not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) days prior to the Transfer Date, a Request for Release, together with all attachments thereto and evidence reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders that the Release Conditions will be satisfied upon the consummation of such Transfer provided, however, that as to any release of a Disqualified Property to cure a Qualified Release Property Default, such notice shall be given within ten (10) Business Days after the occurrence of the first Qualified Release Property Default with respect to such Property, and the Transfer Date shall be not later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter 
 (d) the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date, after giving pro forma effect for the elimination of the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the applicable Release Property (if applicable) and reduction of Debt Service as calculated by Lender pursuant to this Section 2.5(d), is at least equal to the greater of (i) the Required DSCR and (ii) the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 (e) the Release Property shall be Transferred to a Person who is not a Relevant Party or an Affiliate of a Relevant Party, pursuant to a bona fide all-cash sale on arms-length terms and conditions except that if the Transfer and release is to cure a Qualified Release Property Default, then the Release Property may be Transferred to a Person who is an Affiliate of Borrower or Equity Owner but is not a direct or indirect subsidiary of either of them, for consideration then paid in cash equal to not less than the appraised value of the Property, as determined by an Appraisal commissioned by Required Lenders 
 (f) on the Transfer Date, Borrower shall pay to Lenders the applicable Release Amount together with the amounts required by Section 2.4.4, which aggregate amount shall be transferred directly to Lenders by the closing title company or escrow agent for the Transfer 
 (g) Borrower shall submit to Collateral Agent and Lenders not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Transfer Date, a draft release for the applicable Mortgage (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Release Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Release Property, such release shall be a partial release that relates only to the Release Property and does not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which the Release Property is located and which shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders and in addition, Borrower shall provide all other documentation of a ministerial or administrative nature that Collateral Agent or Required Lenders reasonably require to be delivered by Borrower in connection with such release or assignment, and Collateral Agent, at the written direction of Required Lenders, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, 
 37 

shall deliver to Borrower all documents which Borrower prepares and delivers to Collateral Agent and Lenders and which documents are necessary for the release of all Liens on the Release Properties 
 (h) Borrower shall pay all Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) of Lenders, Collateral Agent and or Servicer in connection with the release and, in addition, the current reasonable and customary fee being assessed by Servicer to effect the release and 
 (i) No later than the close of business on the Transfer Date, Borrower shall provide written notice of the Transfer of the Release Property to Lenders. 
 If a Disqualified Property is released in accordance with the conditions set forth in this Section 2.5, then the release of such Property shall be deemed to cure each potential Event of Default that relates solely to such Disqualified Property (a Qualified Release Property Default ). 
 Section 2.6. Increased Costs . If as a result of any Regulatory Change or compliance of a Lender therewith, the basis of taxation of payments to a Lender or any company in Control of a Lender of the principal of or interest on the Loan is changed or a Lender or the company in Control of a Lender shall be subject to (i) any Tax (other than Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (ii) any reserve, special deposit, capital, liquidity or similar requirements relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other liabilities, of such Lender or any company in Control of such Lender is imposed, modified or deemed applicable or (iii) any amount receivable by such Lender or any company in Control of such Lender hereunder in respect of any portion of the Loan to Borrower is reduced, in each case by an amount reasonably deemed by such Lender in good faith to be material (such increases in cost and reductions in amounts receivable being herein called Increased Costs ), then such Lender shall provide notice thereof to Borrower and Borrower agrees that it will pay to such Lender within ten (10) Business Days following such Lender s written request such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or any company in Control of such Lender for such Increased Costs to the extent such Lender reasonably determines that such Increased Costs are allocable to the Loan provided , that such Lender seeks equivalent payments on a generally uniform basis from all similarly situated borrowers and extensions of credit. If a Lender requests compensation under this Section 2.6, such Lender shall, if requested by notice by Borrower to such Lender, furnish to Borrower a statement setting forth the basis for requesting such compensation and the method for determining the amount thereof provided , that in any event such Lender s method for determining any amount payable to such Lender pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be substantially similar to the method used by such Lender in implementing similar provisions for similarly situated borrowers and extensions of credit. 
 Section 2.7. Taxes . 
 2.7.1. Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Legal Requirements. If any Legal Requirement (as determined in the 
 38 

good faith discretion of Borrower) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by Borrower, then Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Legal Requirements and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.7) each Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 2.7.2. Indemnification by Borrower . Borrower shall indemnify each Lender, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.7) payable or paid by such Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. If Borrower has reimbursed such Lender for the amount withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and such Lender later receives reimbursement from the relevant Governmental Authority of such indemnified amount, then such Lender shall credit the amount reimbursed to the Debt, if any part of the Debt is outstanding at such time. 
 2.7.3. Payment of Indemnified Taxes . 
 (a) Borrower shall pay (i) to the applicable Governmental Authority as and when due all Indemnified Taxes, in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, and (ii) to each applicable Lender, within ten (10) Business Days after written request by such Lender, all other Indemnified Taxes. Promptly following written request by a Lender, Borrower shall deliver to such Lender evidence, reasonably satisfactory to such Lender, of payment of Indemnified Taxes. 
 (b) A Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Taxes with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, a Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements or reasonably requested by Borrower as will enable Borrower to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.7.3(b)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in such Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 39 

(c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Taxes pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Taxes pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate in such form as requested by Borrower to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner or is a partnership, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and or other certification documents in such form as requested by Borrower, from or on behalf of each beneficial owner, or IRS Form W-9 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Taxes, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements to permit Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 40 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower at the time or times prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower such documentation prescribed by applicable Legal Requirements (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as may be necessary for Borrower to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (d) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.7.3 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.7.3), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (d) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (d), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (d) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Taxes subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Taxes had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 2.7.3, the term applicable Legal Requirements includes FATCA. 
 2.7.4. Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.7 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 Article 3 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 41 

Section 3.1. Conditions to Making the Loan on the Closing Date . The obligation of Lenders to make the Loan hereunder is subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth below, in each case subject to each Lender s satisfaction 
 (a) Execution of Loan Documents . Lenders shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by Borrower, (ii) counterparts of each Collateral Document, executed by a duly authorized officer of the applicable Loan Parties and each other Person party thereto, as applicable, (iii) counterparts of any other Loan Documents, executed by a duly authorized officer of the applicable Relevant Parties and each other Person party thereto and (iv) counterparts of the Diligence Agent Agreement, executed by a duly authorized officer of the Diligence Agent. 
 (b) Officer s Certificate . Lenders shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer dated the Closing Date, certifying as to the organizational documents of each Relevant Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), the resolutions of the governing body of each Relevant Party authorizing, as applicable, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, the good standing, existence or its equivalent of each Relevant Party and of the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Relevant Party. 
 (c) Legal Opinions of Counsel . Lenders shall have received an opinion or opinions of counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date and addressed to Lenders, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. 
 (d) Financial Statements . Lenders shall have received copies of the financial statements and reporting requested by Required Lenders and referred to in Section 5.31, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders. 
 (e) Personal Property Collateral . Lenders shall have received, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders 
 (i) (A) searches of UCC filings in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Relevant Party and each jurisdiction where any Collateral is located or where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of Lenders, (B) copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens and (C) tax lien, pending litigation, judgment and bankruptcy searches 
 (ii) completed UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in Required Lenders sole discretion, to perfect Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral for the benefit of Lenders and 
 42 

(iii) evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that Collateral Agent is in receipt of stock or membership certificates evidencing the equity interests in Borrower and undated stock or transfer powers duly executed by Equity Owner in blank. 
 (f) Real Property Collateral . Lenders shall have received, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders 
 (i) an Underwriting Package for Properties with Aggregate Appraised Value of no less than TBD 
 (ii) a Mortgage, duly executed and acknowledged by Borrower in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, together with a commitment for a Title Insurance Policy insuring the n Lien of such Mortgage and 
 (iii) all other documents, certificates, resolutions, instruments and agreements provided for herein or which Required Lenders may reasonably request or require in respect of such Properties. 
 (g) Insurance . Lenders shall have received copies of insurance policies, declaration pages and certificates evidencing liability, casualty, property and business interruption insurance meeting the requirements set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents or as required by Required Lenders. 
 (h) Diligence Agent Certification . Lenders shall have received a Diligence Agent Certification and all other information required pursuant to Article 2. 
 (i) Reserves . Borrower shall have deposited into the applicable Reserves all amounts required to be deposited therein pursuant to Section 7.3. 
 (j) Consents . Lenders shall have received evidence that all members, boards of directors, governmental, shareholder and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the entering into of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been obtained. 
 (k) Fees and Expenses . Lenders shall have received the Origination Fee, together with all fees and expenses, if any, owing pursuant to Section 5.20. 
 (l) Due Diligence . Each Lender shall have completed its due diligence investigation of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in scope, and with results, satisfactory to such Lender. 
 (m) Other Documents . All other documents provided for herein or which Required Lenders may reasonably request or require. 
 (n) Additional Information . Such additional information and materials which Required Lenders may reasonably request or require. 
 43 

Article 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 4.1. General Representations . Borrower, and by their joinder hereto, Equity Owner and Parent, each represents and warrants to each Lender (for itself only) as of the Closing Date that, except to the extent (if any) disclosed on Schedule IV with reference to a specific subsection of this Section 4.1 
 4.1.1. Organization . Each Relevant Party, since its date of formation (a) is and has been duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (other than Parent which is, and always has been, duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Maryland), (b) is and has duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so, and (c) had and has all requisite power and authority and all rights, licenses, permits and authorizations, governmental or otherwise, necessary to entitle it to own its properties and to transact the businesses in which it is engaged. The sole business of Borrower has been and is the acquisition, renovation, rehabilitation, ownership, holding, sale, lease, transfer, exchange, management and operation of the Properties and, solely for periods prior to the Closing Date, any Previously-Owned Properties and the sole business of Equity Owner has been and is to act as the Sole Member of Borrower, including, providing the Equity Owner Guaranty and the Equity Owner Security Agreement. 
 4.1.2. Proceedings Enforceability . The Loan Documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by or on behalf of each Relevant Party that is a party thereto and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Relevant Party, enforceable against each such Relevant Party in accordance with their respective terms, subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). The Loan Documents are not subject to any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense by any Relevant Party including the defense of usury, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Loan Documents, or the exercise of any right thereunder, render the Loan Documents unenforceable (subject only to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law)), and Borrower has not asserted any right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or defense with respect thereto. 
 4.1.3. No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of the respective Loan Documents by each Relevant Party a party thereto (a) will not contravene such Relevant Party s governing documents, (b) will not result in any violation of the provisions of any Legal Requirement, (c) will not conflict with or result in a breach or default under any agreement or instrument to which any Relevant Party is a party or to which any Relevant Party s property or assets is subject, and (d) will not result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any assets of any Relevant Party, except for Liens created under the Loan Documents. 
 44 

4.1.4. Litigation . There are no orders, injunctions, decrees, judgments, actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority or other entity now pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened, against or affecting any Relevant Party or any Property, except as disclosed on Schedule IV. Borrower is not involved in any dispute with any taxing authority. All information with respect to the foregoing that has been provided to Lenders by any Relevant Party or Affiliate thereof is true and complete in all material respects as of the date such information was provided. No such matter disclosed on Schedule IV (a) involves any of the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby or (b) if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or, with respect to the Properties as of the Closing Date, an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to any Property. 
 4.1.5. Consents . Any consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority or other Person that is required for the execution, delivery and performance by each Relevant Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party has been obtained and is in full force and effect. 
 4.1.6. Agreements . No Relevant Party is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any restriction (other than Permitted Liens) which has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, no Relevant Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of its material obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document, and, to the knowledge of Borrower, no other Person is in default, in any material respect, of any of its obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document. As of any date that this representation is updated by Borrower, no Relevant Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of its obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document that has or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect, and, to the knowledge or Borrower, no other Person is in default, in any material respect, of any of its obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Property Document. No Loan Party has any material financial obligations other than under the Loan Documents and the Management Agreement. No Property nor any part thereof is subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal to purchase, rights of first offer to purchase or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or any other Person. 
 4.1.7. Solvency . Each Relevant Party (a) has received reasonably equivalent value in exchange for its obligations under the respective Loan Documents to which it is a party and (b) has not entered into the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or executed any Loan Document with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any creditor. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, each Relevant Party is Solvent. In the last seven years, there has not occurred any Event of Bankruptcy in respect of any Relevant Party. No Relevant Party is contemplating an Event of Bankruptcy and to Borrower s knowledge no other Person is contemplating an Event of Bankruptcy in respect of any Relevant Party. 
 45 

4.1.8. Employee Benefit Matters . Neither any Relevant Party nor any ERISA Affiliate of any Relevant Party has incurred or could be subjected to any liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or 430 of the Code or maintains or contributes to, or is or has been required to maintain or contribute to, any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 or Part III of Subchapter D, Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not constitute or result in any non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or substantially similar provisions under federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations. With respect to each multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 414(f) of the Code or Section 3(37) of ERISA) to which any Relevant Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates is or has been required to make a contribution, each Relevant Party and all of its ERISA Affiliates have satisfied all required contributions and installments on or before the applicable due dates and have not incurred a complete or partial withdrawal under Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA. 
 4.1.9. Compliance with Legal Requirements . To Borrower s knowledge, each Relevant Party and each Property (including the leasing, management and collections practices and the use of each Property) is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements including building and zoning ordinances and codes and all certifications, permits, licenses, consents and approvals required for the legal leasing, use, occupancy and operation of each Property and to the extent Required Lenders have reason to believe that there has been any non-compliance with Legal Requirements, upon Required Lenders request, Borrower shall provide Lenders with reasonable proof of compliance with such Legal Requirements. No Relevant Party is in default or violation of any order, writ, injunction, decree or demand of any Governmental. With respect to each Property, there are no orders, injunctions, decrees or judgments outstanding with respect to such Property that would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property. There is no required certification, permit, license, consent, approval, order or authorization of, and no filing with or notice to, any court or Governmental Authority related to the leasing, use, occupancy and operation of any Property that has not been obtained. There has not been committed by Borrower or by any other Person in occupancy of or involved with the operation, use or leasing of any Property any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against such Property or any part thereof. None of the Properties has been purchased with proceeds of any illegal activity. The Relevant Parties have implemented appropriate processes and procedures to comply with the federal Fair Housing Act of 1986 and other applicable non-discrimination Legal Requirements and, without limitation of the foregoing, the leasing, management and collection practices (including the determination of Rents and eviction procedures) used by each Relevant Party, and property managers and sub contract managers, in respect of any Section 8 Housing Tenants with respect to any Properties are and have been no less favorable to such Section 8 Housing Tenants than the leasing, management and collection practices (including the determination of Rents and eviction procedures) applicable to similarly situated Tenants that are not Section 8 Housing Tenants. 
 46 

4.1.10. Indebtedness . Borrower has no Indebtedness outstanding other than Permitted Indebtedness. Equity Owner has no Indebtedness outstanding other than Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness. 
 4.1.11. Property Title . Borrower has good and marketable fee simple legal and equitable title to the real property comprising each Property, free and clear of any Liens other than Permitted Liens. Each Property is comprised of one (1) or more parcels which constitute separate tax lots and do not constitute a portion of any other tax lot not a part of such Property. The grant of the security interest in the Collateral by Borrower to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders is in the ordinary course of Borrower s business and is not subject to the bulk transfer or similar laws. Schedule V accurately and completely discloses, (a) the chief executive office and the location of Borrower s records regarding the Collateral, (b) Borrower s legal name, and each other name by which Borrower has been known since its formation, including prior legal names, and any tradenames, fictitious names, or doing business as names, and (c) Borrower s federal employer identification number and Delaware organizational identification number. 
 4.1.12. Property Condition Renovation Standards . Each Property is in a good, safe and habitable condition and repair, and free of and clear of any damage or waste that may have an Individual Material Adverse Effect on such Property. Since being acquired by Borrower, no Property has been condemned in whole or in part. With respect to each Property, no part of such Property represents condemned property. No proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Manager or Borrower, threatened in writing, for the condemnation of a Property. With respect to each Stabilized Property, (i) at the commencement of the related Lease, such Property satisfied the Renovation Standards and all renovations thereto have been conducted in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, in all material respects and (ii) construction of the Improvements is complete. 
 4.1.13. Leasing . Except as set forth on Schedule IV (a) the Properties are leased by Borrower to Eligible Tenants pursuant to Eligible Leases, and each such Lease is in full force and effect and is not in default as to payment nor, to any Relevant Party s knowledge, in any other material respect (b) no Leases (written or oral) exist for any Property except for Eligible Leases previously delivered to Lenders (c) all Leases substantially conform to the form Lease attached as Exhibit J and are freely assignable without the consent of the Tenant (d) no Person (other than Borrower) has any possessory interest in any Property or right to occupy the same except for the Tenants under and pursuant to such Eligible Leases (e) Borrower has delivered to Lenders true and complete copies of all Leases, and there are no material oral agreements with respect thereto and (f) no Advance Rent for any Property has been paid and no right to free rent, partial rent, rebate of rent or other payments, credits, allowances or abatements have been given or are required to be given to any Tenant. To Borrower s knowledge, (x) except as set forth on Schedule IV, each Property is being used exclusively as a residential rental property and (y) no illegal activity has taken place on any Property since the date that Borrower acquired such Property. 
 47 

4.1.14. Utilities and Public Access . Each Property has rights of access to public ways and is served by (a) electricity (b) water, (c) sewer or septic system, and (d) storm drain facilities adequate to service such Property for its intended uses and all public utilities necessary or convenient to the full use and enjoyment of such Property are located either in the public right-of-way abutting such Property (which are connected so as to serve such Property without passing over other property) or in recorded easements serving such Property and such easements are set forth in and insured by the applicable Title Insurance Owner s Policy and Title Insurance Policy, and all roads necessary for the use of such Property for its intended purposes have been completed and dedicated to public use and accepted by the applicable Governmental Authorities. 
 4.1.15. Management Agreements . No Person has any right or obligation to manage, lease or collect rent from any of the Properties except Existing Manager pursuant to the Existing Management Agreement. Borrower is not party to, and none of the Properties is subject to, a Management Agreement other than the Existing Management Agreement. Borrower has delivered a true and complete copies of the Existing Management Agreement to Lenders. All fees and other compensation due and payable for services performed under the Existing Management Agreement prior to the Closing Date have been paid in full. 
 4.1.16. Insurance . Borrower has obtained and delivered to Lenders certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies required under Section 6.1(a). All such Policies are in full force and effect, with all premiums prepaid thereunder. No claims have been made that are currently pending under any such Policies. Neither Borrower nor, to Borrower s knowledge, any other Person, has done, by act or omission, anything which would impair the coverage of any of the Policies. 
 4.1.17. Eminent Domain . There is no proceeding pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened, for the total or partial Condemnation of any Property or for the taking or relocation of roadways serving any Property. 
 4.1.18. Flood Zone . No Property is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard area, or, if so located the flood insurance required pursuant to Section 6.1(a) is in full force and effect with respect to such Property. 
 4.1.19. Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges . Borrower has filed on a timely basis all Tax returns (including all foreign, federal, state, local and other Tax returns) required to be filed by it and is not delinquent in payment of any Taxes payable by Borrower. Borrower is not liable for Taxes payable by any other Person. All transfer Taxes, deed stamps, intangible Taxes and other amounts required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the transfer of each Property to Borrower have been paid. All Taxes and governmental assessments due and owing in respect of each Property have been paid, or an escrow of funds in an amount sufficient to cover such payments has been established hereunder, and none of the same is delinquent. There are no delinquent HOA Fees or Other Charges outstanding with respect to any Property and there are no pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, proposed, special or other assessments for HOA improvements affecting any Property. 
 48 

4.1.20. Organizational Chart . The organizational chart attached as Schedule V accurately and completely sets forth the structural relationships, identities (including entity type and jurisdiction of organization), and interests of all Persons owning (a) a direct legal or beneficial interest in each Relevant Party and (b) a direct or in indirect legal or beneficial interest in each Relevant Party in excess of ten (10 of such party s ownership interests. Other than those Persons shown on Schedule V no Person has any direct ownership interest in, or an indirect ownership interest in excess of ten percent (10 in, or right of Control of, any Relevant Party. Borrower has no subsidiaries. 
 4.1.21. Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of the Loan will be used for the purpose of purchasing or acquiring any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Margin Stock or for any other purpose which would be inconsistent with such Regulation U or any other Regulations of such Board of Governors, or for any purposes prohibited by Legal Requirements in any material respects or by the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. None of the Collateral is comprised of Margin Stock. 
 4.1.22. Federal Regulations , FIRPTA , Investment Company Act . No Loan Party is a (a) bank holding company or a direct or indirect subsidiary of a bank holding company as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and Regulation Y thereunder of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or (b) foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445(f)(3) of the Code. No Loan Party or any Person controlling such Loan Party (including Parent), is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 4.1.23. Patriot Act . Neither any Relevant Party nor any Affiliate of a Relevant Party nor, to the knowledge of any Relevant Party or Affiliate of a Relevant Party, any owner of more than a ten percent (10 direct or indirect interest in any Relevant Party (a) is listed on any Government Lists, (b) is a Person who has been determined by competent authority to be subject to the prohibitions contained in Presidential Executive Order No. 13224 (Sept. 23, 2001) or any other similar prohibitions contained in any Prescribed Laws, including, without limitation, the rules and regulations of OFAC or in any enabling legislation or other Presidential Executive Orders in respect thereof, (c) has been previously indicted for or convicted of any felony involving a crime or crimes of moral turpitude or for any Patriot Act Offense (as hereinafter defined), or (d) is currently under investigation by any Governmental Authority for alleged criminal activity. Patriot Act Offense means any violation of the criminal laws of the United States of America or of any of the several states, or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United States of America or any of the several states, relating to terrorism or the laundering of monetary instruments, including any offense under (i) the Prescribed Laws or any criminal laws against terrorism (ii) the criminal laws against money laundering, (iii) the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (iv) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, or (v) the Patriot Act. Patriot Act Offense also includes the crimes of conspiracy to commit, or aiding and abetting another to commit, a Patriot Act Offense. Borrower shall provide evidence as reasonably requested by Required Lenders from time to time, to confirm compliance with the Prescribed Laws. 
 4.1.24. Accuracy of Information . No documents or information heretofore delivered by, or on behalf of any Relevant Party to Lenders in respect of the Properties or the Relevant Parties, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make statements 
 49 

contained therein not misleading (except that the foregoing representation, as it relates to any title policy, Appraisal, property condition report, environmental report or similar third party report delivered to Lenders in connection with the closing of the Loan, shall be limited to Borrower s knowledge). All financial data that have been delivered to Lenders in connection with the Loan (a) are true, complete and correct in all material respects, (b) accurately represent in all material respects the financial condition of the Properties as of the date of such reports, and (c) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP throughout the periods covered, except as disclosed therein. Borrower has provided Lenders with complete financial statements that reflect a fair and accurate view of Borrower s financial condition. Borrower has no material liabilities relating to any Previously-Owned Properties and has disclosed to Lenders in writing each event, condition and contingent liability, if any, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or Individual Material Adverse Effect. All information with respect to such Property included in the Data Tape is true, complete and accurate in all material respects. The Underwriting Package for each Property has been delivered to Lenders and there is no Deficiency with respect to such Underwriting Package. 
 4.1.25. Home Characteristics . Each Property consists of a single family detached home or townhome which, unless otherwise agreed to by Required Lenders in writing, conforms to the Target Property Criteria. Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, no more than fifteen percent (15.0 of the Properties at any time may be two- to four-family detached homes. 
 4.1.26. Title Insurance . Borrower has delivered to Lenders either (a) a Title Insurance Owner s Policy insuring fee simple ownership of such Property by Borrower in an amount equal to or greater than the initial Allocated Loan Amount of the Property, issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens or (b) a marked or initialed binding commitment that is effective as a Title Insurance Owner s Policy in respect of such Property in an amount equal to or greater than the initial Allocated Loan Amount of the Property, issued by a title insurance company reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders with no title exceptions other than Permitted Liens, which commitment shall be accompanied by such other affidavits, transfer declarations and other documents as are necessary for the recordation of the deed for such Property and issuance of such Title Insurance Owner s Policy. 
 4.1.27. Deed . Borrower has delivered to Lenders a copy of a deed for such Property conveying the Property to Borrower, with vesting in the actual name of Borrower, and Borrower hereby certifies that such Property s deed has been recorded or presented to and accepted for recording by the applicable title insurance company issuing the related Title Insurance Owner s Policy or binding commitment referred to in Section 4.1.26, with all fees, premiums and deed stamps and other transfer taxes paid. 
 4.1.28. Brokers . There is no commission or other compensation payable to any broker or finder in connection with the purchase of any Property by Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower that has not been paid. 
 50 

4.1.29. Property Pool Characteristics . The Properties consist of individual properties. Schedule VII (as the same may be updated by Borrower from time to time by delivery to Lenders) is a true, complete and accurate list of all HOA Properties, if any, and the HOAs affecting such HOA Properties, including the notice address of the HOAs pertaining to such HOA Properties, if any. Other than as set forth on Schedule VII, none of the single family homes are subject to an HOA or a housing development area built by a specific developer and subject to specified criteria (such as HOA Fees), as established by the developer with permission from the applicable Governmental Authority that determined the private and common areas and building guidelines for residential housing within such area in lieu of what would otherwise be allowed by local zoning laws. No more than ten percent (10 of the Properties are, or shall be, HOA Properties. 
 4.1.30. Mortgages . The Mortgages, when properly recorded in the appropriate records, together with any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements to be filed in connection therewith, will create (a) valid, perfected first priority Liens on the Properties and the Rents therefrom, enforceable as such against creditors of Borrower, subject only to Permitted Liens, and (b) perfected security interests in and to, and perfected collateral assignments of, all personalty referred to therein (including the Leases to the extent the same are personal property under applicable Legal Requirements), subject only to Permitted Liens. With respect to each Property, the Permitted Liens with respect to such Property, in the aggregate, do not have a material adverse effect on the value, use or operation of such Property or the enforceability, validity or perfection of the lien of the applicable Mortgage. All mortgage, mortgage recording, stamp, intangible or other similar tax required to be paid under applicable Legal Requirements in connection with the execution, delivery, recordation, filing, registration, perfection or enforcement of any Mortgages with respect to such Property have been paid (to the extent applicable). 
 Section 4.2. Survival of Representations . The representations and warranties set forth in this Article 4 and elsewhere in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall (a) be made as of the Closing Date (or the date of any updated certificate delivered by Borrower) but any claim for breach of representation or warranty shall survive until the Debt has been paid in full and (b) be deemed to have been relied upon by Lenders notwithstanding any investigation heretofore or hereafter made by s Lender or on such Lender s behalf. 
 Article 5 COVENANTS 
 Section 5.1. Compliance with Laws, Etc . Borrower shall, and shall cause each Relevant Party to, at all times conduct their businesses, including the ownership, leasing and operation of the Properties, in compliance with all Legal Requirements, and shall keep in full force and effect all licenses, permits, consents and approvals (including certificates of occupancy) necessary for the same, except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect and to the extent Required Lenders have to reason to believe that there has been any non-compliance with Legal Requirements, upon Required Lenders request, Borrower shall provide Lenders with reasonable proof of compliance with such Legal Requirements. Borrower shall, and shall 
 51 

cause each Relevant Party to, not commit or suffer to be committed any act or omission affording any Governmental Authority the right of forfeiture as against any Property or any part thereof. 
 Section 5.2. Preservation of Entity Existence . Borrower shall and shall cause Equity Owner to (a) be a single member Delaware limited liability company, (b) comply with all procedures required by its organizational documents, (c) maintain its entity existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the State of Delaware and (d) qualify and remain in good standing in each other jurisdiction where the same is required under applicable Legal Requirements, except where failure to so qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.3. Dissolution, Merger, Consolidation, Division, Etc . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to (i) engage in any dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, division or merger with or into any other Person, (ii) engage in any business activity other than the business activity of such Loan Party described on Schedule V or otherwise herein, (iii) transfer, lease or sell, in one transaction or any combination of transactions, the assets or all or substantially all of the properties or assets of Borrower or Equity Owner except to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents, or (iv) modify, amend, waive or terminate its organizational documents or its qualification and good standing in any jurisdiction, in each case, without obtaining the prior written consent of Required Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Upon Required Lenders request, Borrower shall and shall cause each other Loan Party to, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, execute and deliver additional security agreements and other instruments which are necessary to effectively evidence or perfect Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral as a result of such change of principal place of business or place of organization. Each Relevant Party shall keep its books and records, including recorded data of any kind or nature, including software, writings, plans, specifications and schematics, at its chief executive office or other addresses identified in writing by Borrower to Lenders (in each case other than obsolete or duplicate files sent for offsite storage or books and records held by Manager in accordance with the Management Agreement). At the request of Required Lenders (but not more than once in any twelve month period), Borrower shall execute a certificate in form reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders listing the trade names under which Borrower intends to operate the Property, and representing and warranting that Borrower does business under no other trade name with respect to the Property. 
 Section 5.4. Indebtedness . Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (a) the Debt and (b) unsecured trade payables that (i) are incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership and operation of the Properties, including, without limitation, taxes not yet due or payable, (ii) are not evidenced by a note, (iii) do not exceed, at any time, two percent (2.0 of the original principal amount of the Loan and (iv) are paid within thirty (30) days of the date incurred (collectively, Permitted Indebtedness ). Borrower shall cause Equity Owner not to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (A) Indebtedness incurred under the Equity Owner Guaranty and (B) unsecured trade payables that (1) are incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to the ownership of its membership interest in Borrower, (2) are not evidenced by a note, (3) do not 
 52 

exceed, at any time, 10,000.00 and (4) are paid within thirty (30) days after the date incurred (collectively, Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness ). 
 Section 5.5. Title Liens against Collateral . Borrower shall take all necessary action to vest and retain legal and equitable title to the Properties and related Collateral irrevocably in Borrower, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. Borrower shall warrant and defend (a) the title to each Property and every part thereof, subject only to Permitted Liens and (b) the validity and priority of the Liens of the Mortgages, if any, on the Properties, subject only to Permitted Liens, in each case against the claims of all Persons whomsoever. Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any interest in any Collateral except for Permitted Liens provided, that Borrower shall have the right to contest any Liens that are not voluntary liens (such as mechanics liens) pursuant to the provisions of Section 5.8. 
 Section 5.6. Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, timely (which may occur pursuant to lawful extensions) file all returns and reports that it is required by Legal Requirements to file with respect to any Taxes. Subject to Section 5.8, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, pay or cause to be paid (a) in a timely manner prior to delinquency all Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges now or hereafter levied, assessed or imposed on it or on any of the Properties and shall deliver to Lenders receipts for the payment of Taxes, HOA Fees and material Other Charges and (b) shall promptly pay for all utility services provided to each Property as they become due and payable (other than any such utilities, which are, pursuant to the terms of any Lease, required to be paid by the Tenant thereunder directly to the applicable service provider). Borrower covenants and agrees that in no event shall more than ten percent (10 of the Properties be HOA Properties. 
 Section 5.7. No Joint Assessment . Borrower shall not suffer, permit or initiate the joint assessment of any Property with (a) any other real property constituting a tax lot separate from the applicable Property, or (b) any portion of the applicable Property which may be deemed to constitute personal property, or any other procedure whereby the Lien of any Taxes which may be levied against any such personal property shall be assessed or levied or charged to the applicable Property. 
 Section 5.8. Right to Contest Legal Requirements, Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges . Notwithstanding Section 5.1 and Section 5.6, after prior written notice to Lenders, a Loan Party may contest by appropriate legal proceedings conducted in good faith and with due diligence, the applicability of any Legal Requirement, or the amount or validity of any Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges and, in such event, may permit the Legal Requirement, Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges being so contested to remain unsatisfied or unpaid during such contest so long as (a) if an Event of Default shall exist, the Loan Parties shall be current in the payment of all Obligations and all other obligations, (b) such proceeding shall be permitted under and conducted in accordance with all applicable Legal Requirements, (c) neither any Property or other Collateral nor any part thereof or interest therein will be in danger of being sold, forfeited, terminated, canceled or lost, as determined by Required Lenders in good faith, (d) enforcement of the contested Legal Requirement, Taxes, HOA Fees or Other Charges is effectively stayed for the entire duration of such contest, (e) any Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts 
 53 

in connection with such Legal Requirements determined to be due, together with any interest or penalties thereon, shall be promptly paid as required after final resolution of such contest, (f) the applicable Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, (g) if required by Required Lenders, Borrower shall deposit into the Cash Management Account for application to the applicable reserves cash security in an amount reasonably determined by Required Lenders to be sufficient to insure the payment of such Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts, together with all interest and penalties thereon, (h) failure to comply with such Legal Requirements or to pay such Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts will not, as determined by Required Lenders, present an unreasonable risk of any civil or criminal liability to a Lender or any Material Adverse Effect or Individual Material Adverse Effect, (i) such contest shall not affect the ownership, use or occupancy of any Property or other Collateral, and (j) Borrower shall, upon request by Required Lenders, give Lenders prompt notice of the status of such proceedings and or confirmation of the continuing satisfaction of the conditions set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with all Legal Requirements and pay any contested Taxes, HOA Fees, Other Charges and other amounts (or, if cash or other security has been provided, Required Lenders may cause any such cash or other security to be paid to the claimant) if, in Required Lenders reasonable judgment, any of the foregoing conditions is not satisfied at any time or there shall be any danger of the Lien of any Collateral Document being primed. 
 Section 5.9. Business and Operations . Borrower at all times shall, directly or through Manager, continuously engage in the businesses of ownership, leasing, maintenance, management and operation of the Properties. Borrower at all times shall own or lease all equipment, fixtures and personal property which are necessary to operate the Properties. Borrower shall not engage in any business activity other than the ownership, leasing, maintenance, management, operation and permitted sale of the Properties, performance of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the conduct of lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing. Borrower shall not own any real property other than the Properties and shall not own any personal property other than personal property necessary or incidental to its ownership and operation of the Properties. Borrower agrees that (i) the purpose of the Loan is for business and or commercial purposes only, (ii) the Loan is not for personal, family or household use, (iii) no Property is used or will be used as a residence or second home of any direct or indirect holder of more than twenty percent (20 of the equity interests in Borrower or any family member (ancestors, spouse or lineal descendants) thereof and (iv) the Properties are an investment to be held for future appreciation and will be rented. Borrower shall cause Equity Owner not to engage in any business activity other than the acting as the Sole Member of Borrower and performance of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the conduct of lawful business that it incidental, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing. Borrower shall cause Equity Owner not to own any assets other than its membership interest in Borrower. 
 Section 5.10. Condition and Operation of the Properties . Except if a Property has suffered a Casualty and is in the process of being restored in accordance with Section 6.4, Borrower shall keep and maintain each Property in a good, safe and habitable condition and state of repair in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements in all material respects. Without limitation, Borrower shall timely cause to 
 54 

be made all necessary repairs and replacements to each Property. Borrower shall not commit or permit any waste on any Property that would reasonably be expected to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect, nor take any action that might invalidate any insurance carried on any of the Properties (and Borrower shall promptly correct any such actions of which Borrower becomes aware). Borrower will promptly pay (or cause to be paid) when due all Operating Expenses and Capital Expenditures necessary for the operation of the Properties. Borrower shall (i) observe and perform (or cause Manager to perform on its behalf) in all material respects obligations imposed upon the lessor under the Leases for its Properties in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with residential real estate manager best practices and all applicable Legal Requirements. 
 Section 5.11. Compliance with Agreements and Property Documents . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, enter into any agreement or instrument or become subject to any restriction which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect. Borrower shall observe and perform in all material respects each and every term to be observed or performed by Borrower pursuant to the terms of any agreement to which Borrower is a party and each Property Document. Borrower shall enforce in a commercially reasonable manner the performance and observance of each and every agreement to which Borrower is a party, including, without limitation the performance of any payment obligations under each Property Document (except to the extent the failure to enforce any such covenants in such Property Documents (other than payment obligations) would not cause a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect), shall do all things reasonably necessary to preserve and to keep unimpaired its material rights thereunder and cause each Property to be operated in accordance therewith. Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of Required Lenders, consent to the increase of the amount of any charges payable by Borrower under any Property Document or the reduction of any material right of Borrower thereunder (except to the extent such increase in the amount of charges payable by Borrower or reduction of material rights would not cause a Material Adverse Effect or an Individual Material Adverse Effect). Neither such Property nor any part thereof shall be subject to any purchase options, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or other similar rights in favor of any Tenant or other third parties. During the continuance of an Event of Default Borrower shall not exercise any rights, make any decisions, grant any approvals or otherwise take any action under the Property Documents without Required Lenders prior written consent. 
 Section 5.12. Property Management . 
 (a) Borrower at all times shall provide competent and responsible management for the Properties by a Qualified Manager pursuant to the Existing Management Agreement or a Replacement Management Agreement and all Legal Requirements. Without Required Lenders prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and shall be deemed given if the Existing Management Agreement is amended only to add or delete any one or more Properties) both as to the form of the Management Agreement and the identity of Manager, Borrower shall not enter into, materially modify, amend or terminate the Management Agreement, or permit any change in control or identity of Manager, or otherwise retain or terminate the services of any property management company. Without limitation, each Management Agreement shall provide (i) that the compensation to Manager shall 
 55 

not exceed the Management Fee Cap (unless Required Lenders otherwise approve in writing greater compensation) (ii) except for the Existing Management Agreement, that the Management Agreement shall be terminable at Borrower s option without penalty or premium (including without any transition or termination fees or expenses) on thirty (30) days notice or if required pursuant to the Loan Documents and (iii) that, in the event the Management Agreement is terminated for any reason, Manager will continue to perform its duties thereunder (so long as such Manager continues to be paid thereunder) unless and until a replacement Qualified Manager is appointed. Any action or inaction of Manager within the scope of the rights and obligations of Borrower that are delegated to Manager under the Management Agreement shall be deemed attributed to Borrower for purposes of determining compliance with or Default under the Loan Documents. Borrower shall (x) in a commercially reasonable manner, perform all of its obligations and enforce all material obligations of Manager under the Management Agreement and (y) promptly notify Lenders of any material default under the Management Agreement of which it is aware. 
 (b) Lenders shall have the right to terminate a Management Agreement and require Borrower to replace Manager and enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with a Qualified Manager if any of the following occurs (i) an Event of Default, (ii) any material default by Manager under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable cure period, (iii) in connection with any of the Properties or the Management Agreement, Manager is grossly negligent or commits any act of fraud or willful misconduct, misappropriates funds or violates any criminal law that could reasonably be expected to result in a forfeiture of any portion of the Collateral, (iv) an Event of Bankruptcy occurs with respect to Manager or (v) a Material Adverse Effect occurs as a result of actions taken by such Manager. Borrower shall select the replacement Qualified Manager and enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with the replacement Qualified Manager within sixty (60) days of Required Lenders demand to replace Manager provided that if (x) a Material Adverse Effect described in the immediately preceding clause or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) Manager being replaced is an Affiliate of Borrower or (z) Borrower fails to enter into a Replacement Management Agreement with a replacement Qualified Manager within said period of sixty (60) days, then Required Lenders shall have the right to select the replacement Qualified Manager. At the time the Replacement Management Agreement is executed, Borrower shall cause (and Required Lenders shall have the right to cause) the Qualified Manager to execute and deliver an Assignment of Management Agreement and such other documents as Required Lenders shall require to implement the purposes of the Loan Documents, all in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders. Borrower hereby grants to Lenders an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, to enter into the foregoing agreements and documents on behalf of Borrower if Borrower fails to do so within five (5) Business Days of written demand by Required Lenders. 
 Section 5.13. Leasing . Borrower shall not enter into any Lease (including any renewal or extension of any existing Lease) with respect to any Property unless such Lease is an Eligible Lease with an Eligible Tenant. Borrower shall, in a commercially reasonable manner, perform the obligations of the lessor under all Leases, and enforce the obligations of the Tenants under such Leases. Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, comply in all material respects with all Legal Requirements in respect of leasing practices. 
 56 

Section 5.14. Security Deposits . 
 (a) Within three (3) Business Days after receipt of any security deposit, Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, deposit the same (except only as provided below with respect to combined payments) into one or more (if more than one, only the minimum number required by Legal Requirements) Eligible Accounts in Borrower s name or the applicable Manager s name for safe keeping of security deposits (each a Security Deposit Account ). Except only for deposits of de minimis Borrower funds to maintain a minimum balance or to pay fees of the bank at which the Security Deposit Account is maintained, Borrower shall cause Manager to ensure that no funds from any source shall be deposited into a Security Deposit Account other than security deposits (whether or not such security deposits are from Properties or otherwise) and interest paid thereon, and no funds shall be withdrawn except, in accordance with Legal Requirements, (i) to pay refunds of security deposits, (ii) to pay (or reimburse for payment of) expenses chargeable against security deposits, or (iii) to transfer forfeited security deposits to the Rent Deposit Account. Borrower shall, and shall cause Manager to, maintain complete and accurate books and records of all transactions pertaining to security deposits and the Security Deposit Accounts, with sufficient detail to identify all security deposits separate and apart from other payments received from or by Tenants. Only if Borrower or Manager receives a check or other payment that combines a security deposit together with rent or other amounts owing by a Tenant, then Borrower or the applicable Manager shall deposit the combined payment into the Rent Deposit Account. 
 (b) At least five (5) days prior to each Payment Date, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders and Servicer written notice of the aggregate amount of any security deposits deposited into the Cash Management Account since the immediately preceding Payment Date (or in the case of the initial Payment Date, since the Closing Date), which notice shall identify such security deposits and request a distribution of the security deposit amount from the Cash Management Account to the Security Deposit Account pursuant to Section 7.4.1(a). 
 (c) Upon Required Lenders written request during an Event of Default, or upon a foreclosure of any Property or transfer in lieu of other remedies, Borrower shall deliver to the Cash Management Account or to another account designated by Required Lenders the security deposits applicable to such Property for safe-keeping and not for application to the Obligations. Lenders acknowledge and agree that following such delivery, Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders and subject to the written direction of Required Lenders, will exercise control over the security deposits solely for the purpose of safe-keeping the Tenant security deposits and will not apply such security deposits against the Debt, except to the extent any security deposits are forfeited by the applicable Tenant pursuant to the terms of the applicable Lease, in which event such funds will be treated as collections of Rent to be available to pay any Obligations under Section 7.4.1. 
 Section 5.15. Keeping of Records and Books of Account . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, keep and maintain on a calendar year basis, in accordance with GAAP complete and accurate books and records of all transactions, revenues, income, costs and expenses in connection with the ownership and operation of the Properties, including all information reasonably necessary for the 
 57 

collection of Rents and other Collections and payment of its obligations. Further, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, (i) maintain systems and procedures ensuring the ability to recreate all Records in the event of destruction and (ii) maintain books and records in accordance with the applicable requirements for a Special Purpose Entity set forth herein. Lenders shall have the right from time to time (but, absent an Event of Default, not more than once in any calendar year), at Borrower s cost, during normal business hours upon reasonable prior written notice, to examine and copy any and all systems and Records of the Loan Parties and Manager at the offices of the Loan Parties or any other Person maintaining the same. Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, keep its chief place of business and chief executive office and the offices where it keeps the Records at the address(es) referred to on Schedule V or upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lenders, at any other location in the United States where all actions reasonably requested by Required Lenders to protect and perfect the interests of Collateral Agent in the Collateral have been taken and completed. 
 Section 5.16. Access to Properties . Subject to the rights of Tenants, Borrower shall, without any expense to Lenders, permit and assist Lenders and their respective representatives to inspect the Properties at reasonable hours upon reasonable advance notice. 
 Section 5.17. Further Assurances . Promptly following request by Required Lenders, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, at its sole cost and expense (a) execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such documents, instruments, certificates, assignments and other writings, and do such other acts as Required Lenders may reasonably request, to correct any defects or omissions in the Loan Documents, and to grant, evidence, preserve, perfect and protect the Collateral and Collateral Agent s Liens thereupon and the priority thereof and (b) do and execute all and such further lawful and reasonable acts, conveyances and assurances for the better and more effective carrying out of the intents and purposes of the Loan Documents, as Required Lenders may reasonably require from time to time. If Borrower fails to comply with the terms of this Section 5.17, Required Lenders may, at Borrower's expense, perform Borrower's obligations for and in the name of Borrower, and Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lenders its respective attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to do so. 
 Section 5.18. Anti-Money-Laundering . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and the Prescribed Laws (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws and shall provide notice to Lenders, within two (2) Business Days, of any Anti-Money Laundering Law regulatory notice or action involving Borrower or Equity Owner. 
 Section 5.19. Cooperate in Legal Proceedings . Except with respect to any claim by Borrower against Lenders, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, reasonably cooperate with Lenders with respect to any proceedings before any court, board or other Governmental Authority which may in any way affect the rights of Lenders or Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents and, in connection therewith, permit Lenders, at Required Lenders election, to participate in any such proceedings. 
 58 

Section 5.20. Costs and Expenses . 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, Borrower shall pay or, as applicable, reimburse Lenders upon receipt of notice from Lenders, for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Lenders, whether before or after the date hereof, in connection with the Loan Documents, the Obligations or the Collateral, including such costs and expenses pertaining to (i) negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance, exercise of rights, and enforcement of the Loan Documents (ii) any consents, waivers or amendments to or under the Loan Documents (iii) any requests by any Relevant Party (iv) filing and recording fees and costs (v) title insurance (including endorsements), Appraisals (vi) out-of-pocket costs of Property inspections and condition reports (vii) creation, perfection and protection of Collateral Agent s Liens in the Collateral (including title and lien searches, intangibles Taxes, personal Property Taxes, mortgage recording Taxes, due diligence expenses, travel expenses, accounting firm fees, and Lenders diligence consultant) (viii) claims, actions and proceedings involving any Relevant Party, the Loan Documents, or any Collateral (ix) all fees (including all monthly fees) and expenses of the Diligence Agent (including costs of obtaining and reviewing Appraisals), the Servicer and the Custodian with respect to the Loan and the Collateral (the Servicer fees are as follows monthly servicing fee of 12 per home per month and a 10,000 initial setup fee) (x) all special servicing fees, work-out, liquidation fees and other fees payable to any special servicer or lender in connection with a Default, Event of Default, an acknowledgment by Borrower that the Loan is likely to go into default, or any refinancing, restructuring, work-out or modification of the Loan and (xi) related to any Event of Bankruptcy of any Relevant Party and related ancillary proceedings and appeals. Borrower and Lenders agree that the inspections and condition reports contemplated in this Section 5.20 shall be performed by the Diligence Agent at the expense of Borrower. 
 (b) Any costs and expenses due and payable by Borrower hereunder which are not paid by Borrower within ten (10) Business Days after demand may be paid by Required Lenders from any amounts in the Cash Management Account or the Reserves, with notice thereof to Borrower. The obligations and liabilities of Borrower under this Section 5.20 shall survive repayment of the Loan and exercise by Lenders or Collateral Agent of any rights or remedies under the Loan Documents. 
 Section 5.21. Indemnity . Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indemnified Persons from and against any and all Losses, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any Indemnified Person in any manner relating to or arising out of (a) this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the funding or maintenance of the Loan (including, any actual or alleged breach by any Relevant Party of its Obligations or any misrepresentation by such Relevant Party contained in, any Loan Document to which such Relevant Party is a party) and (b) the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Loan provided, however, that this indemnity shall not be available to any Indemnified Person to the extent that such indemnified liabilities arise from the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its Affiliates, as finally determined by a non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Lender hereby waives any rights it may have to claim or recover against Borrower any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, except in reimbursement of such damages payable by such Lender to a third party. 
 59 

Section 5.22. ERISA Matters . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner and their respective ERISA Affiliates not to, establish or be a party to any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA that is a defined benefit pension plan that is subject to Section 412 or Part III of Subchapter D, Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code. Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, engage in any transaction that would cause any obligation, or action taken or to be taken, hereunder (or the exercise by a Lender or Collateral Agent of any of its respective rights under the Loan Documents) to be a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Borrower shall deliver to Lender such certifications or other evidence from time to time throughout the Term, as requested by Required Lenders, that (a) no Relevant Party is an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, which is subject to Title I of ERISA, or a governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA (b) no Relevant Party is subject to state statutes regulating investments and fiduciary obligations with respect to governmental plans and (c) none of the assets of a Relevant Party constitute plan assets within the meaning of 29 C.F.R 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Section 5.23. Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, enter into, or be a party to any transaction with any Affiliate of any Relevant Party except for (a) the Loan Documents (b) capital contributions by (i) Parent (directly or indirectly) to Equity Owner or (ii) Equity Owner to Borrower (c) Restricted Junior Payments which are not prohibited by Section 5.28 (d) if applicable, a Management Agreement (e) Transfers of Disqualified Properties in compliance with Section 2.5 and (f) to the extent not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement, other transactions that are disclosed in writing in advance to Lenders and that are upon fair and reasonable terms materially no less favorable to the obligor Loan Parties than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate. 
 Section 5.24. Transfers . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, cause or suffer to occur any Transfer other than the following Transfers Permitted Transfers (a) an Eligible Lease entered into in accordance with the Loan Documents (b) a Permitted Lien (c) a Transfer of a Property in accordance with Section 2.5 (d) Transfers that would not result in a Change of Control and (e) with the prior written consent of Required Lenders, any other Transfer of any direct interest in Equity Owner. Borrower shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses of Lenders in connection with such Transfer, whether or not such Transfer is approved by Required Lenders, including all reasonable fees and expenses of Lenders counsel, whether internal or outside. 
 Section 5.25. No Embargoed Persons . At all times throughout the term of the Loan, including after giving effect to any Transfers permitted under this Agreement, Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, ensure that (a) none of the funds or other assets of any Relevant Party shall constitute property of, or shall be beneficially owned, directly or more than 15 indirectly, by any Person subject to trade restrictions under United States law, including, but not limited to, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq., The Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq., and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated thereunder, with the result that the investment in any Relevant Party (whether directly or indirectly), would be prohibited by law (each, an 
 60 

Embargoed Person or that the Loan would be in violation of law, (b) no Embargoed Person shall have any interest of any nature whatsoever in any Relevant Party with the result that the investment in any Relevant Party (whether directly or more than 15 indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law, and (c) none of the funds of any Relevant Party shall be derived from any unlawful activity with the result that the investment in such Loan Party or Parent (whether directly or more than 15 indirectly), would be prohibited by law or the Loan would be in violation of law. 
 Section 5.26. Loan Documents . Borrower shall not, and shall cause each other Relevant Party not to, terminate, amend or otherwise modify any Loan Document, or grant or consent to any such termination, amendment, waiver or consent, except in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 Section 5.27. Limitation on Investments . Borrower shall not, and shall cause each other Loan Party not to, make or suffer to exist any loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, purchase any property or asset or make any investment (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of Indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except for acquisition of the Properties and related Collateral, Permitted Investments, Permitted Transfers, capital contributions by Equity Owner to Borrower. 
 Section 5.28. Restricted Junior Payments . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, make any Restricted Junior Payment (other than capital contributions from Equity Owner to Borrower) provided that the Loan Parties may make Restricted Junior Payments so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default or Trigger Period shall then exist or would result therefrom and (b) such Restricted Junior Payments are paid from (i) Available Cash previously released to Borrower or (ii) from capital contributions received by such Loan Party from its parent. 
 Section 5.29. Special Purpose Entity . 
 (a) Borrower at all times shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, be a Special Purpose Entity. Without limitation, Borrower at all times shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with all criteria applicable to it set forth in Exhibit C. Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, directly or indirectly make any change, amendment or modification to its governing documents, or otherwise take any action, which could result in Borrower or Equity Owner not being a Special Purpose Entity. 
 (b) Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Relevant Party to, comply in all material respects with all of the stated facts and assumptions made with respect to the Relevant Parties in each Insolvency Opinion. Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Relevant Party to, cause each entity other than a Relevant Party with respect to which an assumption is made or a fact stated in an Insolvency Opinion to comply in all material respects with all of the assumptions made and facts stated with respect to it in such Insolvency Opinion. 
 61 

Section 5.30. Changes to Accounts . Borrower shall not, and shall cause Equity Owner not to, (a) open or permit to remain open any account for the collection of Rent and other Collections other than the Rent Deposit Account and the Cash Management Account, (b) open or permit to remain open any account for the deposit and safekeeping of security deposits other than a Security Deposit Account subject to an Assignment of Management Agreement, (c) change or permit to change any account number of the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account, (d) open or permit to remain open any sub-account of the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account or (e) permit any funds of Persons other than Borrower to be deposited or held in any of the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account. 
 Section 5.31. Reporting Covenants . Borrower shall, unless Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing, furnish or cause to be furnished to Lenders the following reports, notices and other documents 
 5.31.1. Financial Reporting . Borrower shall furnish the following financial reports to Lenders 
 (a) annually, within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each calendar year, a true, complete, correct and accurate copy of Parent s audited financial statements for such period, including (i) a statement of operations (profit and loss), (ii) a statement of cash flows, (iii) a balance sheet, (iv) an aged accounts receivable report and (v) such other information or reports as shall be requested by Required Lenders, in each case prepared in reasonable detail, such audited financial statements to be accompanied by a report of an independent accountant selected by Borrower that is reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders (which report on such information shall be without (A) any qualification as to the scope of such audit or (B) a going concern or the like qualification (other than a going concern qualification that relates solely to the near term maturity of the Loan hereunder), together with a written statement of an officer of Borrower (reviewed by such accountants in the ordinary course of preparing Parent s financial statements) (x) to the effect that, in such officer has no knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or a Default and (y) if such officer has obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or Default, describing the nature thereof 
 (b) annually, within one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each calendar year, a true, complete, correct and accurate copy of Borrower s unaudited financial statements for such period, including (i) a statement of operations (profit and loss), (ii) a statement of cash flows, (iii) a calculation of Underwritten Net Cash Flow prior to any adjustment of Operating Expenses by Required Lenders, (iv) a balance sheet, (v) an aged accounts receivable report, and (vi) such other information or reports as shall be requested by Required Lenders in each case certified by Borrower s chief financial officer, treasurer or equivalent officer stating that such financial statements are complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower 
 (c) within forty-five (45) days following the end of each calendar quarter, a true, complete, correct and accurate copy of each of Borrower s and Parent s unaudited financial statements for 
 62 

such period, including (i) a statement of operations (profit and loss), (ii) a statement of cash flows, (iii) a calculation of Underwritten Net Cash Flow, (iv) a balance sheet, (v) an aged accounts receivable report, and (vi) such other information or reports as shall be requested by Required Lenders in each case certified by Borrower s chief financial officer, treasurer or equivalent officer stating that such financial statements are complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower or Parent, as applicable provided that Borrower s reports provided pursuant to this Section 5.31.1(c) also shall include a brief description of any events or circumstances that would reasonably be likely to have an Individual Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Properties included in the Aggregate Collateral Value 
 (d) simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements required by clause (a) or clause (b) above, a duly completed Compliance Certificate, with appropriate insertions, containing the data and calculations set forth on Exhibit E and 
 (e) as soon as available and in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each the first three calendar quarters and ninety (90) days after the end of the fourth calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2024, Parent shall provide Lenders with evidence of Parent s Net Assets as evidenced by an Officer s Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer accompanied by such supporting documentation as may be reasonably requested by Required Lenders. 
 5.31.2. Reporting on Adverse Effects . Within five (5) Business Days after Borrower obtains knowledge of the occurrence of any event or circumstance that has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or give rise to litigation which, if adversely determined, would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof that includes the details of such event or circumstance and the action which Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 5.31.3. Litigation . Within five (5) Business Days after Borrower obtains knowledge of any litigation (other than (a) ordinary course slip and fall litigation otherwise covered by insurance or (b) litigation in which the amount in controversy is less than One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00)) or governmental proceedings, pending or threatened, against any Loan Party or against Manager with respect to any Property or any group of Properties or which alleges that the policies and procedures of any Relevant Party violate applicable Legal Requirements (which shall include any claims, actions, suits or proceedings regarding fair housing, anti-discrimination, or equal opportunity), written notice thereof that includes a reasonably detailed summary of such litigation or proceeding. 
 5.31.4. Event of Default . Within five (5) Business Days after Borrower obtains knowledge of any Default or Event of Default, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders a written statement setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default and the action that the Relevant Parties are taking or propose to take to cure such Default or Event of Default. 
 63 

5.31.5. Defaults under Agreements and Property Documents . Within five (5) Business Days after receipt or effective service thereof, as applicable, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders a true and complete copy of each and every notice of default received or served by Borrower with respect to any obligations under any agreement to which Borrower is a party or any Property Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, default notices sent to Tenants under Eligible Leases in the ordinary course of business shall only be required to be described in Borrower s reports provided pursuant to Section 5.31.1(c). 
 5.31.6. Properties Schedule . Borrower shall deliver to Lenders no later than the twentieth (20th) day of each calendar month (provided, that if such twentieth (20th) day is not a Business Day, then such delivery shall be permitted on the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing with the calendar month ending September 30 (a) an updated Properties Schedule in Excel format containing each of the data fields set forth on Schedule II.B (other than those under the caption Appraised Values provided, that the information under the caption Underwritten Net Cash Flow need only be updated in the Properties Schedule delivered for the quarter ending in March, June, September and December of each year, commencing with the Properties Schedule delivered for the quarter ending September 30, 2024, and (b) a calculation of the monthly turnover rate for the Properties for the prior calendar month, which shall be equal to the number of Properties that became vacant during such calendar month divided by the daily average number of Properties during such calendar month. The foregoing information shall be delivered together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying that it is true, correct and complete in all material respects (i) with respect to the information in the Properties Schedule other than Underwritten Net Cash Flow data, as of the last day of the preceding calendar month, (ii) with respect to the Underwritten Net Cash Flow data in the Properties Schedule, for the calendar quarter most recently ended, and (iii) with respect to the turnover rate of the Properties, for the prior calendar month. 
 5.31.7. Other Reports . 
 (a) Borrower shall deliver to Lenders, within ten (10) Business Days after Required Lenders request therefor, copies of any requested Property Tax, Other Charge or insurance bills, statements or invoices received by any Loan Party with respect to the Properties and 
 (b) Borrower shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after request by Required Lenders, furnish or cause to be furnished to Lenders in such manner and in such detail as may be reasonably requested by Required Lenders, such evidence of compliance with the Loan Documents and such additional information, documents, records or reports as may be reasonably requested with respect to any Property or the conditions or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Relevant Parties. 
 5.31.8. Delivery Standards . All financial statements and other documents to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall (i) be in form and substance acceptable to Required Lenders, (ii) be prepared in accordance with GAAP or the cash basis of accounting consistently applied, and (iii) be certified by a Responsible Officer of Borrower as being true, correct, complete and accurate in all 
 64 

material respects and fairly reflecting the results of operations and financial condition of Borrower for the relevant period. 
 Section 5.32. Zoning . Borrower shall not initiate or consent to any zoning reclassification of any portion of any Property or seek any variance under any existing zoning ordinance or use or permit the use of any portion of any Property in any manner that could result in such use becoming a non-conforming use under any zoning ordinance or any other applicable land use law, rule or regulation, without the prior written consent of Required Lenders, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed 
 Article 6 INSURANCE, CASUALTY AND CONDEMNATION 
 Section 6.1. Insurance . 
 (a) Borrower shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain and maintain during the entire Term, or cause to be maintained, insurance policies for Borrower and the Properties providing at least the coverages set forth in Exhibit A. 
 (b) If at any time Lenders are not in receipt of written evidence that all insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, and such failure continues for two (2) Business Days after request from Required Lenders, Lenders shall have the right, without notice to Borrower, to take such action as Required Lenders deem necessary to protect Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective interest in the Properties, including the obtaining of such insurance coverage as Required Lenders determine and all premiums incurred by Lenders in connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it in effect shall be paid by Borrower to Lenders upon demand and until paid shall be secured by the Collateral Documents and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. Lenders hereby agree to cooperate with Borrower in minimizing or eliminating any such premiums incurred if Borrower subsequently obtains the requisite insurance required herein. 
 Section 6.2. Casualty . If a Property is damaged or destroyed, in whole or in part, by fire or other casualty (in either case, a Casualty ), Borrower shall give prompt notice thereof to Lenders. Lenders may, but shall not be obligated to, make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. In addition, Lenders may participate in any settlement discussions with any insurance companies if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the settlement with the insurance company is reasonably likely to exceed the Restoration Threshold, and Borrower shall not settle or permit any settlement in excess of the Restoration Threshold without Required Lenders approval, (i) if an Event of Default is continuing or (ii) with respect to any Casualty in which the Net Proceeds thereof or the costs of completing the Restoration are reasonably expected to be equal to or greater than the Restoration Threshold Amount, and Borrower shall deliver to Lenders all instruments required by Required Lenders to permit such participation. Any Insurance Proceeds in connection with any Casualty (whether or not Required Lenders elect to settle and adjust the claim or Borrower settles such claim) shall be due and payable solely to the Cash Management Account and held and disbursed in accordance with the terms of 
 65 

this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 6.4, if Borrower or any party other than a Lender receives any Insurance Proceeds, Borrower shall immediately deliver such proceeds to the Cash Management Account and shall endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, a check payable therefor to Lenders, for deposit into the Cash Management Account. Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Lenders as its attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to endorse any such check payable to the order of Lenders. Borrower hereby releases Lenders from any and all liability with respect to the settlement and adjustment by Lenders of any claims in respect of any Casualty, other than for actions that constitute gross negligence or intentional misconduct. In lieu of complying with the provisions set forth above and in Section 6.4, not later than thirty (30) days after the occurrence of any Casualty, Borrower may prepay the Allocated Loan Amount of the Property which suffered such Casualty together with accrued and unpaid interest on such portion of the Loan but without any Yield Maintenance Premium. With respect to any Restoration of a Property with a total expected cost exceeding Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00), Required Lenders (or their designee) shall have the right to inspect such Property after the completion of such Restoration to determine if the Restoration meets the Renovation Standards. 
 Section 6.3. Condemnation . Borrower shall promptly give Lenders notice of the actual or threatened commencement of any proceeding for the Condemnation of all or any portion of a Property and shall deliver to Lenders copies of any and all papers served in connection with such proceedings. Lenders may participate in any such proceedings, and Borrower shall from time to time deliver to Lenders all instruments requested by Required Lenders to permit such participation. Borrower shall, at its expense, diligently prosecute any such proceedings, and shall consult with Lenders, their respective attorneys and experts, and cooperate with them in the carrying on or defense of any such proceedings which is reasonably expected to involve an Award of an amount greater than the Restoration Threshold Amount. Notwithstanding any taking by any public or quasi-public authority through Condemnation or otherwise (including any transfer made in lieu of or in anticipation of the exercise of such taking), Borrower shall continue to pay the Debt at the time and in the manner provided for in this Agreement and the Debt shall not be reduced until any Award shall have been actually received and applied by Lenders, after the deduction of expenses of collection, to the reduction or discharge of the Debt. If Borrower or any party other than a Lender receives any Award, Borrower shall immediately deposit such Award into the Cash Management Account and shall endorse, and cause all such third parties to endorse, a check payable therefore to the order of Lenders. Lenders shall not be limited to the interest paid on the Award by the condemning authority but shall be entitled to receive out of the Award interest at the rate or rates provided herein or in the Note. Net Proceeds from a Condemnation shall be applied as follows 
 (a) If a partial Condemnation of a Property does not interfere with the use of such Property as a residential rental property (as determined by Required Lenders), then the Net Proceeds thereof paid by the condemning authority shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt in accordance with Section 2.4.2(a)(ii). 
 (b) If a partial Condemnation of a Property does interfere with the use of such Property as a residential rental property or if there occurs a complete Condemnation of a Property (each, a 
 66 

Fully Condemned Property ), then (i) Lenders may retain any Award received by Lenders, (ii) Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Cash Management Account any Award paid to Borrower, (iii) the Net Proceeds of such Award shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt pursuant to Section 2.4.2(a)(ii) in an amount equal to the Release Amount for the Fully Condemned Property, together with interest and other amounts required to be paid in connection therewith under Section 2.4.4 (collectively, the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount and (iv) Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount over the Net Proceeds of the Award. Following Borrower s written request after receipt by Lenders of the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount, (x) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower documents prepared by Borrower to release the Fully Condemned Property from the applicable Mortgages and related Lien, provided that (A) Borrower has delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders a draft release (and, in the event the Mortgage applicable to the Fully Condemned Property encumbers other Property(ies) in addition to the Fully Condemned Property, such release (i) shall be a partial release that relates only to the Fully Condemned Property, (ii) shall be in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Fully Condemned Property is located, (iii) shall contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders, and (iv) shall not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Property(ies)) and (B) Borrower file and record such release and shall pay all costs, Taxes and expenses associated with such release (including cost to file and record the release and Collateral Agent s and Lenders reasonable attorneys fees) and (y) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to cause Cash Management Account Bank to disburse to Borrower the Net Proceeds paid by the condemning authority and held in the Cash Management Account in excess of the Fully Condemned Property Prepayment Amount for such Property provided that, during the continuance of a Trigger Period, such excess Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Reserve and disbursed in accordance with Section 7.3.7. 
 In lieu of complying with the provisions set forth above, not later than thirty (30) days after the occurrence of any Condemnation, Borrower may prepay the portion of the Loan allocated to the Property which suffered such Condemnation together with accrued and unpaid interest on such portion of the Loan but without any Yield Maintenance Premium. 
 Section 6.4. Restoration . Subject to the last sentence of Section 6.2, the following provisions shall apply in connection with the Restoration of Properties affected by a Casualty 
 (a) If (i) the Net Proceeds reasonably expected to be received in connection with any single Casualty event is less than the Restoration Threshold Amount and (ii) the Restoration Conditions are satisfied within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Casualty, then (A) if Insurance Proceeds are paid by the insurance company directly to Borrower subsequent to delivering the undertaking required by the Restoration Conditions, such Insurance Proceeds may be retained by Borrower (for the avoidance of doubt, Insurance Proceeds received by Borrower prior to delivering the undertaking required by the Restoration Conditions shall be immediately paid to the Cash Management Account as required by Section 6.2), (B) if Insurance Proceeds are paid by the insurance company to Lenders or deposited into the Cash Management Account, such Insurance Proceeds will be disbursed to Borrower and (C) Borrower 
 67 

shall conduct the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of Section 6.4(d) and (e). 
 (b) If (i) the Net Proceeds reasonably expected to be received in connection with any single Casualty event is greater than the Restoration Threshold Amount and (ii) the Restoration Conditions are satisfied, then (A) Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Cash Management Account any Insurance Proceeds paid to Borrower and (B) Borrower shall conduct the Restoration of the affected Properties in accordance with the terms of and subject to the conditions of Section 6.4(d) and (e). 
 (c) If following a Casualty, the Restoration Conditions are not satisfied within sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Casualty, then, unless Required Lenders otherwise agree to the contrary, (i) Lenders may retain any Insurance Proceeds received by or for the benefit of Lenders, (ii) Borrower shall immediately deliver to the Cash Management Account any Insurance Proceeds paid to Borrower, (iii) such Net Proceeds shall be applied to the prepayment of the Debt pursuant to Section 2.4.2(a)(ii) in an amount equal to the Release Amount for the applicable Property, together with interest and other amounts required to be paid in connection therewith under Section 2.4.4 (collectively, the Casualty Prepayment Amount ), (iv) Borrower shall prepay the Loan in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Casualty Prepayment Amount over such Net Proceeds, and (v) following Borrower s written request after receipt by Lenders of the Casualty Prepayment Amount, (x) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release prepared by Borrower to release the affected Properties from the applicable Mortgages and related Liens, provided that (A) Borrower has delivered to Collateral Agent and Lenders draft releases (and, in the event any of the Mortgages applicable to any of the affected Properties encumber other Property(ies) in addition to the affected Properties, such release shall (i) be a partial release that relates only to the affected Property(ies), (ii) be in form and substance appropriate for the jurisdiction in which such Property(ies) is located, (iii) contain standard provisions protecting the rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders and (iv) not affect the Liens and security interests encumbering or on the other Properties), and (B) Borrower shall file and record such release and pay all costs, Taxes and expenses associated with such release (including cost to file and record the release and the reasonable attorneys fees of Collateral Agent s and Lenders counsel) and (y) Required Lenders shall direct Collateral Agent in writing to cause Cash Management Account Bank to disburse to Borrower the Net Proceeds paid by the applicable insurance company and held by or for the benefit of Lender in excess of the Casualty Prepayment Amount for such Property provided that, during the continuance of a Trigger Period, such excess Net Proceeds shall instead be delivered to the Cash Collateral Reserve and disbursed in accordance with Section 7.3.7. 
 (d) If Borrower is required to conduct the Restoration of affected Properties under Section 6.4(a) or (b) then (i) Borrower shall commence the Restoration as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ninety (90) days after such Casualty occurs) and shall diligently pursue the Restoration to satisfactory completion (ii) Borrower shall cause the affected Property and the use thereof after the Restoration to be in compliance with and permitted under all applicable Legal Requirements and such Property, after Restoration, shall be of the same character as prior to such damage or destruction (iii) the Restoration shall be done and completed by Borrower in an expeditious and diligent fashion and 
 68 

in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements and (iv) Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lenders a signed detailed budget approved in writing by Borrower s architect or engineer stating the entire cost of completing the Restoration, which budget shall be reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders. If at any time the Net Proceeds or the unused portion thereof shall not, in the reasonable opinion of Required Lenders, be sufficient to pay in full the balance of the costs which are estimated by Required Lenders to be incurred in connection with the completion of the Restoration, Borrower shall deposit the deficiency (the Net Proceeds Deficiency into the Cash Management Account before any further use or disbursement of the Net Proceeds shall be made. The Net Proceeds Deficiency shall be deposited into the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve and shall be disbursed for costs actually incurred in connection with the Restoration on the same conditions applicable to the disbursement of the Net Proceeds pursuant to Section 6.4(e), and until so disbursed, shall constitute additional security for the Obligations. 
 (e) If Borrower is required to conduct the Restoration of affected Properties under Section 6.4(b), then Required Lenders may impose such reasonable requirements on the use or expenditure of Net Proceeds as Required Lenders may require, in accordance with Required Lenders standard construction lending practices or in any other manner approved by Required Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Required Lenders may, at their option, condition disbursement of Net Proceeds on (i) delivery of an Expenditures Certificate reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, (ii) completion of a property inspection reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, (iii) Lender s approval of plans and specifications of an architect satisfactory to Required Lenders (iv) the identity, experience, reputation and financial condition of contractors and subcontractors (v) contractor s cost estimates (vi) architect s certificates (vii) waivers of Liens (viii) sworn statements of mechanics and materialmen and such other evidence of costs (ix) percentage completion of construction (x) frequency of disbursements (xi) application of payments (xii) customary retainage and satisfaction of Liens, in each case, as Required Lenders may reasonably require. The excess, if any, of the Net Proceeds and the remaining balance, if any, of the Net Proceeds Deficiency deposited in the Cash Management Account after the Restoration has been completed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.4(e), and the receipt by Lenders of evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that all costs incurred in connection with the Restoration have been paid in full, shall be remitted to Borrower, provided no Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing. 
 (f) Notwithstanding clauses (a) and (b) above, (i) in the event that a single Casualty causes damage or destruction to one Property which would cost more than such Property s Allocated Loan Amount to restore or repair such Property, written consent of Required Lenders shall be required prior to any restoration or repair of such Property pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event that a single Casualty causes damage or destruction to any part of two or more Properties which in the aggregate would cost more than Two Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 200,000.00) to restore or repair, written consent of Required Lenders shall be required prior to any restoration or repair of such Properties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 69 

(g) All reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Lenders in connection with any Restoration including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, shall be paid by Borrower within ten (10) days of Required Lenders written request therefor. 
 (h) In the event of foreclosure of a Mortgage, or other transfer of title to a Property or Properties in extinguishment in whole or in part of the Debt, then all right, title and interest of Borrower in and to the Policies that are not blanket Policies then in force concerning such Property or Properties and all proceeds payable thereunder shall thereupon vest in the purchaser at such foreclosure or Lenders or other transferee in the event of such other transfer of title. 
 Section 6.5. Insurance Proceeds and Awards . Borrower shall cooperate with Lenders, in accordance with this Agreement, to enable Lenders to receive the benefits of any Insurance Proceeds or Awards payable in connection with any Property, and Lenders shall be reimbursed for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection therewith (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, and the payment by Borrower of the reasonable expense of an appraisal on behalf of Lenders in case of Casualty or Condemnation affecting any Property or any part thereof) out of such Insurance Proceeds or Awards. 
 Article 7 CASH MANAGEMENT SECURITY INTEREST RESERVES 
 Section 7.1. Cash Management Arrangements . 
 7.1.1. Cash Management Account . Borrower will cooperate with Lenders opening, maintaining, and, if Required Lenders so elect, changing, a Cash Management Account, which shall be an Eligible Account as to which Borrower, Collateral Agent and the Cash Management Account Bank shall have entered into a Cash Management Agreement. The Cash Management Account shall be under the sole control and dominion of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, with MLIC Lender designated as the directing lender thereunder, and neither Borrower nor Manager shall have any right of access thereto or to withdraw funds therefrom. Borrower covenants and agrees, upon demand of Required Lenders, to pay (or if applicable reimburse Lenders for) any and all amounts that Lenders may be obligated to pay, or shall have paid, to the Cash Management Account Bank pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Cash Management Agreement. Funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account shall be applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement and the Cash Management Agreement. All funds in the Cash Management Account (including any Reserves) shall be held in cash or may be invested in Permitted Investments. During the continuance of an Event of Default, all funds on deposit in the Cash Management Account may be applied by Lenders in such order and priority as Required Lenders shall determine. 
 7.1.2. Operating Account and Rent Deposit Account . 
 (a) Borrower shall establish and at all times maintain the Operating Account, which shall be an Eligible Account in Borrower s name. Borrower shall, or shall cause Manager to, establish and 
 70 

at all times maintain, the Rent Deposit Account, which shall be an Eligible Account in Borrower s name as to which Borrower, Collateral Agent and the Rent Deposit Account Bank shall have executed and delivered a Rent Deposit Account Control Agreement. 
 (b) Borrower shall cause all payments of Rents from Tenants to be remitted into the Rent Deposit Account within three (3) Business Days of receipt from Tenants. Borrower shall require Manager to deposit all Collections (other than security deposits which shall be handled as set forth in Section 5.14 above) deposited into the Rent Deposit Account, which have posted to the Rent Deposit Account as funds available for transfer or withdrawal, into the Cash Management Account within five (5) Business Days after such funds are available for transfer or withdrawal, and to the extent Manager does not comply with Borrower s directions, Borrower shall enforce its rights under the applicable Management Agreement that requires such Manager to comply with this Section 7.1.2. To the extent Borrower or any Affiliate (other than any affiliated Manager) shall receive any Rent or other Collections, Borrower shall, and Borrower shall cause such Affiliates to, promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt) deposit all such Collections (other than security deposits, which shall be handled as set forth in Section 5.14 above) into the Cash Management Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Borrower or Manager receives from a Tenant a check or other payment in an amount that is less than the Tenant then owes, then Borrower or Manager may return the same to the Tenant, without first depositing the same into the Cash Management Account or the Rent Deposit Account, as applicable, solely in order to preserve its right of eviction, provided that in any month, the aggregate of such returned amounts shall not exceed two percent (2.0 of the Rents collected in the immediately preceding month. Without in any way limiting the foregoing, all Rents and other Collections shall be collateral for the Obligations and shall be held by Borrower and such Manager in trust for the benefit, and as the property, of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders, and such amounts shall not be commingled with any other funds or property of Borrower or Manager. Except for security deposits that are deposited into the Cash Management Account as described in Section 5.14 above, Borrower shall not deposit and shall not suffer to be deposited into the Cash Management Account any funds of any Person other than Borrower. 
 (c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders may, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies available to Lenders, direct Collateral Agent or Servicer in writing to apply any sums then present in the Rent Deposit Account to the payment of the Debt in any order in their sole discretion. 
 7.1.3. Tenant Direction Letters . During the continuance of a Trigger Period, Required Lenders may, in addition to all other rights and remedies available to Lenders, require that Borrower notify and advise each current and future Tenant via an instruction letter in the form of Exhibit G attached hereto (a Tenant Direction Letter and any other sources of Collections (including, without limitation, credit card companies) that Required Lenders deem necessary to send all payments of Rent and other Collections (whether by cash, check or electronic means) directly to the Cash Management Account, subject to a lockbox services agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Required Lenders. Without the prior written consent of Required Lenders, neither Borrower nor Manager shall terminate, amend, revoke or modify any Tenant Direction Letter or other direction letter in any manner whatsoever, or direct or cause any Tenant or other source of Collections to pay any amount in any manner other than as provided in such Tenant Direction Letter or other direction letter, whether or not a Trigger Period is continuing. Borrower hereby grants to Lenders an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, to execute and deliver to Tenants and other sources of Collections such Tenant Direction Letters and other direction letters during the continuance of a Trigger Period. Funds deposited into the Cash Management 
 71 

Account shall be applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement and the Cash Management Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, Required Lenders shall have the right, at any time following the occurrence and continuance of a Trigger Period, to direct Borrower and Manager, and to directly notify Tenants and any other Person, to deposit any Collections directly into the Cash Management Account, or to any other deposit account established by Required Lenders from time to time. Borrower shall not deposit and shall cause Manager not to deposit into the Cash Management Account any funds of any Person other than Borrower. Funds deposited into the Cash Management Account shall be applied and disbursed in accordance with this Agreement and the Cash Management Agreement. 
 7.1.4. Expenses . Borrower shall pay for all expenses of opening and maintaining the Cash Management Account, the Rent Deposit Account, the Operating Account and any Security Deposit Account. 
 Section 7.2. Security Interest . As security for the Obligations, Borrower hereby grants to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, a first-priority security interest in the Rent Deposit Account, each Reserve, the Cash Management Account and any other Account and all amounts at any time contained therein and the proceeds thereof and will take all actions necessary to maintain in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, a perfected first priority security interest therein, including executing and delivering to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, deposit account control agreements and filing UCC-1 financing statements and continuations thereof. Borrower further authorizes Collateral Agent, at the direction of Required Lenders, to file such UCC-1 financing statements and amendments and continuations thereof to maintain a first priority, perfected security interest in the Collateral. Such financing statements may describe the Collateral in the same manner as described herein and in the Collateral Document or may describe the Collateral as all of the debtor s personal property and other assets, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, together with all products and proceeds thereof, substitutions and replacements therefor, and additions and accessions thereto or words of similar meaning. Required Lenders shall have the right, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Period that occurs (i) as result of an Event of Default, to direct the applicable banks to deliver all funds then held in the Cash Management Account, the Rent Deposit Account, and any Reserve, to an account established by Collateral Agent at the written direction of Required Lenders, for the benefit of all Lenders, to be applied to the payment of any portion of the Debt, as determined by Required Lenders, in their sole discretion, without seeking the appointment of a receiver and without adversely affecting the rights of Collateral Agent, at the written direction of Required Lenders, to foreclose the Lien of any Collateral Document or Lenders to exercise their rights under the Loan Documents, and (ii) as a result of the commencement of a Low Debt Service Period, to apply all Available Cash as provided in the first sentence of Section 7.3.7. 
 Section 7.3. Reserves . 
 7.3.1. Tax Reserve . On the Closing Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount sufficient to pay all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 
 72 

7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties on or through the next respective due dates of all such Property Taxes. On each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount sufficient to pay all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.10) that will be payable with respect to the additional Properties being financed on such Payment Date on or through the next respective due dates of all such Property Taxes. Borrower shall also deposit in the Cash Management Account or the Alternate Reserve Account, as applicable, on each Payment Date, (i) one-twelfth (1 12th) of all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date, and (ii) such additional amounts, if any, that when added to the amounts on deposit in the Cash Management Account or the Alternate Reserve Account, as applicable, for the payment of Property Taxes, will equal an amount sufficient to pay all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the Tax Reserve, and the amounts deposited into the Tax Reserve are referred to herein as the Tax Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 7, disbursements of Tax Funds by the Servicer shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lenders and or Servicer of Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date. The Servicer shall pay the Property Taxes promptly when due from the Tax Funds and after any such Property Taxes are paid, Borrower shall provide Lenders and Servicer with receipts evidencing the payment of such Property Taxes together with the Property Tax statements requiring such payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.1, in no event shall the balance of Tax Funds contained in the Tax Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all Property Taxes (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the Tax Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of Tax Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the Tax Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the Tax Reserve shall be no less than the Tax Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 7.3.2. HOA Reserve . On the Closing Date and on each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount equal to one-twelfth (1 12th) of all homeowner association dues HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the Closing Date or such Payment Date until the amounts on deposit in the HOA Reserve equal an amount sufficient to pay all HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. In addition, on each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account one-twelfth (1 12th) of all HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.10) that will be payable with respect to the additional Properties being financed during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as 
 73 

the HOA Reserve, and the amounts deposited into the HOA Reserve are referred to herein as the HOA Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 7, disbursements of HOA Funds by Servicer shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lenders and Servicer of a Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date. Promptly after any HOA Dues are paid, Borrower shall provide Lenders and Servicer with receipts evidencing the payment of such HOA Dues together with the HOA Dues statements requiring such payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.2, in no event shall the balance of HOA Funds contained in the HOA Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all HOA Dues (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the HOA Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of HOA Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the HOA Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the HOA Reserve shall be no less than the HOA Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 7.3.3. Insurance Reserve . (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.3.3 (b) below, on the Closing Date and on each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account on such Payment Date an amount equal to one-twelfth (1 12th) of all the Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth herein) that will be payable for renewal or replacement of the Policies upon the expiration thereof during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the Closing Date or such Payment Date until the amounts on deposit therein are sufficient to pay all Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth herein) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date. On each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account one-twelfth (1 12th) of the amount, if any, by which all the Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth herein) that will be payable for renewal or replacement of the Policies upon the expiration thereof during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following such Payment Date after giving effect to the acquisition of such additional Properties exceed the amount of such Insurance Premiums before giving effect to such acquisition. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the Insurance Reserve, and the amounts deposited into the Insurance Reserve are referred to herein as the Insurance Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.3, in no event shall the balance of Insurance Funds contained in the Insurance Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all Insurance Premiums (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the Insurance Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of HOA Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the Insurance Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the Insurance Reserve shall be no less than the Insurance Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.3, in the event that an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in effect with respect to the Policies required pursuant to 
 74 

Section 6.1, deposits into the Insurance Reserve required for Insurance Premiums pursuant to this Section 7.3.3 shall be suspended to the extent that Insurance Premiums relate to such Acceptable Blanket Policy. As of the date hereof, an Acceptable Blanket Policy is in effect with respect to the Policies required as of the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.1. 
 7.3.4. Capital Expenditures Reserve . Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account on the Closing Date and on each Payment Date an aggregate amount equal to one-twelfth (1 12th) of 600.00 multiplied by the number of Properties as a reserve for the completion of maintenance work and capital projects at such Properties. The reserves required to be maintained under the immediately preceding two sentences are referred to collectively as the Capital Expenditures Reserve, and amounts deposited into the Capital Expenditures Reserve are referred to herein as the Capital Expenditures Funds. Borrower shall perform (and pay in full for) all maintenance work and capital projects at the Properties. Provided no Event of Default is continuing (or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in Required Lenders sole discretion), Required Lenders shall direct Servicer to release Capital Expenditures Funds to reimburse Borrower for completed maintenance work and capital projects on a Property-by-Property basis, subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Required Lenders of the following conditions (i) Borrower has submitted evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders that all relevant renovation work has been completed (ii) the request for disbursement shall be accompanied by an Expenditures Certificate reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, (iii) upon request of Required Lenders, Lenders shall have completed a property inspection reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders if the cost of the maintenance work or capital project on such Eligible Property exceeds Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 50,000.00), (iv) the disbursements shall not be made more than once in each calendar month with respect to all Eligible Properties in the aggregate and (v) such funds shall only be released for maintenance work and capital projects at Stabilized Properties and that were Stabilized Properties when the work was performed. Borrower shall not be entitled to Capital Expenditures Funds for work as to which Borrower is entitled to reimbursement from any security deposit, Insurance Proceeds or Awards. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 7, disbursements of Capital Expenditures Funds to Borrower shall only occur on the Reserve Release Date after receipt by Lenders and Servicer of a Reserve Release Request from Borrower not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.3.4, in no event shall the balance of Capital Expenditures Funds contained in the Capital Expenditures Reserve ever fall below an amount equal to three-twelfths (3 12) of all costs and expenses related to the completion of maintenance work and capital projects (estimated as set forth in Section 7.3.11) that will be payable with respect to the Properties during the next ensuing twelve (12) months following the date of any Reserve Release Date (the Capital Expenditures Reserve Minimum Balance ), and if any disbursement of Capital Expenditures Funds would cause the balance on deposit in the Capital Expenditures Reserve to fall below such amount, the amount to be disbursed pursuant to such Reserve Release Request shall be reduced so that after giving effect to such disbursement, funds on deposit in the Capital Expenditures Reserve shall be no less than the Capital Expenditures Reserve Minimum Balance. 
 7.3.5. Advance Rent Reserve . If Borrower or Manager receives any Advance Rent, then Borrower shall, within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof (or, if later, on the Payment Date for any 
 75 

additional Properties being financed on such Payment Date for which such Advance Rents have been received), deliver such Advance Rents to the Cash Management Account to be held in reserve (the Advance Rent Reserve and deliver to Lenders and Servicer a schedule of the Payment Date(s) on which such Advance Rent should be disbursed from the Advance Rent Reserve (such schedule, an Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule ). Amounts deposited into the Advance Rent Reserve are referred to herein as the Advance Rent Funds. Unless otherwise directed by Required Lenders during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.4.2, (i) if a Trigger Period is continuing, Advance Rent Funds shall be included in Collections to be disbursed under Section 7.4.1 on the respective Payment Dates properly designated in the applicable Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule and (ii) otherwise Advance Rent Funds shall be disbursed to Borrower on the respective Payment Dates properly designated in the applicable Advance Rent Disbursement Schedule. 
 7.3.6. Casualty and Condemnation Reserve . Borrower shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Cash Management Account all Insurance Proceeds and Awards in accordance with and to the extent required by the provisions of Section 6.2, Section 6.3 and Section 6.4 (the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve ). Amounts deposited into the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve are referred to herein as the Casualty and Condemnation Funds. All Casualty and Condemnation Funds shall be held, disbursed and or applied in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, as applicable. 
 7.3.7. Cash Collateral Reserve . During any Trigger Period, but subject to Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective paramount rights during an Event of Default described in Section 7.4.2, all Available Cash (after payment of the Monthly Budgeted Amount and any Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses) shall be deposited in the Cash Management Account to be held for the benefit of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, as cash collateral for the Obligations (the Cash Collateral Reserve ). Amounts deposited into the Cash Collateral Reserve are referred to as the Cash Collateral Funds. Required Lenders shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, in the sole and absolute discretion of Required Lenders, to cause Collateral Agent to direct the Cash Management Account Bank to disburse any Cash Collateral Funds (and any other Collateral) to the Obligations, in such order and in such manner as Required Lenders shall determine. Following written request by Borrower after a Trigger Period ends, and provided that no new Trigger Period then exists, Required Lenders shall direct the Cash Management Account Bank to release Cash Collateral Funds to Borrower. 
 7.3.8. Interest Reserve . On each Payment Date, Borrower shall deposit in the Cash Management Account an amount sufficient to pay all interest payable, or reasonably estimated by Required Lenders to be payable with respect to the Debt during the next ensuing thirty (30) days (the Interest Reserve ). Amounts deposited into the Interest Reserve are referred to herein as the Interest Funds. Any Interest Funds remaining after the Debt has been paid in full in cash shall be returned to Borrower. 
 7.3.9. Eligibility Reserve . 
 76 

(a) Deposit of Eligibility Funds . If Borrower shall be required to make a prepayment in respect of any Property pursuant to Section 2.4.2(a)(iii)(A) (other than in the case of any Property that constitutes a Disqualified Property due to the occurrence of a Voluntary Action in respect thereof), Borrower shall have an option to deposit into a Subaccount established at the Cash Management Account Bank to hold such funds (the Eligibility Reserve an amount equal to, in any case, one hundred percent (100 of the Allocated Loan Amount for any such Property Eligibility Reserve Funds provided that Borrower provides Lenders and Servicer with written notice of any such Eligibility Funds and, no later than the due date for the prepayment required under Section 2.4.2(a)(iii)(A), delivers such Eligibility Funds to the Cash Management Account for transfer to the Eligibility Reserve Subaccount. 
 (b) Release of Eligibility Funds . Provided no Default or Event of Default exists, Servicer, at the direction of Required Lenders, shall disburse the Eligibility Funds with respect to a Property to Borrower (i) upon the sale of such Property and prepayment of the Debt in an amount equal to the Release Amount for such Property, (ii) upon such Property becoming an Eligible Property or (iii) upon the Substitution of a Substitute Property for such Property. 
 7.3.10. Transfer of Certain Reserves . Upon request of Borrower, Required Lenders agree to direct Collateral Agent in writing to transfer one or more of the Tax Reserve, the Insurance Reserve, and the Interest Reserve from the Cash Management Account to an account at another Eligible Institution reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders and under the sole dominion and control of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, subject to a control agreement satisfactory to Required Lenders (the Alternate Reserve Account ). 
 7.3.11. Reserves Reporting Requirements . Not earlier than thirty (30) days and not later than ten (10) days prior to each Payment Date, Borrower shall provide to Lenders estimates reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders together with appropriate supporting documentation of (i) Property Taxes payable with respect to the Properties during the twelve month period commencing on such Payment Date, (ii) HOA Dues payable with respect to the Properties during the twelve month period commencing on such Payment Date and (iii) Insurance Premiums payable with respect to the renewal or replacement of the Policies during the twelve month period commencing on such Payment Date. 
 7.3.12. Minimum Balance Cure . If at any time the Tax Reserve, HOA Reserve, Capital Expenditures Reserve, or Insurance Reserve falls below the respective minimum balance described in this Section 7.3, Required Lenders shall notify Borrower in writing, and Borrower shall have fifteen (15) Business Days to deposit into the respective Reserve an amount sufficient to cause such Reserve to rise above the respective required minimum balance (the Reserve Cure Deposit ). If Borrower makes the Reserve Cure Deposit the failure to maintain the respective Reserve minimum balance shall not be a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement. 
 Section 7.4. Property Cash Flow Allocation . 
 7.4.1. Order of Priority of Funds in Cash Management Account . Unless otherwise directed by Required Lenders during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.4.2, on each Payment Date, Collections on deposit in the Cash Management Account (less any fees and expenses 
 77 

of the Cash Management Account Bank then due and payable) on such day shall be applied on such Payment Date in the following order of priority 
 (a) first, to the Security Deposit Account, the amount of any security deposits that have been deposited into the Cash Management Account by Borrower during the calendar month ending immediately prior to such Payment Date 
 (b) second, to Collateral Agent, the fees, expenses and indemnities then owed to Collateral Agent under the Collateral Agency Agreement 
 (c) third, if such Payment Date is the Maturity Date, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, funds sufficient to pay the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan on the Maturity Date 
 (d) fourth, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, the amount of any mandatory prepayment of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan 
 (e) fifth, to the Tax Reserve in the amount of Tax Funds then required under Section 7.3.1 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (f) sixth, to the Insurance Reserve in the amount of Insurance Funds then required under Section 7.3.3 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (g) seventh, to the HOA Reserve in the amount of HOA Funds then required under Section 7.3.2 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (h) eighth, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, the unpaid Monthly Debt Service then due and payable to Lenders for the related Payment Date and any accrued and unpaid Monthly Debt Service payable to Lenders with respect to any prior Payment Date 
 (i) ninth, to the Capital Expenditures Reserve in the amount of Capital Expenditures Funds (if any) then required under Section 7.3.4 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (j) tenth, to the Advance Rent Reserve in the amount of any Advance Rent Funds then required under Section 7.3.5 to be transferred thereto, to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (k) eleventh, to Manager, the management fees payable to such Manager for the prior calendar month (but not in excess of the Management Fee Cap) together with any other Operating Expenses incurred by such Manager on behalf of Borrower for such period 
 78 

(l) twelfth, to transfer into the Casualty and Condemnation Reserve, in the amount of Casualty and Condemnation Funds (if any) then required under Section 7.3.5 to be transferred thereto to the extent such transfer has not yet occurred 
 (m) thirteenth, to Lenders, pro rata based on their applicable Lender Percentages, any other fees, costs, expenses or indemnities then due or payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including without limitation, payment of the monthly servicing fee of any Servicer, if a Servicer is then being retained 
 (n) fourteenth, if no Trigger Period is in effect, all amounts remaining after payment of the amounts set forth in clauses (a) through (m) above (the Available Cash to Borrower s Operating Account and 
 (o) fifteenth, if a Trigger Period is in effect, all Available Cash (but subject to the paramount rights of Collateral Agent and Lenders if an Event of Default is continuing as described in Section 7.4.2), to the Cash Collateral Reserve to be held or disbursed in accordance with Section 7.3.7 provided, however, that to the extent Borrower has incurred any Approved Extraordinary Expenses pursuant to Section 7.4.4 below, Required Lenders shall direct Servicer in writing to remit the amount of such Approved Extraordinary Expenses from the Cash Collateral Reserve to or at the direction of Borrower. 
 7.4.2. Application During an Event of Default . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including in this Article 7) or elsewhere in the Loan Documents, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders, at their option, may apply any Collections then in the possession of Servicer or the Cash Management Account Bank and any Reserve Funds on deposit in the Reserves to the payment of the Obligations sequentially first to any fees, expenses or indemnities then owed to Collateral Agent under the Collateral Agency Agreement, and second, in such order, proportion and priority as Required Lenders may determine. The right to withdraw and apply any of the foregoing funds shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies provided to Lender pursuant to any Legal Requirements and the Loan Documents. 
 7.4.3. Annual Budget . Within fifteen (15) days after the commencement of any Trigger Period and for so long as any Trigger Period continues, Borrower shall submit to Lenders the Annual Budget for the succeeding twelve (12) calendar month period. Required Lenders shall have the right to approve each Annual Budget (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld so long as no Event of Default is continuing). Required Lenders shall grant or deny, in writing to Borrower with a reasonable explanation of any objections, any consent required hereunder within twenty (20) Business Days after receipt of the applicable proposed Annual Budget. In the event that Required Lenders fail to respond within such period, Borrower may resubmit such request. If Required Lenders again fail to respond within ten (10) Business Days of such resubmission, such failure shall be deemed to be the consent and approval of Required Lenders. Annual Budgets approved by Required Lenders shall hereinafter be referred to as an Approved Annual Budget. Until such time that any Annual Budget has been approved by Required 
 79 

Lenders, the prior Approved Annual Budget shall apply for all purposes hereunder (with such adjustments as reasonably determined by Required Lenders to reflect actual increases in Property Taxes, Insurance Premiums and utilities expenses) or, if no applicable Approved Annual Budget exists during any period when an Annual Budget is required, then any distribution pursuant to Section 7.4.1(n) shall be subject to Required Lenders discretion for each applicable Payment Date. Neither Borrower nor Manager shall change or modify any Approved Annual Budget without the prior written consent of Required Lenders. The Monthly Budgeted Amount for each Payment Date means the monthly amount set forth in the Approved Annual Budget for Operating Expenses for the calendar month that includes such Payment Date, but excluding management fees, Property Taxes, and Insurance Premiums. 
 7.4.4. Extraordinary Operating Expenses . During any Trigger Period, if Borrower incurs or is required to incur any Operating Expense not set forth in the Approved Annual Budget (each an Extraordinary Operating Expense ), then Borrower shall promptly deliver to Lenders a reasonably detailed explanation of such proposed Extraordinary Operating Expense for Required Lenders approval. Any Extraordinary Operating Expense approved by Required Lenders is referred to herein as an Approved Extraordinary Operating Expense. Any funds distributed to Borrower for the payment of Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses pursuant to Section 7.4.1 shall be used by Borrower only to pay for such Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses or reimburse Borrower for such Approved Extraordinary Operating Expenses, as applicable, and the distribution thereof shall be subject to the satisfaction of conditions determined by Required Lenders. 
 Section 7.5. Release of Reserve Funds Generally . Borrower shall not be entitled to any earnings or interest on funds deposited into the Cash Management Account or the Reserves other than the Interest Reserve which shall be credited with interest or earnings, if any, obtained by Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, thereon. Any funds remaining in any Reserve (other than earnings or interest on those Reserves other than the Interest Reserve) after the Obligations have been paid in full shall be returned to Borrower. 
 Article 8 DEFAULTS 
 Section 8.1. Events of Default . Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder (an Event of Default 
 (a) if (A) the Obligations are not paid in full on the Maturity Date, (B) any regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest due under this Agreement or the Note is not paid in full on the applicable Payment Date, (C) any payment or prepayment of principal due under this Agreement or the Note (or any interest payable in connection with such prepayment) is not paid when due, or (D) the Yield Maintenance Premium is not paid when due provided, however, that as to payments due under clause (B) only, and no more than two (2) times in any calendar year, in the event that such regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest is not paid when due, Borrower shall not be in default under this subsection 
 80 

(a) if Lenders receive such regularly scheduled monthly payment of interest within three (3) Business Days following written notice of such failure by Lenders. 
 (b) if any deposit to the Reserve Funds is not made when due, with such failure continuing for three (3) Business Days after Lenders deliver written notice thereof to Borrower 
 (c) if any other amount payable pursuant to any Loan Document (other than as set forth in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b)) is not paid in full when due, with such failure continuing for five (5) Business Days after Lenders deliver written notice thereof to Borrower 
 (d) if any Policies satisfying the requirements hereof are not (A) delivered to Lenders within five (5) Business Days of Lenders written request, or (B) kept in full force and effect 
 (e) if a Transfer not permitted under Section 5.24 occurs 
 (f) if any certification, representation or warranty made by a Relevant Party in any Loan Document, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other instrument, agreement or document furnished to Lenders shall have been false or misleading in any material and adverse respect as of the date the same was made or delivered unless such certification, representation or warranty relates solely to a Disqualified Property, in which case neither the conditions specified in Section 2.5 shall be satisfied with respect to such Disqualified Property nor the conditions specified in Section 2.5 shall be satisfied with respect to such Disqualified Property, in each case thirty (30) days following the date the applicable Property became a Disqualified Property 
 (g) (A) if any Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to any Relevant Party (other than Manager), or (B) if any Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to Manager and such Manager is not replaced by another Qualified Manager which enters into a Replacement Management Agreement and an Assignment of Management Agreement within sixty (60) days after such Event of Bankruptcy occurs 
 (h) if any Relevant Party attempts to assign its rights under any of the Loan Documents 
 (i) a breach of the covenants pertaining solely to the Property set forth in Section 5.2, Section 5.3, Section 5.4 (except that a breach of such provision regarding trade payables shall not be an Event of Default unless such default is not cured within five (5) Business Days after notice from Lenders), Section 5.5, Section 5.6, Section 5.9, Section 5.18, Section 5.22, Section 5.23, Section 5.25, Section 5.26, Section 5.27, Section 5.28Section 5.28 or Section 7.1.2, except with respect to any such breach of a covenant set forth in Section 5.4, Section 5.5, or Section 5.6 that relates solely to a Disqualified Property, in which case an Event of Default shall not occur unless the cure provisions set forth in clause (f) of this Section 8.1 have not been complied with 
 81 

(j) a breach of the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in Sections 4.1.1, 4.1.3, 4.1.5, 4.1.8, 4.1.22 and 4.1.28 
 (k) if, (A) without Required Lenders prior written consent, (i) the Management Agreement is terminated (unless simultaneously therewith, Borrower and a new Qualified Manager enter into a Replacement Management Agreement), or (ii) there is a default by Borrower under the Management Agreement beyond any applicable notice or grace period and such Manager terminates or cancels the applicable Management Agreement (unless, within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such notice or grace period, Borrower and a new Qualified Manager enter into a Replacement Management Agreement) or (B) following the occurrence of any default by Manager to perform its duties or obligations under a Management Agreement, Borrower fails to exercise its right to terminate Manager under the Management Agreement 
 (l) if any Relevant Party shall be convicted of a Patriot Act Offense by a court of competent jurisdiction 
 (m) if with respect to any Disqualified Property, Borrower fails to within the time periods specified in Section 2.4.2(a)(iii) pay the Release Amount in respect thereof and such failure continues for more than five (5) Business Days after written notice thereof from Lenders to Borrower 
 (n) if Parent fails to maintain the Parent Financial Covenant provided, however, Parent shall have the right to remedy such failure without such failure constituting a Default or Event of Default by providing evidence of the cure within ten (10) Business Days following the date of the delivery of the financial statements which evidence such failure to satisfy the Parent Financial Covenant 
 (o) if there shall be a Default under any Loan Document that continues beyond any applicable cure period specified for the same in such Loan Document, or if any other event or condition shall occur if the effect of such occurrence under any Loan Document is to accelerate or to permit Lenders to accelerate the maturity of all or any portion of the Obligations 
 (p) if any Loan Document or any Lien granted thereunder shall (except in accordance with its terms or pursuant to Required Lenders written consent), in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the parties thereto or if any Relevant Party or any Affiliate thereof shall disaffirm or contest in writing such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability (other than as a result of payment in full of the Obligations), provided that if such Lien granted thereunder relates solely to a Disqualified Property, such failure shall not be an Event of Default if the conditions specified in Section 2.5 shall be satisfied with respect to such Disqualified Property, in each case within thirty (30) days following the date the applicable Property became a Disqualified Property 
 (q) if one or more final judgments aggregating (i) two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 250,000.00) or more shall be rendered against any Loan Party, or (ii) one Million and No 100ths Dollars 1,000,000.00) or more shall be rendered against Parent, and such amount is not 
 82 

covered by insurance or indemnity or not discharged, paid or stayed within sixty (60) days after (A) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (B) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished 
 (r) if any of the assumptions contained in the Insolvency Opinion, or in any Additional Insolvency Opinion, is or shall become untrue in any material respect provided, such breach shall not constitute an Event of Default in the event that such breach shall be remedied within no more than thirty (30) days after Borrower receives notice of such breach or within thirty (30) days following the request of Required Lenders, whichever occurs first, Borrower delivers to Lenders an Additional Insolvency Opinion or an opinion of counsel to the effect that such breach does not impair, negate or adversely change the opinions rendered in the non-consolidation opinion delivered on the Closing Date, in each case in a form reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders 
 (s) if any Relevant Party shall be in breach of any of the other terms, covenants or conditions of any Loan Document not specified above, and such breach shall continue for ten (10) Business Days after notice to Borrower from Lenders provided, however, that if such breach is not a monetary breach and is susceptible of cure but cannot reasonably be cured within such ten (10) Business Day period, and if Borrower shall have commenced to cure such breach within such ten (10) Business Day period and shall thereafter diligently and expeditiously proceed to cure the same, such ten (10) Business Day period shall be extended for such time as is reasonably necessary for Borrower in the exercise of due diligence to cure such breach, provided that the aggregate cure period will not exceed forty-five (45) days 
 (t) Manager shall intentionally prevent or impede the compliance of Borrower in any way with Borrower s obligations under Section 7.1.3 or 
 (u) the Cash Management Account Bank shall resign or shall be terminated without a new Cash Management Account Bank having been appointed on the effective date of such resignation or termination provided, however, that in the event that (A) the Cash Management Agreement is terminated by Required Lenders as a result of a breach of the Cash Management Agreement by the Cash Management Account Bank or fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Cash Management Account Bank or (B) the Cash Management Agreement is terminated by the Cash Management Account Bank as a result of a breach of the Cash Management Agreement by Lenders or fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of a Lender, then thirty (30) days shall have elapsed following resignation or termination of the Cash Management Account Bank without a new Cash Management Account Bank having been appointed. 
 If more than one of the foregoing paragraphs shall describe the same condition or event, then Required Lenders shall have the right to select which paragraph or paragraphs shall apply. In any such case, Lenders shall have the right (but not the obligation) to designate the paragraph or paragraphs that provide for no notice or lesser notice or for a shorter time to cure (or for no time to cure). 
 83 

Section 8.2. Remedies . 
 8.2.1. Acceleration, Other Remedies . Without the necessity of notice or demand to any Person (which notice and demand Borrower hereby expressly waives), (a) all Obligations shall be accelerated and shall become immediately due and payable automatically upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.1(g), and (b) such Obligations as Required Lenders may designate shall be accelerated and shall become immediately due and payable at the election of Required Lenders at any time upon or after the occurrence of any other Event of Default (and also as to any Event of Default described in clause (a) of this Section 8.2.1 to the extent that automatic acceleration is prevented by any lawful stay). Upon and at all times following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lenders may suspend performance of any and all of its obligations under the Loan Documents, and Collateral Agent and Lenders shall have all rights and remedies available to them pursuant to the Loan Documents, and pursuant to all Legal Requirements, and Lenders may take, or direct Collateral Agent in writing to take, any action, without notice or demand (which notice and demand Borrower hereby expressly waives) that Required Lenders elect to protect and enforce their rights against any Relevant Party and in and to the Collateral. 
 8.2.2. Remedies Cumulative . Each of the rights, powers and remedies of Collateral Agent and Lenders under this Agreement, the Loan Documents, applicable Legal Requirements and at equity shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any other such right, power or remedy. Collateral Agent s and Lenders respective rights, powers and remedies may be pursued independently, singly, successively, together or otherwise, at such times and from time to time and as often and in such order as Required Lenders may determine, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without impairing or otherwise affecting any of the other such rights, powers and remedies of Collateral Agent and Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default is continuing and to the extent permitted by applicable Legal Requirements, (a) neither Collateral Agent nor any Lender shall be subject to any one action or election of remedies law or rule, (b) all Liens and other rights, powers and remedies provided to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders shall remain in full force and effect until all of the Obligations have been paid in full and (c) Lenders may pursue, or Required Lenders may direct Collateral Agent in writing to pursue, any right, power or remedy against any Person or Collateral with or without accelerating the Obligations or pursuing any other right, power or remedy against any other Person or Collateral. No delay or omission of the exercise of any right, power or remedy shall limit or impair the same or any other right, power or remedy, nor shall it be construed as a waiver thereof. A waiver of any Default or Event of Default with respect to any Person or Collateral shall not be construed to be a waiver as to any other Person or Collateral, nor of any subsequent Default or Event of Default with respect to the same Person or Collateral. 
 8.2.3. Severance . 
 (a) During the continuance of an Event of Default, Required Lenders shall have the right from time to time to direct Collateral Agent in writing to partially foreclose any Mortgage or the Lien of any of the other Collateral Documents in any manner and for any amounts secured by the 
 84 

Collateral Documents then due and payable as determined by Required Lenders, including the following circumstances (i) if Borrower defaults beyond any applicable grace period in the payment of one or more scheduled payments of principal and interest, Required Lenders shall have the right to direct Collateral Agent in writing to foreclose one or more of the Mortgages or other Collateral Documents to recover such delinquent payments, or (ii) if Required Lenders elect to accelerate less than the entire Debt, Required Lenders may direct Collateral Agent in writing foreclose one or more of the Mortgages or other Collateral Documents to recover so much of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Loan as Required Lenders may accelerate and such other sums secured by the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents as Required Lenders may elect. Notwithstanding one or more partial foreclosures, the Collateral shall remain subject to the Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents to secure payment of the sums secured by the Collateral Documents and not previously recovered. 
 (b) During the continuance of an Event of Default, each Lender shall have the right from time to time to sever its Note into one or more separate notes, in such denominations as such Lender shall determine for purposes of evidencing and enforcing its respective rights and remedies provided under the Loan Documents. Borrower shall execute and deliver to each Lender from time to time, promptly after the request of such Lender, a severance agreement and such other documents as such Lender shall request in order to effect the severance described in the preceding sentence, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Lender. Borrower hereby absolutely and irrevocably appoints each Lender as its true and lawful attorney, coupled with an interest, in its name and stead to make and execute all documents necessary or desirable to effect the aforesaid severance, Borrower ratifying all that its said attorney shall do by virtue thereof provided, however, no Lender shall make or execute any such documents under such power until three (3) days after notice has been given to Borrower by such Lender of such Lender s intent to exercise its rights under such power. 
 (c) During the continuance of an Event of Default, any amounts recovered from the Collateral may be applied by Required Lenders toward the payment of any interest and or principal of the Loan and or any other amounts due under the Loan Documents, in such order, priority and proportions as Required Lenders determine. 
 8.2.4. Lenders Right to Perform . If any Relevant Party fails to pay or perform any obligation under any Loan Document or the Management Agreement beyond the expiration of any applicable cure period, Required Lenders may, but shall have no obligation to, pay, perform, or cause the performance of, such obligation, in which case all costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses), liabilities, penalties and fines incurred or paid by Lenders in connection therewith shall be paid or reimbursed by Borrower to Lenders upon demand, and shall bear interest from such demand at the Default Rate. Lender need not give advance notice of any such action if Required Lenders determine in good faith that Lenders would incur risk of adverse consequences by doing so, and otherwise Required Lenders shall give five (5) Business Days advance notice of any such action. Any such payment or performance by Lender shall not limit Lenders other rights and remedies under the Loan Documents or under any Legal Requirement and shall not be deemed to waive or release Borrower from performing any such obligation or its Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 85 

Article 9 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 9.1. Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or other communications (any of the foregoing, a Notice required, permitted or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or delivered by hand or by reputable overnight courier, or sent by e-mail transmission (with no bounce back message having been received), addressed to the party to be so notified at its address as set forth on Schedule X, or to such other address as such party may hereafter specify in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. Any Notice shall be deemed to have been given when received or when delivery is refused provided that any notice that is delivered on a day that is not a Business Day, or after 5 00 p.m. in the time zone of the intended recipient, such notice shall be deemed given on the next Business Day. Any party may change the address to which any such Notice is to be delivered by furnishing ten (10) days written notice of such change to the other parties in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date as set forth above, even if there is an inability to actually deliver any such Notice because of a changed address of which no Notice was given, or there is a rejection or refusal to accept any Notice offered for delivery. Notice from Lenders may also be given by Servicer and Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that Borrower shall be entitled to rely on any Notice given by Servicer as if it had been sent by Lenders. 
 Section 9.2. Survival Successors and Assigns . This Agreement and all covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made herein and in the certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the making by Lenders of the Loan and the execution and delivery to Lenders of such Lender s Note and shall continue in full force and effect so long as all or any of the Obligations are outstanding and unpaid unless a longer period is expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents. Each Lender has the right, at any time, to sell, transfer, assign or participate all or any of its interest in the Loan and its other rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, or to sell a participation in its interest in the Loan or any such rights and obligations, provided, that no Lender shall, without the prior written consent of Borrower, transfer any such interest or participation to a person that is a Prohibited Assignee. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include the legal representatives, successors and assigns of such party. All covenants, promises and agreements in this Agreement, by or on behalf of Borrower, shall inure to the benefit of the legal representatives, successors and assigns of each Lender. Without limiting the foregoing, Borrower s obligations under Section 5.20 and Section 5.21 shall survive repayment of the Loan and exercise by Collateral Agent or any Lender of any rights or remedies under the Loan Documents. 
 Borrower shall cooperate with Lenders in furnishing such information and providing such other assistance and reports as a Lender may reasonably request in connection with any participation, transfer, assignment or sale. In addition, Borrower acknowledges that a Lender may release or disclose to potential purchasers, transferees, assignees, investors, servicers, or participants of the Loan, who agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions set forth under Section 9.25, or to rating agencies, originals or copies of the Loan Documents, title information, engineering reports, financial statements, operating 
 86 

statements, value reports, Leases, and all other materials, documents and information in such Lender s possession or which such Lender is entitled to receive under the Loan Documents with respect to the Loan, any Relevant Party, Manager or the Properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall disclose any of the information described in the prior sentence to a Prohibited Assignee. 
 Section 9.3. Governing Law . 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT WAS NEGOTIATED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND MADE BY LENDERS AND ACCEPTED BY BORROWER IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE PROCEEDS OF THE NOTE DELIVERED PURSUANT HERETO WERE DISBURSED FROM THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHICH STATE THE PARTIES AGREE HAS A SUBSTANTIAL RELATIONSHIP TO THE PARTIES AND TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION EMBODIED HEREBY, AND IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE (PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) AND ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTE, EXCEPT FOR MATTERS RELATING TO THE CREATION, PERFECTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF A LIEN OR SECURITY INTEREST CREATED PURSUANT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS NOT GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST A LENDER OR BORROWER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (OTHER THAN ANY ACTION IN RESPECT OF THE CREATION, PERFECTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF A LIEN OR SECURITY INTEREST CREATED PURSUANT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS NOT GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) MAY AT A LENDER S OPTION BE INSTITUTED IN ANY FEDERAL OR STATE COURT IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF NEW YORK, PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND BORROWER WAIVES ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE BASED ON VENUE AND OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING. BORROWER AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS FOR BORROWER SET FORTH HEREIN AND WRITTEN NOTICE OF SAID SERVICE MAILED OR DELIVERED TO BORROWER IN THE MANNER PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON BORROWER IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BORROWER SHALL GIVE PROMPT NOTICE TO LENDERS OF ANY CHANGE IN THE ADDRESS FOR BORROWER SET FORTH HEREIN. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF LENDERS TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST BORROWER IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 Section 9.4. Modifications . No modification, amendment, extension, discharge, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by any Relevant Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in a writing 
 87 

signed by the party or parties against whom enforcement is sought, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance, and for the purpose, for which given. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no notice to, or demand on, any Relevant Party shall entitle any Relevant Party to any other or future notice or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of Lenders in insisting upon strict performance of any term, condition, covenant or agreement, or exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document, shall operate as or constitute a waiver thereof, nor shall a single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other future exercise, or the exercise of any other right, power, remedy or privilege. In particular, and not by way of limitation, by accepting payment after the due date of any amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no Lender shall be deemed to have waived any right either to require prompt payment when due of all other amounts due under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or to declare a default for failure to effect prompt payment of any such other amount. Required Lenders shall have the right to waive or reduce any time periods that Lenders are entitled to under the Loan Documents in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 Section 9.5. Waiver of Trial by Jury . BORROWER AND LENDERS EACH HEREBY AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY BORROWER AND LENDERS AND IS INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE. EACH PARTY IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER. 
 Section 9.6. Headings, Schedules and Exhibits . The Article and or Section headings and the Table of Contents in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. 
 Section 9.7. Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid pursuant to all Legal Requirements, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid pursuant to Legal Requirements, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.8. Preferences . If Borrower makes a payment or payments to Lenders that is, in whole or in part, subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then, to the extent of such amount, the Obligations hereunder or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue in full force and effect, as if such amount had not been received by Lenders. 
 88 

Section 9.9. Waiver of Notice . Borrower shall not be entitled to any notices of any nature whatsoever from Lenders except with respect to matters for which this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or applicable Legal Requirements specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Lenders to Borrower and except with respect to matters for which Borrower is not, pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, permitted to waive the giving of notice. Borrower hereby expressly waives the right to receive any notice from Lenders with respect to any matter for which this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or applicable Legal Requirements do not specifically and expressly provide for the giving of notice by Lenders to Borrower. 
 Section 9.10. Remedies of Borrower . If a claim or adjudication is made that a Lender or its respective agents have acted unreasonably or unreasonably delayed acting in any case where, by law or under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, such Lender or such agent, as the case may be, has an obligation to act reasonably or promptly, neither such Lender nor its agents shall be liable for any monetary damages and Borrower s sole remedy shall be limited to commencing an action seeking injunctive relief or declaratory judgment, unless such unreasonable delay or action shall also be determined to be the result of gross negligence or willful misconduct. Any action or proceeding to determine whether a Lender has acted reasonably shall be determined by an action seeking declaratory judgment. 
 Section 9.11. Offsets, Counterclaims and Defenses . Any assignee of a Lender s interest in and to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall take the same free and clear of all offsets, counterclaims or defenses that are unrelated to the assignment of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that Borrower may otherwise have against such Lender, and no such unrelated counterclaim or defense shall be interposed or asserted by Borrower in any action or proceeding brought by any such assignee upon this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any such right to interpose or assert any such unrelated offset, counterclaim or defense in any such action or proceeding is hereby expressly waived by Borrower. Nothing set forth in this Section 9.11 shall constrain the right of Borrower to raise a defense based on payments made to Lender prior to an assignment 
 Section 9.12. No Joint Venture or Partnership No Third-Party Beneficiaries . Borrower and Lenders intend that the relationships created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents be solely that of borrower and lender. Nothing herein or therein is intended to create a joint venture, partnership, tenancy-in-common or joint tenancy relationship between Borrower, on the one hand, and Lenders, on the other hand, nor to grant Lenders any interest in any Property other than that of beneficiary or lender. The Loan Documents are solely for the benefit of Lenders and Collateral Agent, on the one hand, and Borrower on the other hand, and nothing contained in any Loan Document shall be deemed to confer upon anyone other than Lenders, Collateral Agent and Borrower any right to insist upon or to enforce the performance or observance of any of the obligations contained therein. 
 Section 9.13. Publicity . All news releases, publicity or advertising by Borrower or any of its Affiliates through any media intended to reach the general public, including, without limitation, public securities filings, which refers to the Loan Documents or the financing evidenced by the Loan 
 89 

Documents, to Lenders or their respective Affiliates (with respect to the Loan only) shall be subject to the prior written approval of each Lender. Lenders shall have the right to publicly describe the Loan, the Properties financed thereby in advertising and public communications of all kinds, including press releases, direct mail, newspapers, magazines, journals, e-mail, or internet advertising or communications. 
 Section 9.14. Waiver of Marshalling of Assets . To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, waives all rights to a marshalling of the assets of Borrower, Equity Owner and others with interests in Borrower, and of the Collateral, and shall not assert any right under any laws pertaining to the marshalling of assets, the sale in inverse order of alienation, homestead exemption, the administration of estates of decedents, or any other matters whatsoever to defeat, reduce or affect the right of Lenders under the Loan Documents to a sale by Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, of the Collateral for the collection of the Obligations without any prior or different resort for collection, or of the right of Lenders to the payment of the Obligations out of the net proceeds of the Collateral in preference to every other claimant whatsoever. 
 Section 9.15. Certain Waivers . Borrower hereby waives the right to assert a counterclaim in any action or proceeding brought against it by any Lender or its respective agents except for any compulsory counterclaim or otherwise to offset any obligations to make the payments required by the Loan Documents. No failure by a Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder shall be a valid defense to, or result in any offset against, any payments which Borrower is obligated to make under any of the Loan Documents. Without limiting any of the other provisions contained herein, Borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by any Legal Requirements, any rights it may have to claim or recover against a Lender in any legal action or proceeding any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 
 Section 9.16. Conflict Construction of Documents Reliance . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and any of the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. The parties hereto acknowledge that they were represented by competent counsel in connection with the negotiation, drafting and execution of the Loan Documents and that such Loan Documents shall not be subject to the principle of construing their meaning against the party which drafted same. Borrower acknowledges that, with respect to the Loan, Borrower shall rely solely on its own judgment and advisors in entering into the Loan, without relying in any manner on any statements, representations or recommendations of any Lender or any parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of any Lender. No Lender shall be subject to any limitation whatsoever in the exercise of any rights or remedies available to it under any of the Loan Documents or any other agreements or instruments which govern the Loan by virtue of the ownership by it or any parent, subsidiary or Affiliate of such Lender of any equity interest any of them may acquire in Borrower, and Borrower hereby irrevocably waives the right to raise any defense or take any action on the basis of the foregoing with respect to such Lender s exercise of any such rights or remedies. Borrower acknowledges that each Lender and its Affiliates engage in the business of real estate financings and other real estate transactions and investments which may be viewed as adverse to or competitive with the business of Borrower or its Affiliates. 
 90 

Section 9.17. Brokers and Financial Advisors . Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold each Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses of any kind (including such Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and expenses of outside counsel) in any way relating to or arising out of a claim by any Person that such Person acted on behalf of Borrower or any of their Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. The provisions of this Section 9.17 shall survive the expiration and termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Obligations. 
 Section 9.18. Prior Agreements . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents contain the entire agreement of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective Affiliates in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and all prior agreements among or between such parties, including any confidentiality agreements or any similar agreements between or among any such parties, whether oral or written, are superseded by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Section 9.19. Creation of Security Interest . Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Note, the Mortgages or any of the other Loan Documents, each Lender may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its respective rights under this Agreement, the Note, the Mortgages and any other Loan Document in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Section 9.20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Section 9.21. Set-Off . In addition to any rights and remedies of Lenders provided by this Agreement and by law, each Lender has the right in its sole discretion, upon any amount becoming due and payable by Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any Affiliate thereof to or for the credit or the account of Borrower provided, however, a Lender may only exercise such right during the continuance of an Event of Default. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify Borrower after any such set-off and application made by such Lender provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
 Section 9.22. Lenders Discretion . Whenever pursuant to this Agreement or any Loan Document (a) a Lender has any right to approve or disapprove any matter or grant any consent or waiver, (b) a Lender is entitled to make any determination, or (c) any matter is to be satisfactory to a Lender, then unless otherwise specifically provided in a section of this Agreement, such Lender shall have the right to so approve, disapprove, grant or withhold, determine, or be satisfied or unsatisfied, as applicable, in its sole discretion, and any such decision and shall be final and conclusive. 
 Section 9.23. Servicer . At the option of Required Lenders, the Loan may be serviced by a servicer (the Servicer selected by Required Lenders, and Lenders may delegate all or any portion of their rights or responsibilities under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to such Servicer 
 91 

pursuant to a servicing agreement (the Servicing Agreement ). Borrower shall pay Servicer directly or, at Required Lender s sole option, reimburse Lenders, for the fees and out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any Servicer as set forth on Schedule VIII. As of the Closing Date, the Servicer shall be Midland Loan Services, a division of PNC Bank, National Association. 
 Without limiting the foregoing and subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, Servicer shall have the right to exercise all rights of Lenders and to enforce all obligations of Borrower and other Persons pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents. 
 Borrower shall deliver to Servicer at the address set forth on Schedule X duplicate copies of all notices, documents and other instruments which Borrower may or shall be required to deliver to Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, the Note and the other Loan Documents (and no delivery of such notices, documents or other instruments by Borrower to Lenders shall be of any force or effect unless such duplicates are simultaneously delivered to Servicer). 
 Section 9.24. Usury Savings . Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, if by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, Borrower is at any time required to pay interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance at a rate in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to the Maximum Legal Rate and all previous payments in excess of the Maximum Legal Rate shall be deemed to have been payments in reduction of principal and not on account of the interest due hereunder. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Lenders for the use, forbearance, or detention of the sums due under the Loan, shall, to the extent permitted by Legal Requirements, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full stated term of the Loan until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of the Loan does not exceed the Maximum Legal Rate from time to time in effect and applicable to the Loan for so long as the Loan is outstanding. 
 Section 9.25. Confidentiality . Each Lender agrees that any statements relating to a Relevant Party and any proprietary information relating to the business of Borrower or the Properties received from Borrower (the Borrower Confidential Information and Borrower agrees that any information relating to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (the Lender Confidential Information and, together with Borrower Confidential Information, the Confidential Information shall be maintained by a Lender or Borrower, as applicable, as confidential, except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and instructed to keep such Confidential Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to the extent required by applicable Legal Requirements or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (e) subject to an agreement containing provisions no less restrictive than those of this Section to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of a Lender s rights or obligations under this 
 92 

Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty, servicer, rating agency or trustee (or their respective advisors) to any swap, derivative transaction or securitization transaction relating to Borrower and its obligations, (f) with the written consent of Borrower (in the case of Borrower Confidential Information) or with the written consent of Required Lenders (in the case of Lender Confidential Information) or (g) to the extent such Confidential Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Borrower, Manager or their respective Affiliates (in the case of Borrower Confidential Information) or from a source other than a Lender or its respective Affiliates (in the case of Lender Confidential Information). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential Information shall not include information that (i) is or becomes publicly available, other than as a result of acts by Lenders or Borrower in breach of this Section 9.25 or through illegal or improper disclosure by a third party, (ii) is in such Person s possession prior to disclosure by the disclosing party and is not subject to any prior confidentiality agreement, (iii) is disclosed to such Person by a third party on a non-confidential basis, provided that the source of such information, to the best of the disclosing Person s knowledge, did not obtain the information improperly and is not prohibited from transmitting such information by a contractual, legal, the disclosing party without the aid, application or use of the Confidential Information, (v) has been approved for release by prior authorization of the non-disclosing party, or (vi) is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements. 
 In the event that a Lender or Borrower receives a request to disclose all or any part of the Confidential Information under the terms of a subpoena or other order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by another governmental agency, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any stock exchange or any similar organization or regulatory or quasi-regulatory body, such Person may comply with the order, however before complying such Person shall, to the extent practicable and legally permitted, (i) promptly notify the other party of the existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such a request, (ii) consult with the other party on the advisability of taking reasonable steps to resist or narrow such request, at the other party s expense (iii) if disclosure of such Confidential Information is required, furnish only such portion of the Confidential Information as such Person are advised by counsel (which may be an in-house counsel) is legally required to be disclosed, and (iv) provide the other party sufficient opportunity and reasonably cooperate, at such other party s expense, with any action reasonably requested by such other party in its efforts to obtain an order preventing such disclosure or providing reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to such portion of the Confidential Information that is required to be disclosed. 
 Section 9.26. Principles of Construction . All references to sections, schedules and exhibits are to sections, schedules and exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Unless otherwise specified, the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof or thereof. When used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the word including means including but not limited to. Unless otherwise specified, all meanings attributed to defined terms herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms so defined. References herein to any Loan Document include such document as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 93 

Borrower shall be deemed to have knowledge of a fact or matter if any officer, director or manager of any Relevant Party has actual (and not constructive) knowledge thereof. 
 ARTICLE X COLLATERAL AGENT 
 Section 10.1 Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or authorized to act for, any other Lender. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. 
 Section 10.2 Each Lender, by signing this Agreement (i) represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold its portion of the Loan hereunder and (ii) expressly acknowledges that neither any other Lender nor any of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any other Lender hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Relevant Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Lender. Each Lender shall, independently and without reliance upon any other Lender and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 
 Section 10.3 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association has been appointed Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders hereunder pursuant to the Collateral Agency Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that any authority conferred upon Collateral Agent hereunder is subject to the terms of the delegation of authority made by Lenders to Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency Agreement, and that Collateral Agent has agreed to act (and any successor Collateral Agent shall act) as such hereunder only on the express conditions contained in the Collateral Agency Agreement (including the rights and protections of Collateral Agent thereunder). Any successor Collateral Agent appointed pursuant to the Collateral Agency shall be entitled to all the rights, interests and benefits of Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 Section 10.4 Collateral Agent is a representative of Lenders within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the UCC. Lenders hereby authorize and direct Collateral Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents and the other Loan Documents and to take all action contemplated by such documents. Lenders agree that they shall not have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by Collateral Agent (for the benefit of Lenders) upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Obligations, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency Agreement, Collateral Agent shall be authorized, and shall be granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of Lenders any Collateral Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of Collateral Agent on behalf of Lenders. Lenders have authorized Collateral Agent to release any Lien granted to or held by Collateral Agent upon any Collateral (i) as expressly described herein (ii) as permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document or (iii) if 
 94 

approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (unless such release is required to be approved by all of Lenders hereunder). Upon request by Collateral Agent at any time, Lenders will confirm in writing Collateral Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant hereto. 

NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE 
 95 

The parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their duly authorized representatives, all as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 MLIC LENDER 
 
 METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a New York corporation 
 
 By MetLife Investment Management, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By Name Michael Finn 
 Its Authorized Signatory 

MTLIC LENDER 
 
 METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a Nebraska corporation 
 
 By MetLife Investment Management, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By Name Michael Finn 
 Its Authorized Signatory 

BORROWER 
 
 VB TEN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By 
 Name Paul Richards 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

JOINDER 
 
 Each of the undersigned Equity Owner and Parent hereby joins in the execution and delivery of this Agreement and hereby 
 
 (a) represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document and applicable to it is true and correct as of the date hereof and 
 
 (b) agrees to be bound by all of the covenants and agreements set forth in Article V of the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document applicable to it. 
 
 The existence and provisions of this Joinder shall in no event be interpreted to imply recourse against any of the Equity Owner or Parent under the Loan Documents except as otherwise explicitly set forth in the Loan Documents. 
 
 EQUITY OWNER 
 
 VB TEN EQUITY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By 
 Name Paul Richards 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 PARENT 
 
 VINEBROOK HOMES TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation 

By 
 Name Brian Mitts 
 Title President 

EXHIBIT A 
 INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS 
 (a) Borrower shall obtain and maintain, at its sole cost and expense for the term of this Agreement or cause to be maintained, insurance for Borrower and the Properties providing at least the following coverages 
 (i) comprehensive all risk or special causes of loss form insurance, as is available in the insurance market as of the Closing Date, on the Properties (A) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the full replacement cost , which for purposes of this Agreement means actual replacement value of the Properties, subject to a loss limit equal to Fifty Million and No 100ths Dollars 50,000,000.00) per occurrence (B) containing an agreed amount endorsement with respect to the Improvements and personal property at any Property waiving all co insurance provisions or to be written on a no co insurance form and (C) providing for no deductible in excess of Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) (it being understood that, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (1) Borrower may utilize a Three Million and No 100ths Dollars 3,000,000.00) aggregate deductible stop loss subject to a Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) per occurrence deductible and a Twenty-Five Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 25,000.00) maintenance deductible following the exhaustion of the aggregate, (2) the aggregate stop loss does not apply to any losses arising from named windstorm, earthquake or flood, (3) the perils of named windstorm and the peril of other wind and hail shall be permitted to have a minimum deductible of One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00) per occurrence for any and all affected Properties, except that the permitted minimum deductible for the named windstorm peril shall be permitted to (a) have a per occurrence deductible in certain Tier 1 locations in Texas of three percent (3.0 of the total insurable value of the affected Properties, (b) have a per occurrence deductible for properties in Florida of five percent (5.0 of the total insurable value of the affected Properties, and (c) have a per occurrence deductible in certain Tier 1 locations from Georgia to Virginia of two percent (2.0 of the total insurable value of the affected Properties (each with a minimum deductible of One Hundred Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 100,000.00) per occurrence for any and all affected Properties), and (4) the perils of flood shall be permitted to have a minimum deductible of Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 50,000.00) for any and all affected Properties, except that the perils of special flood shall be permitted to have a minimum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No 100ths Dollars 250,000.00) per occurrence for any and all affected Properties, In addition, Borrower shall obtain (x) flood insurance in an amount equal to Five Million and No 100ths Dollars 5,000,000.00) applying per occurrence and in the aggregate, and (y) with respect to named storm insurance the greater of (1) the amount of coverage in place on the Closing Date and (2) the greater of (i) coverage in an amount equal to the Probable Maximum Loss (PML) or Scenario Expected Limit (SEL) based upon a storm risk analysis for a 475 year event for the entire portfolio at risk or (ii) one hundred percent 100 of Gross Loss Probable Maximum Loss (Gross Loss PML) or Scenario Expected Limit (SEL) based upon a storm risk analysis for a 10,000-year event for the entire portfolio at risk (such analysis to be secured by Borrower using a third-party firm qualified to perform such named storm risk analysis using the most current RMS software, or its equivalent, to include consideration of storm surge, if applicable, and loss amplification, at the expense of Borrower at least two (2) times per year or more frequently as may reasonably be requested by Required Lenders and shared with all Lenders) provided, that such flood, earth movement and named storm insurance shall otherwise be on terms consistent with the comprehensive all risk insurance policy required under this Section (a)(i). In addition, Borrower shall obtain the flood insurance coverage described in subclause (x) above for a Property if any portion of such Property is currently or at any time in the future located in a federally designated special flood hazard area, flood hazard insurance or its equivalent in an amount equal to the maximum amount of such insurance available under the 

National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 or the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, as each may be amended 
 (ii) business income or rental loss insurance, written on an Actual Loss Sustained Basis (A) with loss payable to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders (B) covering all risks required to be covered by the insurance provided for in Section (a)(i), (iii), (iv) and (viii) (C) in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the aggregate projected net income plus continuing expenses from the operation of the Properties for a period of at least twelve (12) months after the date of the Casualty and (D) containing an extended period of indemnity endorsement which provides that after the physical loss to the Improvements and personal property at a Property has been repaired, the continued loss of income will be insured until such income either returns to the same level it was at prior to the loss, or the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date that the applicable Property is repaired or replaced and operations are resumed, whichever first occurs, and notwithstanding that the policy may expire prior to the end of such period. The amount of such business income or rental loss insurance shall be determined prior to the Closing Date and at least once each year thereafter based on Borrower s reasonable estimate of the net income from each Property for the succeeding twelve (12) month period. All proceeds payable to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders pursuant to this subsection shall be held in the Casualty and Condemnation Subaccount and disbursed to the Cash Management Account during the month to which such proceeds relate (or in the month received if such proceeds relate to a month prior to the month in which such proceeds were received) provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to relieve Borrower of their obligation to pay the Obligations on the respective dates of payment provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents except to the extent such amounts are actually paid out of the proceeds of such business income insurance 
 (iii) at all times during which structural construction, repairs or renovations are being made with respect to any Property, and only if each of the property coverage form and the liability insurance coverage form does not otherwise apply, (A) owner s contingent or protective liability insurance, otherwise known as Owner Contractor s Protective Liability (or its equivalent), covering claims not covered by or under the terms or provisions of the above mentioned commercial general liability insurance policy and (B) the insurance provided for in Section (a) written in a so-called builder s risk completed value form including coverage for all insurable hard and soft costs of construction (x) on a non-reporting basis, (y) against all risks insured against pursuant to Section (a)(i), (iii), (iv) and (viii), (z) including permission to occupy such Property and (C) with an agreed amount endorsement waiving co-insurance provisions 
 (iv) commercial general liability insurance against claims for personal injury, bodily injury, death or property damage occurring upon, in or about any Property, such insurance (A) to be on the so-called occurrence form with a combined limit of not less than One Million and No 100 Dollars 1,000,000.00) per occurrence Two Million and No 100 Dollars 2,000,000.00) in the aggregate per location and overall Twenty Million and No 100 Dollars 20,000,000.00) in the aggregate (B) to continue at not less than the aforesaid limit until required to be changed by Required Lenders in writing by reason of changed economic conditions making such protection inadequate and (C) to be at least as broad as Insurance Services Offices (ISO) policy form CG 00 01 
 (v) if applicable, automobile liability coverage for all owned and non-owned vehicles, including rented and leased vehicles, containing minimum limits per occurrence of One Million and No 100 Dollars 1,000,000.00) 
 (vi) if applicable, worker s compensation subject to the worker s compensation laws of the applicable state, and employer s liability in amounts reasonably acceptable to Required Lenders 

(vii) umbrella and excess liability insurance in an amount not less than Ten Million and No 100 Dollars 10,000,000.00) per occurrence and in the aggregate on terms consistent with the commercial general liability insurance policy required under Section (a)(iv), and including employer liability and automobile liability, if applicable and 
 (viii) upon sixty (60) days written notice, such other reasonable insurance, and in such reasonable amounts as Required Lenders from time to time may reasonably request against such other insurable hazards which at the time are commonly insured against for properties similar to the Properties located in or around the region in which Properties are located. 
 (b) All Policies required pursuant hereto shall (i) be obtained under valid and enforceable policies (collectively, the Policies or in the singular, the Policy ), and shall be subject to the approval of Required Lenders as to insurance companies, amounts, deductibles, loss payees and insureds and (ii) be issued by financially sound and responsible insurance companies authorized to do business in the states where the applicable Properties are located and having a rating of A3 or better by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of A- or better by S&P or Fitch provided, however, that if Borrower elects to have its insurance coverage provided by a syndicate of insurers, then, if such syndicate consists of five (5) or more members, (A) at least sixty percent (60 of the insurance coverage (or seventy-five percent (75 if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) and one hundred percent (100 of the first layer of such insurance coverage shall be provided by insurance companies having a rating of A3 or better by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of A- or better by S&P or Fitch and (B) the remaining forty percent (40 of the insurance coverage (or the remaining twenty-five percent (25 if such syndicate consists of four (4) or fewer members) shall be provided by insurance companies having a rating of Baa2 by Moody s or, if Moody s does not provide a rating of an applicable insurance company, a rating of BBB or better by S&P or Fitch 
 (c) All Policies of insurance provided for in Section (a), except for the Policies referenced in Section (a)(vi), shall contain clauses or endorsements to the effect that 
 (i) no act or negligence of Borrower, or anyone acting for Borrower, or of any Tenant or other occupant, or failure to comply with the provisions of any Policy, which might otherwise result in a forfeiture of the insurance or any part thereof, shall in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the insurance as far as Lenders are concerned 
 (ii) the Policy shall not be canceled without at least thirty (30) days written notice to Lenders and any other party named therein as an additional insured (other than in the case of non-payment in which case only ten (10) days prior notice, or the shortest time allowed by applicable Legal Requirement (whichever is longer), will be required) and shall not be materially changed (other than to increase the coverage provided thereby) without such a thirty (30) day notice 
 (iii) Lenders shall not be liable for any Insurance Premiums thereon or subject to any assessments thereunder and 
 (iv) the issuers thereof shall give notice to Lenders if a Policy has not been renewed ten (10) days prior to its expiration. 
 (d) Certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies shall be delivered to Lenders on the Closing Date with respect to the current Policies. Further, not less than ten (10) days prior to the expiration dates of the Policies theretofore furnished to Lenders, Borrower shall deliver to Lenders certificates of insurance evidencing the Policies (and, upon the written request of Required Lenders, 

copies of such Policies) accompanied by evidence satisfactory to Required Lenders of payment of the premiums due thereunder (the Insurance Premiums ). 
 (e) Any blanket insurance Policy shall otherwise provide the same protection as would a separate Policy insuring only the Properties in compliance with the provisions of Section (a) (any such blanket policy, an Acceptable Blanket Policy ). 
 (f) All Policies of insurance provided for or contemplated by Section (a), except for the Policy referenced in Section (a)(iv), shall name Borrower as the insured and Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, and their respective successors and or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as their interests may appear, and in the case of property damage, boiler and machinery, windstorm and flood insurance, shall contain a standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, and their respective successors and or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as their interests may appear providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Lenders unless below the threshold for Borrower to handle such claim without Lenders intervention. Additionally, if Borrower obtains property insurance coverage in addition to or in excess of that required by Section (a)(i), then such insurance policies shall also contain a standard non-contributing mortgagee clause in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Lenders, and their respective successors and or assigns as mortgagee and loss payee, as their interests may appear providing that the loss thereunder shall be payable to Lender. 
 (g) If at any time Lenders are not in receipt of written evidence that all insurance required hereunder is in full force and effect, Lenders shall have the right, without notice to Borrower, to take such action as Required Lenders deem necessary to protect Lenders interest in the Properties, including, without limitation, the obtaining of such insurance coverage as Required Lenders in their sole discretion deems appropriate after three (3) Business Days notice to Borrower if prior to the date upon which any such coverage will lapse or at any time Required Lenders deem necessary (regardless of prior notice to Borrower) to avoid the lapse of any such coverage. All premiums incurred by Lenders in connection with such action or in obtaining such insurance and keeping it in effect shall be paid by Borrower to Lenders upon demand and, until paid, shall be secured by the Collateral Documents and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 
 In the event of foreclosure of the pledge of the equity interests in Borrower pursuant to the Equity Owner Security Agreement (or foreclosure of any Mortgages), the Policies shall remain in full force and effect. 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF REQUEST FOR RELEASE 
 ________ 22, 20 _ 
 To Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company (collectively, with their respective successors and assigns, Lenders 
 From VB Ten, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and assigns, collectively, Borrower 
 Re Loan Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2024, by and among Borrower and Lenders (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement . 
 Borrower hereby gives notice of its intent to Transfer each of the Properties listed on Schedule I hereto (collectively, the Release Properties ). In connection with such Transfer, Borrower hereby certifies, as of the date hereof, the following 
 (a) enclosed herewith are true, correct and complete copies of each material agreement relating to the proposed Transfer, including any HUD-1 or other closing statements 
 (b) Annex I hereto sets forth for each Release Property the following (i) gross sales price (including any earnest money, down payment or similar deposit included in the total sales price paid by the purchaser of such Release Property), (ii) Transfer Expenses, (iii) Transfer Proceeds and (iv) the applicable Release Amount 
 (c) the date of the proposed Transfer (the Transfer Date is _________ , 20 _ 
 (d) Borrower has not previously submitted a Request for Release applicable to the calendar month that includes the proposed Transfer Date 
 (e) as set forth on Annex II hereto, the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date, after giving pro forma effect for the elimination of the Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the applicable Release Property and the reduction of Debt Service as determined by Required Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(d) is at least the greater of (i) the Required DSCR and (ii) the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 (f) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing other than a Qualified Release Property Default that will be cured as a result of the release of the Release Properties and 
 (g) the Release Property is being Transferred to a Person who is not a Relevant Party or an Affiliate of a Relevant Party, pursuant to a bona fide all-cash sale on arms-length terms and conditions the Transfer of the Release Property will cure a Qualified Release Property Default and the Release Property is being Transferred to an Affiliate of Borrower or Equity Owner (but not a direct or indirect subsidiary of Borrower), for cash consideration equal to not less than the appraised value of the Release Property, as determined by Required Lenders . 
 Borrower hereby requests that Required Lenders direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute and deliver to Borrower a release of such Release Properties. 

Borrower has caused this certificate to be executed on its behalf this 22 day of ____________ , 20 _ . 
 VB Ten, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By Name Title 

ANNEX I 
 PROPERTIES TO BE TRANSFERRED 
 Unit Number Property Address Gross Transfer Proceeds Transfer Expenses Transfer Proceeds Applicable Release Amount 

ANNEX II 
 CALCULATION OF PRO FORMA DEBT SERVICE COVERAGE RATIO 
 A. Numerator calculation 1. Underwritten Net Cash Flow as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 _______________ 2. Underwritten Net Cash Flow for the Release Properties as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 _______________ 3. Line A1 minus Line A2 (pro forma Underwritten Net Cash Flow) 
 _______________ B. Denominator calculation 1. Prior 12 months of Monthly Debt Service Payment (or multiplied by twelve (12), if applicable) 
 _______________ C. Pro Forma Debt Service Coverage Ratio 1. (Line A3 Line B1) 
 _____ 1.00 2. Required DSCR 
 1.20 1.00 3. Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Calculation Date 
 _____ 1.00 

EXHIBIT C 
 DEFINITION OF SPECIAL PURPOSE ENTITY 
 Borrower hereby represents and warrants to, and covenants with, Lenders that since the date of the formation of Borrower and Equity Owner, each such party has complied with the following and at all times on and after the Closing Date and until such time as the Obligations shall be paid and performed in full Borrower shall, and shall cause Equity Owner to, comply with the following 
 (a) Borrower (i) is and will be organized solely for the purpose of acquiring, renovating, rehabilitating, owning, holding, selling, leasing, transferring, exchanging, managing and operating the Properties, entering into the Loan Documents to which it is a party, refinancing the Properties in connection with a permitted repayment of the Loan and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, and (ii) does not own, and will not own any asset or property other than (A) the Properties, and (B) incidental personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of the Properties. 
 (b) Equity Owner (i) is and will be organized solely for the purpose of acting as the Sole Member of Borrower, executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party and transacting lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing, and (ii) does not own, and will not own any asset or property other than its membership interest in Borrower. 
 (c) Borrower has not engaged and will not engage in any business other than the acquisition, renovation, rehabilitation, ownership, management and operation of the Properties and Borrower will conduct and operate its business as presently conducted and operated. 
 (d) Equity Owner has not engaged and will not engage in any business other than acting as the member of Borrower and Equity Owner will conduct and operate its business as presently conducted and operated. 
 (e) Each Loan Party has not and will not enter into any contract or agreement with any Affiliate of such Loan Party except upon commercially reasonable terms and conditions that are comparable to those of an arms-length basis with third parties other than any such party. 
 (f) No Loan Party has incurred and will not incur any Indebtedness other than, with respect to Borrower, Permitted Indebtedness, and with respect to Equity Owner, Equity Owner Permitted Indebtedness, and no Loan Party has granted a security interest in or lien over any of its assets to secure any Indebtedness. Except with respect to Permitted Liens, no Indebtedness other than the Debt may be secured (senior, subordinate or pari passu) by the Collateral. 
 (g) Each Loan Party has not made and will not make any loans or advances to any third party (including any Affiliate or constituent party), other than Restricted Junior Payments permitted pursuant to Section 5.28, and has not and shall not acquire obligations or securities of its Affiliates. 
 (h) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has been, is, and intends to remain solvent and each Loan Party has paid and intends to pay its debts and liabilities (including, as applicable, shared personnel and overhead expenses) from its assets provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (i) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has done or caused to be done, and will do, all things necessary to observe organizational formalities and preserve its existence, and no Loan 

Party will, nor will such Loan Party permit any Person to, (i) terminate or fail to comply with the provisions of its organizational documents, or (ii) unless (A) Required Lenders have consented and (B) such Loan Party has received an Additional Insolvency Opinion, amend, modify or otherwise change its partnership certificate, partnership agreement, articles of incorporation and bylaws, operating agreement, trust or other organizational documents. 
 (j) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has maintained and will maintain all of its books, records, financial statements and bank accounts separate from those of its Affiliates and any other Person. No Loan Party s assets will be listed as assets on the financial statement of any other Person, provided, however, that a Loan Party s assets may be included in a consolidated financial statement of its Affiliates provided that (i) appropriate notation shall be made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of such Loan Party and such Affiliates and to indicate that such Loan Party s assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of such Affiliates or any other Person, and (ii) such assets shall be listed on such Loan Party s own separate balance sheet. Except to the extent that such Loan Party is treated as a disregarded entity for tax purposes and is not required to file tax returns under applicable Legal Requirements, each Loan Party will file its own tax returns (to the extent such Loan Party is required to file any such tax returns) and will not file a consolidated, combined or unitary income tax return (as provided for in IRC Sec. 1501 or any applicable state or local law) with any other Person. Each Loan Party has maintained and shall maintain its books, records, resolutions and agreements in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (k) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has been, will be, and at all times has held and will hold itself out to the public as, a legal entity separate and distinct from any other entity (including any Affiliate of such Loan Party or any constituent party of such Loan Party), shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its status as a separate entity, shall conduct business in its own name, shall not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or department or part of the other and shall maintain and utilize separate stationery, invoices and checks bearing its own name. 
 (l) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has maintained and intends to maintain adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (m) No Loan Party or any constituent party of such Loan Party has sought or will seek or effect the liquidation, dissolution, winding up, consolidation or merger, in whole or in part, of such Loan Party. 
 (n) Other than any funds owned by Borrower and deposited into the Rent Deposit Account, no Loan Party has or will commingle the funds and other assets of such Loan Party with those of any Affiliate or constituent party or any other Person, and has held and will hold all of its assets in its own name. 
 (o) Since its date of formation, each Loan Party has and will maintain its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to segregate, ascertain or identify its individual assets from those of any Affiliate or constituent party or any other Person. 
 (p) No Loan Party has or will assume, guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person (other than other Loan Parties) and no Loan Party has or will hold itself out to be responsible for or have its credit available to satisfy the debts or obligations of any other Person (other 

than other Loan Parties), except, in each case, as contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 
 (q) The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that at all times there shall be (and each Loan Party shall at all times cause there to be) at least one (1) duly appointed Independent Director, and that such Independent Director may not be removed or replaced without Cause and unless Lenders are provided with not less than three (3) Business Days prior written notice of (i) any proposed removal of such Independent Director, together with a statement as to the reasons for such removal, and (ii) the identity of the proposed replacement Independent Director, together with a certification that such replacement satisfies the requirements set forth in the organizational documents for an Independent Director. 
 (r) The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall also provide an express acknowledgment that each Lender is an intended third-party beneficiary of the special purpose provisions of such organizational documents. 
 (s) The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that such Loan Party shall not take any action which, under the terms of such organizational document, requires a unanimous vote of the (i) the sole member of such Loan Party (the Sole Member or (ii) the board of directors of such Loan Party, unless at the time of such action there shall be at least one (1) duly appointed Independent Director has participated in such vote. The organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that actions requiring such unanimous written consent, including the Independent Director, shall include each of the following with respect to such Loan Party (each, a Material Action (A) filing or consenting to the filing of any petition, either voluntary or involuntary, to take advantage of any applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization statute, (B) seeking or consenting to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator or any similar official of such Loan Party, or a substantial part of its business, (C) making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (D) admitting in writing its inability to pay debts generally as they become due, (E) declaring or effectuating a moratorium on the payment of any obligations, or (F) taking any action in furtherance of the foregoing, provided, for purposes of clauses (D) and (F), the following shall not constitute a Material Action (1) admissions or statements which are compelled and required by law and which are true and correct, or (2) admissions or statements in writing to Lenders or any Servicer of the Loan, or in connection with any audit opinion or going concern qualification in its audited financial statements, that (x) Borrower cannot pay its Operating Expenses, (y) Borrower cannot pay Debt Service on the Loan, or (z) Borrower cannot repay or refinance the Loan on the Maturity Date. In addition, the organizational documents of each Loan Party shall provide that, when voting with respect to any matters set forth in the immediately preceding sentence of this clause (v), the Independent Director shall consider only the interests of the Loan Party including its creditors. No Loan Party shall take any of the foregoing actions without the unanimous written consent of its board of directors or its member(s) including (or together with) the Independent Director. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such documents shall expressly provide that, to the greatest extent permitted by law, except for duties to the Loan Party (including duties to equity holders solely to the extent of their respective economic interests in the Loan Party and to the Loan Party s creditors as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence), such Independent Director shall not owe any fiduciary duties to, and shall not consider, in acting or otherwise voting on any matter for which their approval is required, the interests of (aa) the Loan Party or the Loan Party s other equity holders, (bb) other Affiliates of the Loan Party, or (cc) any group of Affiliates of which the Loan Party is a part provided, however, the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing. 
 (t) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Loan Party shall be a Delaware single-member limited liability company satisfying the requirements below 

(i) the organizational documents shall provide that, as long as any portion of the Obligations remains outstanding, upon the occurrence of any event that causes the Sole Member of such limited liability company to cease to be a member of such limited liability company (other than (A) upon an assignment by Sole Member of all of its limited liability company interest in the limited liability company and the admission of the transferee, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents or (B) the resignation of Sole Member and the admission of an additional member to the limited liability company, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents), the Independent Director of such Loan Party shall, without any action of any Person and simultaneously with Sole Member ceasing to be a member of such limited liability company, automatically be admitted as members of the limited liability company (in each case, individually, a Special Member and collectively, the Special Members and shall preserve and continue the existence of the limited liability company without dissolution. The organizational documents of the limited liability company shall further provide that for so long as any portion of the Obligations is outstanding, no Special Member may resign or transfer its rights as a Special Member unless (y) a successor Special Member has been admitted to the limited liability company as a Special Member, and (z) such successor Special Member has also accepted its appointment as the Independent Director. 
 (ii) The organizational documents of the limited liability company shall provide that, as long as any portion of the Obligations remains outstanding, except as expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (x) Sole Member may not resign, and (y) no additional member shall be admitted to the limited liability company and 
 (iii) the organizational documents of the limited liability company shall provide that, as long as any portion of the Obligations remains outstanding (v) the limited liability company shall be dissolved, and its affairs shall be wound up, only upon the first to occur of the following (A) the termination of the legal existence of the last remaining member of the limited liability company or the occurrence of any other event which terminates the continued membership of the last remaining member of the limited liability company unless the business of the Loan Party is continued in a manner permitted by its operating agreement or the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the Act ), or (B) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Act (w) upon the occurrence of any event that causes the last remaining member of the limited liability company to cease to be a member of the limited liability company or that causes Sole Member to cease to be a member of the limited liability company (other than (A) upon an assignment by Sole Member of all of its limited liability company interest in the limited liability company and the admission of the transferee, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents, or (B) the resignation of Sole Member and the admission of an additional member of the limited liability company, if permitted pursuant to the organizational documents and the Loan Documents), to the fullest extent permitted by law, the personal representative of such last remaining member shall be authorized to, and shall, within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the event that terminated the continued membership of such member in the limited liability company, agree in writing (I) to continue the existence of the limited liability company, and (II) to the admission of the personal representative or its nominee or designee, as the case may be, as a substitute member of the limited liability company, effective as of the occurrence of the event that terminated the continued membership of such member in the limited liability company (x) the bankruptcy of Sole Member or a Special Member shall not cause such Sole Member or Special Member, respectively, to cease to be a member of the limited liability company and upon the occurrence of such an event, the business of the limited liability company shall continue without dissolution (y) that in the event of the dissolution of the limited liability company, the limited liability company shall conduct only such activities as are necessary to wind up its affairs (including the sale of the assets of the limited liability company in an orderly manner), and the assets of the limited liability company shall be applied in the manner, and in the order of priority, set forth in Section 18-804 of the Act and (z) that to the fullest extent permitted by law, each of Sole Member and the Special Member shall irrevocably waive any right 

or power that they might have to cause the limited liability company or any of its assets to be partitioned, to cause the appointment of a receiver for all or any portion of the assets of the limited liability company, to compel any sale of all or any portion of the assets of the limited liability company pursuant to any applicable Legal Requirements or to file a complaint or to institute any proceeding at law or in equity to cause the dissolution, liquidation, winding up or termination of the limited liability company. 
 (u) No Loan Party has permitted or will permit any Affiliate (except (i) Manager pursuant to a Management Agreement entered into in accordance with this Agreement and (ii) in such Affiliate s capacity as Managing Member of a Loan Party) or constituent party independent access to its bank accounts. 
 (v) Each Loan Party has paid and intends to pay its own liabilities and expenses, including the salaries of its own employees (if any) from its own funds, and has maintained and shall maintain a sufficient number of employees (if any) in light of its contemplated business operations provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (w) Each Loan Party has compensated and shall compensate each of its consultants and agents from its funds for services provided to it and pay from its own assets all obligations of any kind incurred provided that the foregoing shall not require any direct or indirect member, partner or shareholder of any Loan Party to make any additional capital contributions to such Loan Party. 
 (x) Each Loan Party has allocated and will allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with any Affiliate, including shared office space. 
 (y) Except in connection with the Loan or other Indebtedness paid off on the Closing Date, no Loan Party has pledged and no Loan Party will pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person. 
 (z) No Loan Party has and no Loan Party will have any obligation to indemnify its officers, directors, members or partners, as the case may be, except any such obligation that is fully subordinated to the Debt and will not constitute a claim against it if cash flow in excess of the amount required to pay the Debt is insufficient to pay such obligation. 
 (aa) If such Loan Party is (i) a limited liability company, has articles of organization, a certificate of formation and or an operating agreement, as applicable, (ii) a limited partnership, has a limited partnership agreement, or (iii) a corporation, has a certificate of incorporation or articles that, in each case, provide that such entity will not (A) dissolve, merge, liquidate, consolidate (B) sell, transfer, dispose, or encumber (except with respect to the Loan Documents) all or substantially all of its assets or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any Person or (C) engage in any other business activity, or amend its organizational documents with respect to the matters set forth on this Exhibit C without the consent of Required Lenders. 
 (ab) No Loan Party has, does or will have any of its obligations guaranteed by an Affiliate (other than by Equity Owner Guaranty and the Recourse Guaranty). 
 (ac) Since the date of its formation, each Loan Party has conducted and shall conduct its business so that the assumptions made with respect to such Loan Party in the Insolvency Opinion or any Additional Insolvency Opinion shall be true and correct in all material respects. In connection with the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby covenants and agrees that it will comply with or cause the compliance with, (i) all of the facts and assumptions (whether regarding such Loan Party or any other Persons) set forth in the Insolvency Opinion or any Additional Insolvency Opinion in all material 

respects, (ii) all of the representations, warranties and covenants in this Exhibit C in all material respects, and (iii) all of the organizational documents of such Loan Party in all material respects. 
 Cause means, with respect to the Independent Director, (i) acts or omissions by such Independent Director, that constitute willful disregard of, or gross negligence with respect to, such Independent Director s duties, (ii) such Independent Director has engaged in or has been charged with or has been indicted or convicted for any crime or crimes of fraud or other acts constituting a crime under any law applicable to such Independent Director, (iii) such Independent Director, has breached its fiduciary duties of loyalty and care as and to the extent of such duties in accordance with the terms of the applicable Loan Party s organizational documents of (iv) there is a material increase in the fees charged by such Independent Director or a material change to such Independent Director s terms of service, (v) such Independent Director is unable to perform his or her duties as Independent Director as applicable, due to death, disability or incapacity, or (vi) such Independent Director no longer meets the definition of Independent Director. 
 Independent Director means a natural person selected by the applicable Loan Party (a) with prior experience as an independent director, independent manager or independent member, (b) with at least three (3) years of employment experience, (c) who is provided by a Nationally Recognized Service Company, (d) who is duly appointed as an Independent Director and is not, will not be while serving as Independent Director (except pursuant to an express provision in the applicable Loan Party s operating agreement providing for the appointment of such Independent Director to become a special member upon the last remaining member of Borrower or Equity Owner ceasing to be a member of such Loan Party) and shall not have been at any time during the preceding five (5) years, any of the following 
 (i) a stockholder, member (other than a Special Member), director (other than as an Independent Director), officer, employee, partner, attorney or counsel of any Loan Party, any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party 
 (ii) a customer, supplier or other Person who derives any of its purchases or revenues from its activities with any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party or a creditor to any Relevant Party 
 (iii) a Person or other entity Controlling or under common Control with any such stockholder, partner, customer, supplier or other Person described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above 
 (iv) a member of the immediate family of any such stockholder, director, officer, employee, partner, customer, supplier or other Person described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above or 
 (v) employee of a law firm that has provided legal services of any kind to any Relevant Party. 
 A natural person who otherwise satisfies the foregoing definition and satisfies subparagraph (i) by reason of being the Independent Director of a special purpose entity affiliated with a Loan Party shall be qualified to serve as an Independent Director of a Loan Party, provided that the fees that such individual earns from serving as Independent Director of Affiliates of such Loan Party in any given year constitute in the aggregate less than five percent (5.0 of such individual s annual income for that year. 
 A natural person who satisfies the foregoing definition other than clause (ii) shall not be disqualified from serving as an Independent Director of a Loan Party if such individual is an independent director, independent manager or special manager provided by a Nationally Recognized Service 

Company that provides professional independent directors, independent managers and special managers and also provides other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Nationally Recognized Service Company means any of CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, National Corporate Research, Ltd., United Corporate Services, Inc., Independent Member Services LLC or such other nationally recognized company that provides independent director, independent manager or independent member services and that is reasonably satisfactory to Required Lenders, in each case that is not an Affiliate of any Relevant Party and that provides professional independent directors and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business. 

EXHIBIT D 
 FORM OF CASH MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 (Attached) 

EXHIBIT E 
 FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 Compliance Certificate 
 Borrower Letterhead 
 To Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company (collectively, with their respective successors and assigns, Lenders 
 From VB Ten, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its permitted successors and assigns, collectively, Borrower 
 Re Compliance Certificate dated _________________ , 20 _ 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2024, by and among Borrower and Lenders (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement . 
 Pursuant to Section 5.31.1(d) of the Agreement, the undersigned officer of Borrower hereby certifies that 
 1. The financial information of Borrower required to be provided for the calendar quarter year ended March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 , 2022 (the Calculation Date pursuant to Section 5.31.1 of the Agreement and the calculations attached on Schedule 1 hereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly present the financial condition of Borrower. 
 2. Such officer has reviewed the terms of the Agreement and has made, or caused to be made under his her supervision, a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and condition of Borrower during the accounting period covered by the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.31.1 of the Agreement. 
 3. Such review has not disclosed the existence on and as of the date hereof, and the undersigned does not have knowledge of the existence, as of the date hereof, of any event or condition that constitutes a Default or Event of Default, except for such conditions or events listed on Schedule 2 hereto, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under Section 8.1(n) of the Loan Agreement as demonstrated on Schedule 1 hereto. 
 4. As of the date of this Compliance Certificate, no Property is a Disqualified Property. 
 5. As of the date of this Compliance Certificate, all Property Taxes, HOA Fees and Other Charges have been paid with respect to the Properties before any such Property Taxes, HOA Fees or Other Charges became delinquent, subject to any contest conducted in accordance with Section 4.8 of the Agreement. 

6. Attached hereto as Schedule 3 is the monthly cost of the insurance required under Section 6.1 of the Agreement. 
 7. Attached hereto as Schedule 4 is a schedule of the Capital Expenditures made at each Property for (i) the calendar quarter year ended on the Calculation Date and (ii) the 12 month period ended on the Calculation Date. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW 

This Compliance Certificate is executed by the undersigned this ____ day of _____________, 20__. 
 VB Ten, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By Name Title 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Financial Covenant 
 Debt Service Coverage. The Debt Service Coverage Ratio for the 12-month period ended on the Calculation Date is calculated as follows 
 I. Debt Service Coverage Ratio. 
 A. Underwritten Net Cash Flow as of the Calculation Date ______________ B. Debt Service for such 12 month period ______________ C. Debt Service Coverage Ratio 1. (Line A Line B) _____ 1.00 2. Minimum Required _____ 1.00 

SCHEDULE 2 
 Events of Default 

SCHEDULE 3 
 Cost of Insurance 

SCHEDULE 4 
 Capital Expenditures 

EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF RENT DEPOSIT ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 (Attached) 

EXHIBIT G 
 FORM OF TENANT DIRECTION LETTER 
 ______________ , 20 _ 
 TENANT 
 Re Describe Lease (the Lease 
 To Whom It May Concern 
 Please be advised of new Lease payment instructions for your home effective immediately. All payments due under the Lease should be delivered as follows 
 (i) If by check, money order, or its equivalent, please mail such items to 
 INSERT LOCKBOX ACCT. OR CASH MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT INFO 
 Attention Facsimile No. 
 (ii) If by wire transfer to 
 INSERT LOCKBOX ACCT. OR CASH MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT INFO 
 Payee 
 ABA Routing # For Account Account # Bank Contact 
 This payment direction may not be rescinded or altered, except by a written direction signed by ____________ , its successors and or assigns or its agent. The foregoing payment direction is irrevocable, except with the written consent of our mortgagee, ____________ (or its successors or assigns), notwithstanding any future contrary request or direction from the undersigned or any other person (other than ____________ (or its successors or assigns)). 
 Thank you for your cooperation. 

Very truly yours, VB Ten, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By Name Title 

EXHIBIT H 
 Reserved 

EXHIBIT I 
 FORM OF DATA TAPE 
 to be attached 

EXHIBIT J 
 FORM OF LEASE 
 (Attached) 

EXHIBIT K 
 TARGET PROPERTY CRITERIA 
 1. The Appraised Value of such Property shall be greater than or equal to TBD , and the average Appraised Value of the Properties shall be greater than or equal to TBD . 
 
 2. Such Property has average in-place Rents sufficient such that the aggregate Rents for all Properties included as Collateral at the time of calculation divided by the number of Properties included as Collateral at the time of calculation shall be greater than or equal to TBD . 
 
 3. Such Property has square footage (i) greater than BD square feet and (ii) sufficient such that the aggregate square footage for all Properties included as Collateral at the time of calculation divided by the number of Properties included as Collateral at the time of calculation shall equal a square footage greater than or equal to TBD square feet. 
 
 4. Such Property has at least TBD bedrooms and at least TBD bathrooms. 
 
 5. Such Property is located within one of the Approved Geographies and less than fifty percent (50 of Aggregate Appraised Value shall be attributable to Properties in the top two states. 
 
 6. The inclusion of such Property as Collateral does not cause the sum of the Collateral Values of all Eligible Properties in the related MSA to exceed TBD of the Aggregate Collateral Value. 
 
 7. Approved Geographies TBD . 

SCHEDULE I 
 
 Reserved 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 DATA TAPE 
 
 1306 650012 Loan B 417 S Hampton Road, Columbus, OH 43213 144,000.00 1307 650034 Loan B 4557 Sylvan Oak Dr, Dayton, OH 45426 126,000.00 1308 650063 Loan B 10657 Deauville Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45240 162,000.00 1309 650071 Loan B 5263 Big Bend Dr, Dayton, OH 45417 144,000.00 1310 650086 Loan B 1143 S Hampton Road, Columbus, OH 43227 108,000.00 1311 650154 Loan B 2984 Ridgeway Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 84,240.00 1312 650199 Loan B 7225 Boellner Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 120,240.00 1313 650236 Loan B 6937 Gloria Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45239 123,840.00 1314 650237 Loan B 1665 Karon Drive, Columbus, OH 43219 115,200.00 1315 650292 Loan B 80 Taney Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 111,600.00 1316 650313 Loan B 831 Lyman Avenue, Columbus, OH 43205 121,680.00 1317 650330 Loan B 9063 Pallardy Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63114 111,600.00 1318 650383 Loan B 3309 Faycrest Rd, Columbus, OH 43232 136,800.00 1319 650436 Loan B 831 Hilock Rd, Columbus, OH 43207 126,000.00 1320 650464 Loan B 730 Derhake Rd, Florissant, MO 63033 99,360.00 1321 650504 Loan B 9738 Flora Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 111,600.00 1322 650567 Loan B 5804 Hinckley Ct, Dayton, OH 45424 126,000.00 1323 650645 Loan B 3568 Kenlawn St, Columbus, OH 43224 165,600.00 1324 650658 Loan B 3007 Osgood Rd W, Columbus, OH 43232 162,000.00 1325 650676 Loan B 6909 Golfway Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45239 154,800.00 1326 650680 Loan B 3037 Durham Dr, Columbus, OH 43207 133,200.00 1327 650692 Loan B 3725 Hambletonian Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 142,560.00 1328 650703 Loan B 1904 Brentnell Ave, Columbus, OH 43219 79,200.00 1329 650712 Loan B 1847 Argyle Dr, Columbus, OH 43219 90,000.00 1330 650716 Loan B 3312 Mowing Green Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 136,800.00 1331 650723 Loan B 1919 Clare Ct, Saint Louis, MO 63114 100,800.00 1332 650722 Loan B 720 W Sharon Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45240 162,000.00 1333 650736 Loan B 827 Font Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63137 75,600.00 1334 650726 Loan B 3940 Signal Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 144,000.00 1335 650748 Loan B 1600 Quendo Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63130 84,960.00 1336 650764 Loan B 1534 S Hamilton Rd, Columbus, OH 43227 136,800.00 1337 650789 Loan B 8410 Saint Clair Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45236 172,800.00 1338 650792 Loan B 3295 Hilock Place, Columbus, OH 43207 126,000.00 1339 650794 Loan B 1509 Yates Dr, Columbus, OH 43207 129,600.00 1340 650814 Loan B 431 Columbian Avenue, Columbus, OH 43223 108,000.00 1341 650824 Loan B 2455 Queenswood Dr, Columbus, OH 43219 126,000.00 1342 650832 Loan B 655 S Ogden Avenue, Columbus, OH 43204 129,600.00 1343 650838 Loan B 1211 Shady Lane Rd, Columbus, OH 43227 144,000.00 1344 650869 Loan B 2475 Navarre Road, Columbus, OH 43207 129,600.00 1345 650864 Loan B 1745 Saint Anthony Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 136,800.00 1346 650881 Loan B 9104 Delphine Ave, St Louis, MO 63114 122,400.00 1347 650894 Loan B 2408 Horning Dr, Fairfield, OH 45014 154,800.00 1348 650984 Loan B 7046 Roslyn Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 46,800.00 

1349 650979 Loan B 1643 Talisman Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63138 72,000.00 1350 651050 Loan B 249 Barto Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 52,560.00 1351 650989 Loan B 110 Saint Daniel Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 108,000.00 1352 651039 Loan B 420 Waterford Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 144,000.00 1353 651031 Loan B 11502 Las Ladera Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 113,760.00 1354 651064 Loan B 2048 Aristocrat Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 108,000.00 1355 651134 Loan B 71 Damon Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45218 151,200.00 1356 651186 Loan B 579 Judy Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45238 140,400.00 1357 651192 Loan B 4293 Ellery Dr, Columbus, OH 43227 147,600.00 1358 651202 Loan B 6258 Stella Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45224 136,800.00 1359 651217 Loan B 1312 Randomhill Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45231 180,000.00 1360 651231 Loan B 6510 Julian Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63133 86,400.00 1361 651263 Loan B 1890 Pennel Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 100,800.00 1362 680095 Loan B 4719 Section Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45212 172,800.00 1363 680038 Loan B 3418 Gamble Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 147,600.00 1364 680272 Loan B 1825 Elm Ave, Norwood, OH 45212 144,000.00 1365 744503 Loan B 624 N 41st St, Omaha, NE 68131 172,800.00 1366 680252 Loan B 2732 Ann Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63104 169,200.00 1367 736042 Loan B 1517 Rockland Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15216 147,600.00 1368 735061 Loan B 3786 East St, Pittsburgh, PA 15214 154,800.00 1369 736003 Loan B 502 Archer St, McKeesport, PA 15132 43,200.00 1370 736033 Loan B 1427 Evandale Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 54,000.00 1371 735049 Loan B 1170 Grandview Ave, Braddock, PA 15104 64,800.00 1372 651288 Loan B 8149 Allen Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 61,200.00 1373 736005 Loan B 2501 Olympia St, McKeesport, PA 15132 66,960.00 1374 680214 Loan B 1212 Kilgore Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 90,000.00 1375 680183 Loan B 10267 Coburg Lands Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 75,600.00 1376 680113 Loan B 7802 Bridgetown Rd, Cleves, OH 45002 172,080.00 1377 680110 Loan B 3353 Newbridge Drive, Cincinnati, OH 45239 126,000.00 1378 680016 Loan B 8760 Grenada Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 115,200.00 1379 710010 Loan B 405 Bellemere Rd, Blue Springs, MO 64015 140,400.00 1380 680187 Loan B 1134 Roxton Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 75,600.00 1381 680289 Loan B 60 Saint Albert Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1382 680259 Loan B 3005 Glade Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63136 65,880.00 1383 680306 Loan B 300 Rand Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 86,400.00 1384 710007 Loan B 7000 N Fisk Ave, Kansas City, MO 64151 173,520.00 1385 683012 Loan B 3516 Wheatley St, Jackson, MS 39212 54,000.00 1386 683023 Loan B 3128 Revere St, Jackson, MS 39212 100,800.00 1387 680220 Loan B 10308 Varnum Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 72,720.00 1388 680036 Loan B 8779 Neptune Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 133,200.00 1389 683005 Loan B 206 Maywood Cir, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 1390 710051 Loan B 15405 White Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 136,800.00 1391 680004 Loan B 3339 Niagara St, Cincinnati, OH 45251 133,200.00 1392 735522 Loan B 1139 Grant Ave, Duquesne, PA 15110 100,800.00 1393 680307 Loan B 1060 Saint Anthony Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 97,200.00 1394 680222 Loan B 2550 S Park Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 133,200.00 1395 680216 Loan B 11594 Altozano Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 97,200.00 1396 680234 Loan B 5125 Campfire Trl, Florissant, MO 63033 97,200.00 

1397 680019 Loan B 2284 Roxanna Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 158,400.00 1398 680155 Loan B 7774 Ravenswood Dr, Florence, KY 41042 172,800.00 1399 710041 Loan B 205 S Ranson Rd, Greenwood, MO 64034 190,800.00 1400 651436 Loan B 967 Ruby Avenue, Columbus, OH 43227 108,000.00 1401 651478 Loan B 2443 Caverhill Dr, St Louis, MO 63136 93,600.00 1402 651490 Loan B 1149 Bulen Ave, Columbus, OH 43206 154,800.00 1403 651502 Loan B 2663 Azelda Street, Columbus, OH 43211 97,200.00 1404 651497 Loan B 7016 Marlac Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 93,600.00 1405 651534 Loan B 8208 Shibler Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46219 129,600.00 1406 651576 Loan B 2540 Oakwood Manor, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1407 651649 Loan B 1700 E 76th St, Kansas City, MO 64131 136,800.00 1408 651650 Loan B 8839 Rainbow Ln, Kansas City, MO 64114 151,200.00 1409 651716 Loan B 7413 E 56th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64129 100,800.00 1410 651748 Loan B 3154 Lapland Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45239 147,600.00 1411 651806 Loan B 2240 Huntington Ave, St Louis, MO 63114 90,000.00 1412 651837 Loan B 2632 N 54th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 82,800.00 1413 651843 Loan B 1961 Stillwater Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63114 68,400.00 1414 651865 Loan B 5823 N 36th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 86,400.00 1415 651922 Loan B 4333 Saint Cecelia Ln, Saint Ann, MO 63074 97,200.00 1416 651970 Loan B 7810 Trisa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46227 165,600.00 1417 651974 Loan B 7822 Trisa Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46227 165,600.00 1418 651988 Loan B 2005 Lisa Walk Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46227 165,600.00 1419 651997 Loan B 1110 Wycomb Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 115,200.00 1420 652004 Loan B 2270 Woodland Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 82,800.00 1421 652023 Loan B 3445 N 58th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 115,200.00 1422 652071 Loan B 192 1 2 St Joseph St, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 97,920.00 1423 652066 Loan B 894 Antwerp Rd, Columbus, OH 43213 124,560.00 1424 652064 Loan B 4265 E Livingston Ave, Columbus, OH 43227 128,880.00 1425 652060 Loan B 1351 Cunard Rd, Columbus, OH 43227 151,200.00 1426 652134 Loan B 2442 Mary Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63136 54,000.00 1427 652291 Loan B 10311 Eaglewood Ave, St Louis, MO 63114 108,000.00 1428 652337 Loan B 4457 N Audubon Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46226 115,200.00 1429 652414 Loan B 3330 Augusta Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 140,400.00 1430 652424 Loan B 3254 Chicory Creek Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 1431 652434 Loan B 4930 N 19th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 90,000.00 1432 652431 Loan B 10507 Tate Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 93,600.00 1433 652459 Loan B 2402 N 54th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 140,400.00 1434 652509 Loan B 4616 Redwood Dr, Fairfield, OH 45014 165,600.00 1435 652582 Loan B 108 W Columbia Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45215 146,160.00 1436 652597 Loan B 2944 Dodds Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15216 172,800.00 1437 652604 Loan B 120 Wacker Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 75,600.00 1438 652606 Loan B 2710 Longcoy St, little rock, AR 72204 108,000.00 1439 652611 Loan B 4404 Childress Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 140,400.00 1440 652617 Loan B 236 Hulton Rd, Verona, PA 15147 115,200.00 1441 652618 Loan B 5516 Lunsford Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46237 187,200.00 1442 652621 Loan B 8214 W Sheridan Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 144,000.00 1443 652638 Loan B 610 Maplehurst Dr, N Versailles, PA 15137 86,400.00 1444 652723 Loan B 603 Hazel St, West Mifflin, PA 15122 90,000.00 

1445 652704 Loan B 1630 Leolyn St, Carrick, PA 15210 93,600.00 1446 652741 Loan B 3311 Mowing Green Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 1447 652747 Loan B 9910 Bradley Dr, little rock, AR 72209 87,840.00 1448 652769 Loan B 5167 N 55th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 100,800.00 1449 652777 Loan B 67 S Floridale Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 86,400.00 1450 652785 Loan B 117 Bayview Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 100,800.00 1451 652848 Loan B 2262 Crandell Dr, St Louis, MO 63136 111,600.00 1452 652874 Loan B 2920 Lakewood Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 72,000.00 1453 652868 Loan B 2504 Upper Dr, Jackson, MS 39208 108,000.00 1454 652904 Loan B 4113 Will O Run Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 79,200.00 1455 652914 Loan B 1535 Winchester St, Jackson, MS 39211 108,000.00 1456 652921 Loan B 5160 Lurline Dr, Jackson, MS 39204 54,000.00 1457 652953 Loan B 367 Conniston Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 108,720.00 1458 653013 Loan B 4626 W Hale Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53216 118,800.00 1459 653006 Loan B 4293 Alex Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 158,400.00 1460 653056 Loan B 6101 E 148th Ter, Grandview, MO 64030 129,600.00 1461 653083 Loan B 428 S Belview Ave, Canton, MS 39046 144,000.00 1462 653089 Loan B 2020 N Fairhaven Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 147,600.00 1463 653093 Loan B 7001 Summerdale Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 151,200.00 1464 653104 Loan B 2285 Newgate Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 114,480.00 1465 653141 Loan B 1841 James Rd, Memphis, TN 38127 79,200.00 1466 653218 Loan B 3 Hitching Post Rd, Englewood, OH 45322 122,400.00 1467 653227 Loan B 6015 Kentucky Ave, Raytown, MO 64133 151,200.00 1468 653229 Loan B 2533 Beechcrest Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46203 122,400.00 1469 653244 Loan B 7306 James A Reed Rd, Kansas City, MO 64133 165,600.00 1470 653349 Loan B 1623 Wilhurst St, Jackson, MS 39211 118,800.00 1471 653368 Loan B 5317 Norcroft Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46221 172,800.00 1472 653389 Loan B 3854 Kerwin Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 93,600.00 1473 653397 Loan B 124 Elm Hill Dr, Dayton, OH 45415 100,800.00 1474 653409 Loan B 1912 S 72nd St, West Allis, WI 53219 108,000.00 1475 653424 Loan B 537 Idlewood Rd, Penn Hills, PA 15235 108,000.00 1476 653443 Loan B 535 Collins Ave, East Pittsburgh, PA 15112 75,600.00 1477 653453 Loan B 2462 Beechcrest Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46203 136,080.00 1478 653477 Loan B 316 Highland Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 128,880.00 1479 653486 Loan B 212 W Arlee Ave, St Louis, MO 63125 115,200.00 1480 653485 Loan B 3181 Glennhaven Dr, Byram, MS 39272 158,400.00 1481 653499 Loan B 3433 Beech Grove Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 93,600.00 1482 653527 Loan B 4801 Conway Rd, Dayton, OH 45431 126,000.00 1483 653547 Loan B 6632 W 13th St, Indianapolis, IN 46214 118,800.00 1484 653559 Loan B 6064 Troy Pike, Dayton, OH 45424 122,400.00 1485 653577 Loan B 826 Catherine St, Duquesne, PA 15110 79,200.00 1486 653572 Loan B 847 Estridge Dr, Memphis, TN 38122 82,800.00 1487 653568 Loan B 958 Colgate Rd, Columbus, OH 43213 151,200.00 1488 653575 Loan B 5107 N 77th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 133,200.00 1489 653578 Loan B 358 Lime Oak Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 183,600.00 1490 653587 Loan B 7846 W Kathryn Ct, Milwaukee, WI 53218 122,400.00 1491 653599 Loan B 5304 Wagon Wheel Trl, Indianapolis, IN 46237 145,440.00 

1492 653602 Loan B 805 Sunnyview Ave, Dayton, OH 45406 79,200.00 1493 653601 Loan B 5011 Scothills Dr, Englewood, OH 45322 126,000.00 1494 653630 Loan B 1395 Standish Ave, Dayton, OH 45432 121,680.00 1495 653633 Loan B 3825 Kerston Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 97,200.00 1496 653648 Loan B 3424 N Mitchner Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 132,480.00 1497 653644 Loan B 104 W Routzong Dr, Fairborn, OH 45324 128,160.00 1498 653660 Loan B 4010 Kansas Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 122,400.00 1499 653662 Loan B 4004 Virginia Dr, North Little Rock, AR 72118 64,800.00 1500 653694 Loan B 597 S Oakley Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 111,600.00 1501 653689 Loan B 435 Macfarland Dr, Penn Hills, PA 15235 93,600.00 1502 653692 Loan B 202 Valley Ridge Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 63,360.00 1503 653714 Loan B 6800 Betts Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 140,400.00 1504 653735 Loan B 4819 N Longworth Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 144,000.00 1505 653756 Loan B 7701 Shalamar Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 129,600.00 1506 653773 Loan B 808 Greenmount Blvd, Oakwood, OH 45419 136,800.00 1507 653771 Loan B 6771 Troy Pike, Huber Heights, OH 45424 140,400.00 1508 653790 Loan B 1704 Brecon Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 140,400.00 1509 653807 Loan B 924 W South Ave, Independence, MO 64050 93,600.00 1510 653797 Loan B 4661 N 49th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 118,800.00 1511 653822 Loan B 4325 Binney St, Omaha, NE 68111 108,000.00 1512 653824 Loan B 254 Cline St, East Pittsburgh, PA 15112 115,200.00 1513 653853 Loan B 705 Summit Ave, Glassport, PA 15045 50,400.00 1514 653861 Loan B 4416 Moats Ave, Kansas City, MO 64133 144,000.00 1515 653864 Loan B 408 Kenton St, Dayton, KY 41074 136,800.00 1516 653882 Loan B 6324 N 37th St, Omaha, NE 68111 122,400.00 1517 653871 Loan B 7350 Twin Beech Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 111,600.00 1518 653878 Loan B 4448 N 77th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 111,600.00 1519 653872 Loan B 2328 Millbrook Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 89,280.00 1520 653910 Loan B 5352 N 49th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 1521 653912 Loan B 1390 E Duchesne Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 108,000.00 1522 653926 Loan B 4810 Plum Tree Cir, Hazelwood, MO 63042 144,000.00 1523 653924 Loan B 5122 Auriesville Ln, Hazelwood, MO 63042 115,200.00 1524 653925 Loan B 1960 Caposele Ln, Hazelwood, MO 63042 119,448.00 1525 653942 Loan B 2815 Tara Rd, Jackson, MS 39212 43,200.00 1526 653931 Loan B 2361 Dunkirk Dr, Columbus, OH 43219 123,840.00 1527 653943 Loan B 1171 Studer Ave, Columbus, OH 43206 140,400.00 1528 653950 Loan B 854 Cherry Ridge Dr, Clinton, MS 39056 115,200.00 1529 653953 Loan B 3723 N 58th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 115,200.00 1530 653959 Loan B 4289 Wirt St, Omaha, NE 68111 140,400.00 1531 653987 Loan B 6911 E 114th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 118,800.00 1532 653981 Loan B 5101 Palmer Dr, Kansas City, MO 64129 108,000.00 1533 653999 Loan B 2228 Chalfant St, Pittsburgh, PA 15221 108,000.00 1534 653998 Loan B 801 N Coolee Ln, Indianapolis, IN 46229 154,800.00 1535 654009 Loan B 10430 Apple Creek Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 169,200.00 1536 654015 Loan B 5710 Brandt Pike, Dayton, OH 45424 128,880.00 1537 690064 Loan B 205 Saint Madeleine Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 1538 690072 Loan B 520 Saint Edith Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 104,400.00 

1539 695003 Loan B 925 Barat Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 126,000.00 1540 695051 Loan B 805 Daniel Boone Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 96,840.00 1541 690004 Loan B 1346 Bayonne Dr, St. Louis, MO 63138 100,800.00 1542 695023 Loan B 2256 Luxmore Dr, St. Louis, MO 63136 90,000.00 1543 695059 Loan B 1560 Layven Ave, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1544 695036 Loan B 2514 Linnell Dr, St. Louis, MO 63136 100,800.00 1545 695055 Loan B 880 Lexington Park, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1546 690067 Loan B 645 Madison Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 122,400.00 1547 690039 Loan B 1195 Mullanphy Rd, Florissant, MO 63031 118,800.00 1548 690201 Loan B 14 Alandale Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1549 690002 Loan B 2725 Chelsea Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 129,600.00 1550 690205 Loan B 1375 Navajo Ln, Florissant, MO 63033 129,600.00 1551 690050 Loan B 2438 Millvalley Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 133,200.00 1552 690063 Loan B 12071 El Camara Dr, St. Louis, MO 63033 115,200.00 1553 690045 Loan B 2425 Central Parkway Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 1554 654022 Loan B 6915 Kleindale Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 111,600.00 1555 654032 Loan B 214 Skylane Dr, Pearl, MS 39208 104,400.00 1556 654050 Loan B 4269 Binney St, Omaha, NE 68111 126,000.00 1557 654051 Loan B 534 Broadway Ave, Jackson, MS 39216 176,400.00 1558 654072 Loan B 2142 Nomad Ave, Dayton, OH 45414 93,600.00 1559 654089 Loan B 2587 Nona Rd, Columbus, OH 43207 135,360.00 1560 654095 Loan B 4205 Emmet St, Omaha, NE 68111 115,200.00 1561 654094 Loan B 6009 N 36th St, Omaha, NE 68111 97,200.00 1562 654099 Loan B 4864 Jaynes St, Omaha, NE 68104 129,600.00 1563 654108 Loan B 6851 Pleasantwood Rd, Memphis, TN 38141 165,600.00 1564 654127 Loan B 113 Burton Dr, Penn Hills, PA 15235 140,400.00 1565 654135 Loan B 13711 Cypress Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 122,400.00 1566 654137 Loan B 6112 Hardy Ave, Raytown, MO 64133 111,600.00 1567 654148 Loan B 5723 Belmar Dr, Huber Heights, OH 45424 136,800.00 1568 654160 Loan B 2336 Cardinal Ave, Dayton, OH 45414 80,640.00 1569 654174 Loan B 1909 N 26th St, Omaha, NE 68111 108,000.00 1570 654175 Loan B 7508 S 41st Ave, Bellevue, NE 68147 144,000.00 1571 654214 Loan B 2475 S 65th St, Milwaukee, WI 53219 176,400.00 1572 654219 Loan B 2544 S 67th St, Milwaukee, WI 53219 162,000.00 1573 654213 Loan B 4543 N 72nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 1574 654258 Loan B 4353 N 21st St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 93,600.00 1575 654259 Loan B 7801 E 48th St, Kansas City, MO 64129 86,400.00 1576 654266 Loan B 210 S Park Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 75,600.00 1577 654268 Loan B 320 3rd Ave, Dayton, KY 41074 118,800.00 1578 654280 Loan B 369 N American Blvd, Vandalia, OH 45377 118,080.00 1579 654285 Loan B 4129 N 48th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 108,000.00 1580 654295 Loan B 4913 N 74th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 111,600.00 1581 654304 Loan B 125 Cherry St, Jacksonville, AR 72076 97,200.00 1582 654305 Loan B 32 Oakview Dr, North Little Rock, AR 72118 93,600.00 1583 654332 Loan B 1926 Pearl St, Covington, KY 41014 90,000.00 1584 654344 Loan B 1810 Holman St, Covington, KY 41014 162,000.00 1585 654336 Loan B 403 Crestview Dr, Clinton, MS 39056 115,200.00 

1586 654358 Loan B 1611 Maryland Ave, Covington, KY 41014 198,000.00 1587 654359 Loan B 3220 Cobb St, Little Rock, AR 72204 97,200.00 1588 654386 Loan B 2309 Westhaven Dr, Greensboro, NC 27403 136,800.00 1589 654388 Loan B 605 Lee Rd, Birmingham, AL 35215 122,400.00 1590 654403 Loan B 3325 Patton Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46224 120,240.00 1591 654414 Loan B 118 Brentwood Pl, Ft Thomas, KY 41075 165,600.00 1592 654407 Loan B 6664 Kenwood Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63121 79,200.00 1593 654444 Loan B 3824 Hillside Dr, North Little Rock, AR 72118 115,200.00 1594 654448 Loan B 505 Quail Hills Dr, Hopkins, SC 29061 115,200.00 1595 654479 Loan B 1014 Normandy St, Clinton, MS 39056 133,200.00 1596 654511 Loan B 5911 N 37th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 86,400.00 1597 654532 Loan B 2930 Pine Ridge Dr, Pearl, MS 39208 104,400.00 1598 654558 Loan B 1937 S 55th St, Milwaukee, WI 53219 165,600.00 1599 654540 Loan B 253 Elmdale Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 79,200.00 1600 654631 Loan B 4424 N 64th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 100,800.00 1601 654635 Loan B 3746 Northview Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 86,400.00 1602 654634 Loan B 642 E Academy St, Canton, MS 39046 86,400.00 1603 654651 Loan B 208 Spartanburg St, Greenville, SC 29607 182,880.00 1604 654660 Loan B 301 June Ave, Bessemer, AL 35023 115,200.00 1605 654671 Loan B 2409 Ruby Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 90,000.00 1606 654682 Loan B 1900 Maple Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45212 158,400.00 1607 654710 Loan B 9064 Patrick Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63114 90,000.00 1608 654729 Loan B 1909 Pine St, Covington, KY 41014 164,160.00 1609 654740 Loan B 5270 Kercheval Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 144,000.00 1610 654863 Loan B 802 Country Club Rd, Sherwood, AR 72120 144,000.00 1611 654839 Loan B 3729 Utica Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 126,000.00 1612 654860 Loan B 5638 Penn Ave, Dayton, OH 45432 118,800.00 1613 654802 Loan B 2271 Lehigh Pl, Moraine, OH 45439 133,200.00 1614 654777 Loan B 2198 Finland Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 129,600.00 1615 654781 Loan B 4539 Hannaford St, Dayton, OH 45439 113,040.00 1616 654851 Loan B 4135 Waterbury Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 126,000.00 1617 654758 Loan B 2514 Bushwick Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 126,000.00 1618 654765 Loan B 4558 Cordell Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 118,800.00 1619 654766 Loan B 2226 Mattis Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 118,800.00 1620 654809 Loan B 2014 Lynpark Ave, Dayton, OH 45439 133,200.00 1621 654788 Loan B 4760 Rolling St, Dayton, OH 45439 136,800.00 1622 654813 Loan B 2182 Mattis Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 122,400.00 1623 654867 Loan B 27 Elwood Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 1624 654861 Loan B 2320 Guernsey Dell Ave, Dayton, OH 45404 90,000.00 1625 654866 Loan B 363 Old Spanish Trl, Jackson, MS 39212 118,800.00 1626 654883 Loan B 3617 N Sadlier Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 97,200.00 1627 654870 Loan B 3990 Ark Ave, Dayton, OH 45416 90,000.00 1628 654882 Loan B 2163 Balford Sq E, Columbus, OH 43232 154,800.00 1629 654900 Loan B 5004 Mays Ave, Moraine, OH 45439 126,000.00 1630 654895 Loan B 1626 Winchester St, Jackson, MS 39211 118,800.00 1631 654905 Loan B 2338 Spencer Ln, Center Point, AL 35215 108,000.00 1632 654915 Loan B 228 N Warren Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 136,800.00 

1633 654916 Loan B 3748 Claybourne Rd, Dayton, OH 45429 187,200.00 1634 654933 Loan B 1816 Rhonda Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 108,000.00 1635 654927 Loan B 2795 Raphael Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 140,400.00 1636 654955 Loan B 4468 Barnor Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 133,200.00 1637 654961 Loan B 788 Wofford St, Spartanburg, SC 29301 120,240.00 1638 654966 Loan B 1551 Marble St, Winston Salem, NC 27107 136,800.00 1639 655040 Loan B 1400 Nashua Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 133,200.00 1640 655048 Loan B 1521 Comet Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 97,200.00 1641 655020 Loan B 1194 Trampe Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 72,000.00 1642 655138 Loan B 702 Palace Ct, Saint Louis, MO 63135 72,000.00 1643 654988 Loan B 10324 Durness Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 43,200.00 1644 655184 Loan B 8353 Buddie Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 86,400.00 1645 655045 Loan B 1500 Highmont Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 86,400.00 1646 655133 Loan B 2480 Allen Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 104,400.00 1647 655149 Loan B 2670 Northridge Pl, Florissant, MO 63033 162,000.00 1648 655174 Loan B 575 Versailles Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 104,400.00 1649 655101 Loan B 2750 Mockingbird Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 1650 655093 Loan B 2624 Eltarose Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 129,600.00 1651 655037 Loan B 1332 Columbus Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 86,400.00 1652 655047 Loan B 1505 Farmview Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 95,760.00 1653 654995 Loan B 10440 Tanner Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 97,200.00 1654 655156 Loan B 30 Cheyenne Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 140,400.00 1655 655055 Loan B 1723 Battlefield Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 122,400.00 1656 655057 Loan B 1805 Stilton Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 1657 655119 Loan B 2359 Farflung Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 144,000.00 1658 655074 Loan B 2032 Farflung Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 144,000.00 1659 655067 Loan B 2434 Wharton Ct, Florissant, MO 63031 144,000.00 1660 655162 Loan B 3234 Chicory Creek Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 1661 655185 Loan B 9157 Victory Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63136 90,000.00 1662 655116 Loan B 2345 Bensonhurst Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 136,800.00 1663 655081 Loan B 2513 Millvalley Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 1664 655100 Loan B 2248 Central Parkway Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 129,600.00 1665 655136 Loan B 2513 Littlefield Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 122,400.00 1666 655011 Loan B 2547 Millvalley Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 120,240.00 1667 655014 Loan B 2564 Littlefield Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 136,800.00 1668 655166 Loan B 3957 Max Weich Pl, Florissant, MO 63033 187,200.00 1669 655201 Loan B 4351 Boswell Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63134 100,800.00 1670 655251 Loan B 6740 N 58th St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 118,800.00 1671 655232 Loan B 5884 Pamona Pl, Dayton, OH 45459 201,600.00 1672 655282 Loan B 307 Elder St, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 104,400.00 1673 655274 Loan B 9148 Arline Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 100,800.00 1674 655283 Loan B 6644 Newbridge Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45239 125,280.00 1675 655326 Loan B 2405 N 53rd St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 72,000.00 1676 655339 Loan B 2918 E Sumner Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46237 108,000.00 1677 655333 Loan B 2013 Garr Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 126,000.00 1678 655330 Loan B 3171 Fernway Dr, Montgomery, AL 36111 140,400.00 1679 655349 Loan B 131 Sherman Ave, Hamilton, OH 45013 126,000.00 

1680 655353 Loan B 2481 Atwood Ter, Columbus, OH 43211 122,400.00 1681 655400 Loan B 3011 8th Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 111,600.00 1682 655378 Loan B 253 Glynn Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 104,400.00 1683 655394 Loan B 4237 Curtis Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 115,200.00 1684 655384 Loan B 5370 Ville Cecelia Ln, Hazelwood, MO 63042 133,200.00 1685 655406 Loan B 2708 Stewart St, McKeesport, PA 15132 82,800.00 1686 655410 Loan B 511 Boswell Rd, Bryant, AR 72022 104,400.00 1687 655424 Loan B 1172 Lawrence Dr, Columbus, OH 43207 131,760.00 1688 655448 Loan B 4156 N 45th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 118,800.00 1689 655446 Loan B 1944 Catalpa Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 120,960.00 1690 655462 Loan B 3207 Ware Rd, Augusta, GA 30909 136,800.00 1691 655480 Loan B 4420 Burrwood Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 104,400.00 1692 655497 Loan B 1115 Karl Ave, Duquesne, PA 15110 51,120.00 1693 655491 Loan B 6600 32nd St, Little Rock, AR 72204 82,800.00 1694 655483 Loan B 1118 Sykes Ave, Greensboro, NC 27405 115,200.00 1695 655518 Loan B 1411 Tamerton Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63132 113,040.00 1696 655530 Loan B 7229 Clovernook Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 122,400.00 1697 655524 Loan B 127 Sykes Park Cir, Jackson, MS 39212 54,000.00 1698 655576 Loan B 2927 N 40th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 82,800.00 1699 655567 Loan B 1616 Guyer St, High Point, NC 27265 108,000.00 1700 655559 Loan B 4960 Loch Lomond Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 122,400.00 1701 655568 Loan B 1717 5th Way NW, Center Point, AL 35215 79,200.00 1702 655604 Loan B 2823 F St, McKeesport, PA 15133 104,400.00 1703 655619 Loan B 5549 N 35th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 86,400.00 1704 655620 Loan B 5848 N 71st St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 1705 655634 Loan B 1237 Seymour Ave, Columbus, OH 43206 126,000.00 1706 655657 Loan B 4325 Redonda Ln, Dayton, OH 45416 90,000.00 1707 655670 Loan B 2631 Atwood Ter, Columbus, OH 43211 97,200.00 1708 655683 Loan B 913 Ruby Ave, Columbus, OH 43227 165,600.00 1709 655688 Loan B 4108 Apple Creek Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 151,200.00 1710 655784 Loan B 1248 Brinton Rd, Wilkinsburg, PA 15221 100,800.00 1711 655765 Loan B 46 Jean Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 104,400.00 1712 655742 Loan B 2150 Hummingbird Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 126,000.00 1713 655756 Loan B 3435 Brookshire Dr, Florissant, MO 63033 158,400.00 1714 655732 Loan B 1420 Leisure Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 131,040.00 1715 655754 Loan B 33 Fawn View Ln, O Fallon, MO 63366 198,000.00 1716 655723 Loan B 12548 Early Morning Dr, Black Jack, MO 63033 151,200.00 1717 655799 Loan B 7333 W Medford Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53218 122,400.00 1718 655808 Loan B 370 Belvidere Ave, Columbus, OH 43223 122,400.00 1719 655847 Loan B 5802 Orchard View Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 1720 655813 Loan B 2691 Woodland Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 90,000.00 1721 655814 Loan B 7420 Sharzad Pl, Indianapolis, IN 46227 144,000.00 1722 655868 Loan B 1010 Deryll St, Jackson, MS 39212 75,600.00 1723 655874 Loan B 2207 Craig Dr, Dayton, OH 45420 129,600.00 1724 655878 Loan B 11304 Greenwood Rd, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 1725 655933 Loan B 1833 Cordova Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239 115,200.00 1726 655941 Loan B 4465 N 64th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 100,800.00 

1727 655937 Loan B 2484 Aquarius Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 140,400.00 1728 655929 Loan B 3234 Cliffside Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45251 123,840.00 1729 655956 Loan B 2202 S 71st St, Milwaukee, WI 53219 172,800.00 1730 655976 Loan B 708 Ridgeside Pl, N Versailles, PA 15137 93,600.00 1731 655983 Loan B 4021 Avera Ave, Winston Salem, NC 27106 147,600.00 1732 655978 Loan B 107 Clearwater Cv, Ridgeland, MS 39157 208,800.00 1733 655995 Loan B 716 N Gossett St, Anderson, SC 29621 93,600.00 1734 655988 Loan B 1702 Carla Cv, Southaven, MS 38671 126,000.00 1735 655992 Loan B 218 Sharon Hills Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 115,200.00 1736 656000 Loan B 14 Greenway Dr, Little Rock, AR 72209 97,200.00 1737 656040 Loan B 1920 Garrard St, Covington, KY 41014 158,400.00 1738 656032 Loan B 8905 Center St, Indianapolis, IN 46234 126,000.00 1739 656014 Loan B 786 Faircloth Commons Rd, Evans, GA 30809 172,800.00 1740 656043 Loan B 2908 Meredith Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46201 100,800.00 1741 656060 Loan B 2485 Schon Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 119,520.00 1742 656047 Loan B 602 Pamela Dr, Jacksonville, AR 72076 95,040.00 1743 656065 Loan B 1923 Dabney Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 72,000.00 1744 656068 Loan B 933 N Routiers Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 90,000.00 1745 656070 Loan B 3921 Schoolfield Rd, Memphis, TN 38127 69,840.00 1746 656081 Loan B 531 Daytonia Ave, Fairborn, OH 45324 108,000.00 1747 656080 Loan B 1478 Terry Dr, Reynoldsburg, OH 43068 180,000.00 1748 656105 Loan B 40 Royal Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 126,000.00 1749 656099 Loan B 26 S Meadowcliff Dr, Little Rock, AR 72209 79,200.00 1750 656096 Loan B 149 Greenfield Ln, Pearl, MS 39208 126,000.00 1751 656150 Loan B 368 S Spencer Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 115,200.00 1752 656135 Loan B 5711 Bluebell Dr, North Little Rock, AR 72118 115,200.00 1753 656158 Loan B 2357 Devere St, Augusta, GA 30904 118,800.00 1754 656157 Loan B 1929 Roberson Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 75,600.00 1755 656190 Loan B 513 4th Ave, Dayton, KY 41074 140,400.00 1756 656180 Loan B 1928 29th Ave N, HUEYTOWN, AL 35023 86,400.00 1757 656219 Loan B 10642 Glenayr Dr, Camby, IN 46113 169,200.00 1758 656241 Loan B 7414 Cedar Knolls Dr, Dayton, OH 45424 136,800.00 1759 656248 Loan B 1102 Highridge Ave, Dayton, OH 45420 111,600.00 1760 656258 Loan B 1104 Porter St, McKeesport, PA 15132 63,360.00 1761 656251 Loan B 1877 Wooten St, Covington, TN 38019 104,400.00 1762 656285 Loan B 3617 Dubose St SW, Huntsville, AL 35805 133,200.00 1763 656266 Loan B 3348 Dale Ave, Columbus, OH 43213 111,600.00 1764 656265 Loan B 1250 Beechwood Rd, Columbus, OH 43227 144,000.00 1765 656286 Loan B 607 Fairview Ave, Prattville, AL 36066 126,000.00 1766 656271 Loan B 781 Northaven Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 82,800.00 1767 656270 Loan B 3364 Brockcrest Cv, Memphis, TN 38128 93,600.00 1768 656299 Loan B 5925 N 32nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 1769 656289 Loan B 106 Joliet Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45215 162,000.00 1770 656312 Loan B 1147 Weston St, North Augusta, SC 29841 140,400.00 1771 656321 Loan B 5550 Haverfield Rd, Dayton, OH 45432 118,800.00 1772 656320 Loan B 701 W Martindale Rd, Englewood, OH 45322 108,000.00 1773 656310 Loan B 2628 Claymont Rd, Hephzibah, GA 30815 147,600.00 

1774 656334 Loan B 5751 N 75th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 115,200.00 1775 656345 Loan B 6911 W Birch Ct, Milwaukee, WI 53218 108,000.00 1776 656337 Loan B 3438 Whitehall St, Montgomery, AL 36109 104,400.00 1777 656340 Loan B 720 Wofford Road, Spartanburg, SC 29301 122,400.00 1778 656364 Loan B 317 Robin Rd SW, Decatur, AL 35601 116,640.00 1779 656386 Loan B 4260 N 64th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 151,200.00 1780 656397 Loan B 2823 Calvin Ave, Dayton, OH 45414 93,600.00 1781 656373 Loan B 6709 Medford Ln, North Little Rock, AR 72117 115,200.00 1782 656368 Loan B 3409 Woodpark Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 111,600.00 1783 656419 Loan B 4277 N 51st Blvd, Milwaukee, WI 53216 136,800.00 1784 656409 Loan B 2710 McBride Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 118,800.00 1785 656422 Loan B 384 Ingram Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45218 129,600.00 1786 656406 Loan B 917 23rd Ct NW, Birmingham, AL 35215 109,440.00 1787 656430 Loan B 757 Burlington Dr, Montgomery, AL 36117 104,400.00 1788 656456 Loan B 7383 E 53rd St, Indianapolis, IN 46226 115,200.00 1789 656458 Loan B 2218 Finland Dr, Dayton, OH 45439 131,760.00 1790 656471 Loan B 4891 Shayne Ln, Memphis, TN 38109 86,400.00 1791 656490 Loan B 3428 S 61st St, Milwaukee, WI 53219 183,600.00 1792 656489 Loan B 423 Archer St, McKeesport, PA 15132 93,600.00 1793 656486 Loan B 4249 Will O Run Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 122,400.00 1794 656522 Loan B 2023 Ave L, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 104,400.00 1795 656517 Loan B 4831 Taylorsville Rd, Dayton, OH 45424 147,600.00 1796 656523 Loan B 1206 Overview Dr, Jacksonville, AR 72076 103,680.00 1797 656531 Loan B 1814 Old Salisbury Rd, Winston Salem, NC 27127 120,240.00 1798 656533 Loan B 14 Deveaux Ct, West Columbia, SC 29172 144,000.00 1799 656541 Loan B 3980 Washington Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 126,000.00 1800 656569 Loan B 1415 Archer Ave, Omaha, NE 68107 115,200.00 1801 656567 Loan B 521 Pinellas St, Birmingham, AL 35206 136,800.00 1802 656555 Loan B 6944 Oak Side Dr, Montgomery, AL 36117 115,200.00 1803 656553 Loan B 152 Ashewood Lake Dr, Columbia, SC 29209 162,000.00 1804 656638 Loan B 4323 Seward St, Omaha, NE 68111 102,960.00 1805 656621 Loan B 438 Queen Julianna Ln, Jackson, MS 39209 43,200.00 1806 656623 Loan B 2386 Breckinridge Rd, Jackson, MS 39204 97,200.00 1807 656606 Loan B 2304 Pelican Dr, Columbia, SC 29203 97,200.00 1808 656632 Loan B 1601 Cedrow Dr, High Point, NC 27260 169,200.00 1809 656658 Loan B 6200 E 148th Ter, Grandview, MO 64030 128,160.00 1810 656655 Loan B 3383 Annabelle Dr, Dayton, OH 45429 129,600.00 1811 656676 Loan B 5813 Wisteria Ct, North Little Rock, AR 72118 93,600.00 1812 656674 Loan B 1140 Woodfield Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 1813 656681 Loan B 2719 Margaret Ct, Augusta, GA 30906 108,000.00 1814 656708 Loan B 5229 Bayside Dr, Dayton, OH 45431 156,960.00 1815 656704 Loan B 5043 Beatrice Dr, Columbus, OH 43227 165,600.00 1816 656711 Loan B 828 W Kemper Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45240 133,200.00 1817 656685 Loan B 1313 W 57th St, North Little Rock, AR 72118 72,000.00 1818 656719 Loan B 4249 Atwood Ave, Memphis, TN 38111 90,000.00 1819 656776 Loan B 1615 Winchester St, Jackson, MS 39211 126,000.00 1820 656779 Loan B 3945 N 51st Blvd, Milwaukee, WI 53216 104,400.00 

1821 656787 Loan B 3838 Faxon Ave, Memphis, TN 38122 111,600.00 1822 656800 Loan B 212 N Ogden Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 154,800.00 1823 656801 Loan B 1328 Aberdeen Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 172,800.00 1824 656804 Loan B 1437 Republic Ave, Columbus, OH 43211 144,000.00 1825 656808 Loan B 2525 Azelda St, Columbus, OH 43211 135,360.00 1826 656825 Loan B 1721 Albritton Rd, Columbia, SC 29204 122,400.00 1827 656831 Loan B 2008 Patterson St, McKeesport, PA 15132 75,600.00 1828 656839 Loan B 3937 N Faculty Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46254 115,200.00 1829 656845 Loan B 2962 Pontiac St, Columbus, OH 43224 129,600.00 1830 656847 Loan B 27 N Vine St, Indianapolis, IN 46222 93,600.00 1831 656851 Loan B 407 Shaw Ave, Spartanburg, SC 29306 122,400.00 1832 656858 Loan B 4806 Rumson Rd NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 126,000.00 1833 656880 Loan B 3285 Canyon Rd, Memphis, TN 38134 162,000.00 1834 656910 Loan B 919 Elizabeth St, Wilkinsburg, PA 15221 106,560.00 1835 656923 Loan B 3082 Robbiedon St, Memphis, TN 38128 133,200.00 1836 656932 Loan B 3150 Parham St, Memphis, TN 38127 68,400.00 1837 656939 Loan B 4961 N 85th St, Milwaukee, WI 53225 138,240.00 1838 656953 Loan B 1900 Marion St, Greensboro, NC 27403 144,000.00 1839 656964 Loan B 106 N Evanston Ave, Independence, MO 64053 92,880.00 1840 656969 Loan B 4418 N 67th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 86,400.00 1841 656972 Loan B 2083 Victorian Village Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 129,600.00 1842 656975 Loan B 3156 Rosefield Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 102,240.00 1843 656988 Loan B 312 S Highland Forest Dr, Columbia, SC 29203 122,400.00 1844 656997 Loan B 1752 Brookhaven Dr, Southaven, MS 38671 118,800.00 1845 657005 Loan B 532 Overbrook Blvd, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 108,000.00 1846 657030 Loan B 1105 McKinney Ave, Dayton, KY 41074 151,200.00 1847 657048 Loan B 4038 Ave C, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 108,000.00 1848 657061 Loan B 4788 Bradford Dr, Memphis, TN 38109 86,400.00 1849 657065 Loan B 1832 N Hawthorne Ln, Indianapolis, IN 46218 122,400.00 1850 657066 Loan B 2327 Sickle Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46219 151,200.00 1851 657071 Loan B 6711 Acre Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45239 159,840.00 1852 657075 Loan B 1672 Duxberry Ave, Columbus, OH 43219 118,800.00 1853 657097 Loan B 1615 Abraham St, McKeesport, PA 15132 72,000.00 1854 657098 Loan B 1019 Washington St, McKeesport, PA 15132 68,400.00 1855 657123 Loan B 4423 Browne St, Omaha, NE 68111 118,800.00 1856 657124 Loan B 4719 S 18th St, Omaha, NE 68107 138,240.00 1857 657138 Loan B 1944 Williams Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 61,200.00 1858 657148 Loan B 3611 Meadowood Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 1859 657163 Loan B 1638 N Centennial St, Indianapolis, IN 46222 122,400.00 1860 657166 Loan B 230 Millville Ave, Hamilton, OH 45013 151,200.00 1861 657170 Loan B 3535 Monte Carlo Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 140,400.00 1862 657173 Loan B 3904 West St, Little Rock, AR 72204 114,480.00 1863 657178 Loan B 5528 Tiki Ln, Jackson, MS 39212 50,400.00 1864 657187 Loan B 4514 Camden Ave, Omaha, NE 68104 108,000.00 1865 657216 Loan B 4643 N 40th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 121,680.00 1866 657222 Loan B 4278 Leatherwood Ave, Memphis, TN 38111 97,200.00 1867 657244 Loan B 70 Francisca Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 

1868 657249 Loan B 105 Albert Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 122,400.00 1869 657262 Loan B 216 Laurel Oak Ln, Irmo, SC 29063 158,400.00 1870 657272 Loan B 214 Moffitt Dr, High Point, NC 27265 115,200.00 1871 657279 Loan B 902 Gordon St, High Point, NC 27260 121,680.00 1872 657295 Loan B 3460 Meier Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 90,000.00 1873 657296 Loan B 4127 Hoyt Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46203 108,000.00 1874 657305 Loan B 2615 Carrington Dr, Hephzibah, GA 30815 144,000.00 1875 657307 Loan B 3507 Cornwall Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 1876 657309 Loan B 2253 Basswood Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 97,920.00 1877 657316 Loan B 2810 Ptarmigan Rd, Hephzibah, GA 30815 133,200.00 1878 657334 Loan B 4025 Nebraska Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 126,000.00 1879 657340 Loan B 425 Greenlake Dr, Columbia, SC 29061 115,200.00 1880 657342 Loan B 107 Upper Glen Dr, Blythewood, SC 29016 187,200.00 1881 657348 Loan B 2607 Massoit Ct, Augusta, GA 30906 115,200.00 1882 657374 Loan B 2963 Fox Chaple Dr, Columbus, OH 43232 147,600.00 1883 657378 Loan B 3676 Celtic Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 118,800.00 1884 657387 Loan B 4844 N 58th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 90,000.00 1885 657393 Loan B 557 King Ranch Rd, Canton, MS 39046 140,400.00 1886 657404 Loan B 508 E 21st St, Covington, KY 41014 172,800.00 1887 657417 Loan B 11421 Folkstone Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45240 129,600.00 1888 657439 Loan B 2110 Gayley Rd, Columbia, SC 29209 133,200.00 1889 657474 Loan B 3501 Royal Carriage Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 144,000.00 1890 657476 Loan B 2736 Baldwin Brook Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 86,400.00 1891 657491 Loan B 123 Shady Mist Dr, Columbia, SC 29229 156,960.00 1892 657497 Loan B 1140 Waterworks Rd, Newport, KY 41071 162,000.00 1893 657501 Loan B 4023 Cass Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 108,000.00 1894 657505 Loan B 3305 Ashland Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 102,960.00 1895 657508 Loan B 3322 Argyle Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46226 104,400.00 1896 657513 Loan B 9430 Barr Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 140,400.00 1897 657525 Loan B 1315 N Leland Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 158,400.00 1898 657528 Loan B 4315 N Mitthoefer Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46235 111,600.00 1899 657534 Loan B 3708 Richelieu Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46226 126,000.00 1900 657536 Loan B 3114 Radford Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 144,000.00 1901 657538 Loan B 3404 N Sadlier Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 111,600.00 1902 657541 Loan B 3817 N Temple Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46205 115,200.00 1903 657545 Loan B 3438 Tiffany Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 93,600.00 1904 657555 Loan B 7801 Werner Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45231 147,600.00 1905 657557 Loan B 4415 Kitridge Rd, Dayton, OH 45424 129,600.00 1906 657561 Loan B 6746 Wakefield Rd, Columbia, SC 29203 100,080.00 1907 657587 Loan B 1734 Nearview Ave, Columbia, SC 29223 111,600.00 1908 657589 Loan B 3508 Gardenbrook Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 1909 657590 Loan B 4019 Strathmore Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 82,800.00 1910 657604 Loan B 3821 Trotter Rd, Columbia, SC 29209 100,800.00 1911 657638 Loan B 4707 Calhoun St, Indianapolis, IN 46203 100,800.00 1912 657641 Loan B 4843 English Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46201 90,000.00 1913 657643 Loan B 5308 Fletcher Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46219 129,600.00 1914 657652 Loan B 133 N 5th Ave, Beech Grove, IN 46107 115,200.00 

1915 657659 Loan B 232 N 14th Ave, Beech Grove, IN 46107 126,000.00 1916 657667 Loan B 1527 Main St, Beech Grove, IN 46107 111,600.00 1917 657680 Loan B 3660 E Whittaker Ave, Cudahy, WI 53110 172,800.00 1918 657693 Loan B 1829 Oakland Ave, Kansas City, KS 66102 111,600.00 1919 657699 Loan B 3204 Morningview Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 111,600.00 1920 657700 Loan B 3707 N Brentwood Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46235 86,400.00 1921 657704 Loan B 2894 La Rosa Dr, Grove City, OH 43123 187,200.00 1922 657712 Loan B 8808 Long Ln, Cincinnati, OH 45231 208,800.00 1923 657716 Loan B 2836 Eagledale Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46222 108,000.00 1924 657718 Loan B 4263 Cedartree Dr, Memphis, TN 38141 122,400.00 1925 657731 Loan B 3826 N Kensington Ave, Kansas City, MO 64117 118,800.00 1926 657735 Loan B 1641 3rd Pl NW, Center Point, AL 35215 100,800.00 1927 657744 Loan B 3454 N Sadlier Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46226 100,800.00 1928 657750 Loan B 4 Mayo Dr, Greenville, SC 29605 151,200.00 1929 657751 Loan B 13 Brookforest Dr, Greenville, SC 29605 144,000.00 1930 657760 Loan B 4064 Naylor Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 89,280.00 1931 657762 Loan B 10934 Bristol Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 122,400.00 1932 657782 Loan B 112 Temona Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15236 151,200.00 1933 657797 Loan B 6571 Red Fox Rd, Reynoldsburg, OH 43068 172,800.00 1934 657831 Loan B 6428 Alp Ct, Dayton, OH 45424 136,800.00 1935 657852 Loan B 2219 Evans Ave NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 104,400.00 1936 657858 Loan B 1864 Barnett Ct W, Columbus, OH 43227 158,400.00 1937 657860 Loan B 339 Long Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 133,200.00 1938 657870 Loan B 8800 W Bender Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 136,800.00 1939 657884 Loan B 1135 E Innis Ave, Columbus, OH 43207 133,200.00 1940 657885 Loan B 3270 Frayser View Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 78,840.00 1941 657898 Loan B 605 Chilhowie Rd, Columbia, SC 29209 154,800.00 1942 657902 Loan B 3636 Meadowlark Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 1943 657906 Loan B 3507 Hemstead Ct, Hephzibah, GA 30815 124,560.00 1944 657955 Loan B 113 Marose Dr, Penn Hills, PA 15235 97,200.00 1945 657959 Loan B 1960 Smallwood St, Jackson, MS 39212 43,200.00 1946 657960 Loan B 6207 Moses St, Columbia, SC 29203 100,800.00 1947 696023 Loan B 4112 Carol Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 72,000.00 1948 696038 Loan B 4679 Churchill Dr, Jackson, MS 39206 39,600.00 1949 696073 Loan B 611 Robinhood Rd, Jackson, MS 39206 28,800.00 1950 696079 Loan B 660 Lawrence Rd, Jackson, MS 39206 68,400.00 1951 657972 Loan B 620 Manning Ave, McKeesport, PA 15132 82,800.00 1952 657982 Loan B 2930 Rollingwood Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 136,800.00 1953 658009 Loan B 2350 Morning Vista Dr, Memphis, TN 38134 133,200.00 1954 658012 Loan B 4352 N 64th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 136,800.00 1955 658024 Loan B 408 Crest Dr, Fairfield, AL 35064 111,600.00 1956 658029 Loan B 3819 N 25th St, Milwaukee, WI 53206 75,600.00 1957 658031 Loan B 2622 W Villard Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53209 126,000.00 1958 658065 Loan B 4701 N 51st Blvd, Milwaukee, WI 53218 136,800.00 1959 658081 Loan B 228 N Oakley Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 122,400.00 1960 658093 Loan B 6615 Lyndon B Johnson Dr, Jackson, MS 39213 43,200.00 1961 658094 Loan B 718 Jackman St, Benton, AR 72015 122,400.00 

1962 658095 Loan B 2509 Coleman Ave, Augusta, GA 30906 82,800.00 1963 658096 Loan B 2843 Rocky Creek Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 100,800.00 1964 658101 Loan B 3729 N 39th St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 100,800.00 1965 658122 Loan B 4833 Will O Wood Blvd, Jackson, MS 39212 111,600.00 1966 658127 Loan B 5011 Byrams Ford Rd, Kansas City, MO 64129 122,400.00 1967 658133 Loan B 408 W 18th St, Covington, KY 41014 147,600.00 1968 658137 Loan B 2208 Patterson Rd, Dayton, OH 45420 122,400.00 1969 658151 Loan B 43 Linwood Ave, Erlanger, KY 41018 154,800.00 1970 658152 Loan B 1107 Smith Rd, Columbus, OH 43207 144,000.00 1971 658170 Loan B 1313 Whispering Oaks Cv, Jackson, MS 39212 61,200.00 1972 658175 Loan B 2732 Ashley Ave, Montgomery, AL 36109 115,200.00 1973 658182 Loan B 324 Gales River Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 154,080.00 1974 659115 Loan B 6336 N 34 St, Omaha, NE 68111 128,160.00 1975 659136 Loan B 814 1st Ave, Athens, AL 35611 158,400.00 1976 659139 Loan B 3157 E 12th Ave, Columbus, OH 43219 93,600.00 1977 659142 Loan B 6697 Harpeth Cv, Memphis, TN 38134 151,200.00 1978 659170 Loan B 3746 Herbert Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211 131,040.00 1979 659184 Loan B 608 N Chicago Ave, South Milwaukee, WI 53172 162,000.00 1980 659199 Loan B 6322 Cardinal Wood Dr, Greensboro, NC 27410 234,000.00 1981 659207 Loan B 625 17th Ave NW, Center Point, AL 35215 118,800.00 1982 659211 Loan B 5704 Cheshire Cove Cir, McCalla, AL 35111 190,800.00 1983 659215 Loan B 1541 27th Ave N, Hueytown, AL 35023 100,800.00 1984 659240 Loan B 908 Highbury Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 118,800.00 1985 659243 Loan B 332 Bridlewood Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 75,600.00 1986 659248 Loan B 920 47th Pl S, Birmingham, AL 35222 237,600.00 1987 659249 Loan B 549 Thomas Ave, Gardendale, AL 35071 129,600.00 1988 659250 Loan B 1809 Mohawk Dr, Alabaster, AL 35007 165,600.00 1989 659261 Loan B 2421 Wine Ridge Dr, Birmingham, AL 35244 194,400.00 1990 659266 Loan B 1609 6th St NW, Center Point, AL 35215 104,400.00 1991 659279 Loan B 3578 Southern Trl, Fultondale, AL 35068 223,200.00 1992 659281 Loan B 669 Pamela St, Birmingham, AL 35213 284,400.00 1993 659283 Loan B 322 Chapel Hill Trl, Fultondale, AL 35068 244,800.00 1994 659285 Loan B 3044 Bailey Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45248 144,000.00 1995 659294 Loan B 268 Institute St, Pittsburgh, PA 15210 133,200.00 1996 659297 Loan B 552 Gary Glen Dr, Martinez, GA 30907 133,200.00 1997 659303 Loan B 812 N Burbank Dr, Montgomery, AL 36117 93,600.00 1998 659332 Loan B 7724 Trenton Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63130 86,400.00 1999 659335 Loan B 9809 Glen Owen Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 90,000.00 2000 659357 Loan B 10172 Cabot Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 68,400.00 2001 659366 Loan B 1240 Lakeview Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 64,800.00 2002 659391 Loan B 1225 Ashford Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63137 73,440.00 2003 659394 Loan B 2829 Oxford Ave, Jackson, MS 39216 126,000.00 2004 659401 Loan B 3951 Council Cir, Jackson, MS 39206 255,600.00 2005 659429 Loan B 4256 Marlowe St, Dayton, OH 45416 77,760.00 2006 659431 Loan B 181 N Wheatland Ave, Columbus, OH 43204 140,040.00 2007 659439 Loan B 4633 N 56th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 111,600.00 2008 659442 Loan B 4968 S 36th St, Omaha, NE 68107 115,200.00 

2009 659444 Loan B 6107 Spencer St, Omaha, NE 68104 136,800.00 2010 659448 Loan B 319 Amherst Dr, Spartanburg, SC 29306 169,200.00 2011 659462 Loan B 5354 Ridgewood Rd, Jackson, MS 39211 111,600.00 2012 659465 Loan B 8757 Cabot Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 151,200.00 2013 659467 Loan B 977 Colony Dr, Florence, KY 41042 158,400.00 2014 659478 Loan B 4320 Saratoga St, Omaha, NE 68111 115,200.00 2015 659487 Loan B 2674 Barclay St, Hephzibah, GA 30815 165,600.00 2016 659500 Loan B 2648 N 55th St, Milwaukee, WI 53210 68,400.00 2017 659504 Loan B 4220 N 42nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53216 111,600.00 2018 659508 Loan B 4884 N 56th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 2019 659518 Loan B 5848 N 70th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 2020 659527 Loan B 5849 N 41st St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 115,200.00 2021 659547 Loan B 106 Bessemer St, Verona, PA 15147 108,000.00 2022 700503 Loan B 5496 Orchard Ct, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 201,600.00 2023 700467 Loan B 5105 Stone Trce, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 187,200.00 2024 700354 Loan B 3959 Wood Path Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 190,800.00 2025 700342 Loan B 3832 River Ridge Ct, Decatur, GA 30034 187,200.00 2026 700297 Loan B 3951 McGill Ct, Decatur, GA 30034 194,400.00 2027 700049 Loan B 1106 Hardy Cir, Dallas, GA 30157 201,600.00 2028 658658 Loan B 2333 Omaha Rd SW, Atlanta, GA 30331 169,200.00 2029 707162 Loan B 7310 Ruskin Way, Kansas City, MO 64134 115,200.00 2030 707142 Loan B 6300 E 103rd St, Kansas City, MO 64134 162,000.00 2031 707098 Loan B 3005 E 32nd St, Kansas City, MO 64128 104,400.00 2032 708328 Loan B 5064 Judy Lynn Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 108,000.00 2033 708325 Loan B 5041 Harrington Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 126,000.00 2034 708271 Loan B 3896 Drayon Cv, Memphis, TN 38128 82,800.00 2035 708242 Loan B 3828 Bishops Bridge Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 104,400.00 2036 708078 Loan B 3091 Greenbranch Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 2037 659054 Loan B 9326 Barrow Dr, Cordova, TN 38016 205,200.00 2038 659024 Loan B 5957 Cottage Hill Dr, Millington, TN 38053 131,040.00 2039 658909 Loan B 3325 Cedar Springs Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 72,000.00 2040 658778 Loan B 4029 Barron Ave, Memphis, TN 38111 115,200.00 2041 658597 Loan B 5414 Meadowick Ave, Memphis, TN 38115 154,800.00 2042 702205 Loan B 58 Blue Echo Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 158,400.00 2043 703164 Loan B 110 Ayana Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 188,640.00 2044 709248 Loan B 801 Font Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63137 97,200.00 2045 709147 Loan B 6701 Alder Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63134 93,600.00 2046 709109 Loan B 12065 Victorian Village Ct, Saint Louis, MO 63138 129,600.00 2047 709102 Loan B 11943 Del Reo Ct, Saint Louis, MO 63138 115,200.00 2048 659088 Loan B 10145 Green Valley Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 64,800.00 2049 701002 Loan B 5044 Lost Dutchman Dr, Lithonia, GA 30038 234,000.00 2050 700609 Loan B 814 Hemingway Rd, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 194,400.00 2051 700605 Loan B 7888 Providence Point Way, Lithonia, GA 30058 230,400.00 2052 700604 Loan B 7887 Providence Point Way, Lithonia, GA 30058 241,200.00 2053 700597 Loan B 7177 Walton Hl, Fairburn, GA 30213 237,600.00 2054 700586 Loan B 7012 Setters Way, Lithonia, GA 30038 190,800.00 2055 700578 Loan B 6843 Hill Creek Cv, Lithonia, GA 30058 252,000.00 

2056 700569 Loan B 671 Maran Ln SW, Mableton, GA 30126 216,000.00 2057 700556 Loan B 6536 Rebecca Lou Ln, Lithonia, GA 30058 203,040.00 2058 700547 Loan B 6373 Shadow Sq, Lithonia, GA 30058 208,800.00 2059 700539 Loan B 6261 Polar Fox Ct, Riverdale, GA 30296 201,600.00 2060 700517 Loan B 61 Majesty Dr, Rockmart, GA 30153 190,800.00 2061 700510 Loan B 5696 Wellborn Creek Dr, Lithonia, GA 30058 226,800.00 2062 700502 Loan B 6930 Red Bone Way, Lithonia, GA 30038 187,200.00 2063 700500 Loan B 5455 Wood Duck Ln, Lithonia, GA 30058 194,400.00 2064 700498 Loan B 5423 Forest Pl, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 205,200.00 2065 700469 Loan B 8 Lois Kinney Rd, Statham, GA 30666 309,600.00 2066 700451 Loan B 4911 Hairston Pl, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 205,200.00 2067 700450 Loan B 4902 Pine Hill Ct E, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 223,200.00 2068 700449 Loan B 486 Crestwood Ct, Lithonia, GA 30058 218,880.00 2069 700443 Loan B 4760 Browns Mill Ferry Rd, Lithonia, GA 30038 183,600.00 2070 700441 Loan B 4749 Wildginger Run, Lithonia, GA 30038 176,400.00 2071 700426 Loan B 4600 Randalwood Ct, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 234,000.00 2072 700411 Loan B 831 Stonebrook Dr, Lithonia, GA 30058 208,800.00 2073 700409 Loan B 4907 Windsor Downs Dr, Decatur, GA 30035 194,400.00 2074 700404 Loan B 4402 Sebring Walk, Decatur, GA 30034 230,400.00 2075 700402 Loan B 4375 Conley Lndg, Conley, GA 30288 252,000.00 2076 700397 Loan B 4294 Joshua Xing, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 252,000.00 2077 700375 Loan B 7779 Horseshoe Bnd, Lithonia, GA 30058 172,800.00 2078 700373 Loan B 4070 Chimney Ridge Way, Ellenwood, GA 30294 187,200.00 2079 700345 Loan B 3865 Cress Way Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 190,800.00 2080 700318 Loan B 3717 Dogwood Farm Rd, Decatur, GA 30034 172,800.00 2081 700316 Loan B 3713 Red Rose Ct, Loganville, GA 30052 205,200.00 2082 700298 Loan B 4345 Idlewood Park, Lithonia, GA 30038 194,400.00 2083 700288 Loan B 3505 Sweetgum Ln, Decatur, GA 30032 201,600.00 2084 700284 Loan B 3881 Micah Ln, Ellenwood, GA 30294 244,800.00 2085 700276 Loan B 3390 Valley Bend Rd, Atlanta, GA 30349 194,400.00 2086 700267 Loan B 3519 Lehigh Way, Decatur, GA 30034 223,200.00 2087 700252 Loan B 3198 Miller Rd, Lithonia, GA 30038 252,000.00 2088 700244 Loan B 3140 Tylerton Dr SW, Atlanta, GA 30311 288,000.00 2089 700243 Loan B 4842 Buchli Ln, Lithonia, GA 30038 216,000.00 2090 700233 Loan B 3104 Leyland Ct, Decatur, GA 30034 216,000.00 2091 700223 Loan B 4489 Carriage Park Dr, Lithonia, GA 30038 208,800.00 2092 700213 Loan B 2732 Silver Hill Ter SE, Atlanta, GA 30316 302,400.00 2093 700211 Loan B 2729 Cedar Trace Dr, Ellenwood, GA 30294 219,600.00 2094 700209 Loan B 4196 Post Oak Grv, College Park, GA 30349 259,200.00 2095 700207 Loan B 2686 Shadowbrook Dr, Decatur, GA 30034 244,800.00 2096 700201 Loan B 258 Bradshaw Farms Dr, Senoia, GA 30276 363,600.00 2097 700188 Loan B 403 Colchester Dr, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 205,200.00 2098 700186 Loan B 2441 Charleston Pointe Ct SE, Atlanta, GA 30316 205,200.00 2099 700166 Loan B 3888 Panthersville Rd, Ellenwood, GA 30294 208,800.00 2100 700165 Loan B 2247 Clayton Rdg, Lithonia, GA 30058 216,000.00 2101 700163 Loan B 3885 Riverside Pkwy, Decatur, GA 30034 208,800.00 2102 700160 Loan B 2203 Patriot Ct SW, Conyers, GA 30094 187,200.00 

2103 700156 Loan B 2153 Pine View Trl, Ellenwood, GA 30294 241,200.00 2104 700145 Loan B 4453 Blackbirch Ln, Decatur, GA 30034 198,000.00 2105 700141 Loan B 205 Whirlwind Ct, Atlanta, GA 30349 190,800.00 2106 700140 Loan B 4448 Cedar Ridge Trl, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 189,360.00 2107 700139 Loan B 2600 Waterfall Ct, Ellenwood, GA 30294 208,800.00 2108 700134 Loan B 2035 Surrey Trl, Atlanta, GA 30349 187,200.00 2109 700120 Loan B 1815 Judy Cir SE, Marietta, GA 30060 180,000.00 2110 700104 Loan B 1523 Wembley Dr, Douglasville, GA 30134 172,800.00 2111 700098 Loan B 148 Chapel Ridge Dr, Ellenwood, GA 30294 342,000.00 2112 700081 Loan B 1324 Sandlewood Ct, Lithonia, GA 30058 223,200.00 2113 700079 Loan B 1309 Sandybrook Ct, Lithonia, GA 30058 198,000.00 2114 700071 Loan B 1247 To Lani Farm Rd, Stone Mountain, GA 30083 208,800.00 2115 700067 Loan B 1207 Tyne Way, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 187,200.00 2116 700041 Loan B 1039 Nimblewood Way, Stone Mountain, GA 30088 205,200.00 2117 700029 Loan B 101 Solomon Dr, Ellenwood, GA 30294 237,600.00 2118 700028 Loan B 1004 Baltic Way, Lithonia, GA 30058 273,600.00 2119 700024 Loan B 2624 Penders Ridge Dr, Ellenwood, GA 30294 302,400.00 2120 700013 Loan B 4395 Ward Bluff Ct, Ellenwood, GA 30294 216,000.00 2121 658726 Loan B 916 Brisley Cir, Hampton, GA 30228 234,000.00 2122 658724 Loan B 8997 Norwalk Ct, Jonesboro, GA 30238 136,800.00 2123 658723 Loan B 8955 Yarmouth Dr, Jonesboro, GA 30238 169,200.00 2124 658722 Loan B 8922 Gatewood Cir, Jonesboro, GA 30238 172,800.00 2125 658720 Loan B 8415 Magnolia Dr, Jonesboro, GA 30238 151,200.00 2126 658695 Loan B 4748 Edwina Ln SW, Atlanta, GA 30331 208,800.00 2127 658681 Loan B 359 Fourth St, Forest Park, GA 30297 165,600.00 2128 658644 Loan B 1402 Chelsea Downs Ln NE, Conyers, GA 30013 198,000.00 2129 658638 Loan B 1281 Bugle Ct, Hampton, GA 30228 187,200.00 2130 658610 Loan B 7295 Drake Ave, Lithonia, GA 30058 172,800.00 2131 658594 Loan B 6849 Knollwood Dr, Morrow, GA 30260 183,600.00 2132 706037 Loan B 265 DuPont Dr NW, Aiken, SC 29801 90,000.00 2133 706025 Loan B 1630 Aldrich St NE, Aiken, SC 29801 48,240.00 2134 707199 Loan B 8611 E 114th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 2135 707194 Loan B 8408 E 105th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 158,400.00 2136 707188 Loan B 8104 E 99th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 129,600.00 2137 707185 Loan B 7920 E 117th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 158,400.00 2138 707184 Loan B 7920 E 103rd Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 140,400.00 2139 707165 Loan B 8409 Kenwood Ave, Kansas City, MO 64131 118,800.00 2140 707160 Loan B 7919 Agnes Ave, Kansas City, MO 64132 115,200.00 2141 707146 Loan B 6604 E 101st St, Kansas City, MO 64134 154,800.00 2142 707117 Loan B 404 E 75th St, Kansas City, MO 64131 239,040.00 2143 707099 Loan B 3008 Bales Ave, Kansas City, MO 64128 90,000.00 2144 707082 Loan B 11812 Armitage Dr, Kansas City, MO 64134 158,400.00 2145 707077 Loan B 11723 Fremont Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 144,000.00 2146 707054 Loan B 11009 Newton Ave, Kansas City, MO 64134 108,000.00 2147 707053 Loan B 10932 Bristol Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 104,400.00 2148 707012 Loan B 1016 W 79th St, Kansas City, MO 64114 219,600.00 2149 707007 Loan B 7604 E 118th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64134 151,200.00 

2150 707002 Loan B 11001 Greenwood Rd, Kansas City, MO 64134 115,200.00 2151 658772 Loan B 3938 Bales Ave, Kansas City, MO 64130 46,800.00 2152 708419 Loan B 721 Western Park Dr, Memphis, TN 38109 64,800.00 2153 708415 Loan B 61 E Fernwood Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 75,600.00 2154 708413 Loan B 5987 E Wagon Hill Rd, Millington, TN 38053 126,000.00 2155 708400 Loan B 610 Loraine Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 52,560.00 2156 708374 Loan B 5064 Holly Ridge Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 100,800.00 2157 708361 Loan B 4978 Tradewind Ter, Memphis, TN 38118 100,800.00 2158 708351 Loan B 4869 Burgess Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 92,880.00 2159 708341 Loan B 4793 Summerview Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 2160 708338 Loan B 4772 Wooddale Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 119,520.00 2161 708336 Loan B 4743 Kristy Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 86,400.00 2162 708329 Loan B 4637 Applegate Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 108,000.00 2163 708312 Loan B 4544 Villawood Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 107,280.00 2164 708311 Loan B 4538 Almo Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 108,000.00 2165 708299 Loan B 4265 Hillgate Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 92,160.00 2166 708296 Loan B 4212 Falcon Dr, Memphis, TN 38109 75,600.00 2167 708287 Loan B 4107 Claudette Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 104,400.00 2168 708274 Loan B 3974 Cheryl Dr, Memphis, TN 38116 111,600.00 2169 708272 Loan B 3917 Birchleaf Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 129,600.00 2170 708257 Loan B 3782 Jerusalem St, Memphis, TN 38109 90,000.00 2171 708241 Loan B 3645 King James Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 95,040.00 2172 708240 Loan B 3644 Miami Cv, Memphis, TN 38111 86,400.00 2173 708227 Loan B 3560 Monessen Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 115,200.00 2174 708187 Loan B 3404 Renault St, Memphis, TN 38118 100,800.00 2175 708176 Loan B 3372 Spring Shadow Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 2176 708166 Loan B 3336 Caribou Dr, Memphis, TN 38115 139,680.00 2177 708157 Loan B 3270 Graves Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 147,600.00 2178 708137 Loan B 3152 Mackham Ave, Memphis, TN 38118 92,160.00 2179 708127 Loan B 3094 Dewitt Cv, Memphis, TN 38118 111,600.00 2180 708098 Loan B 2980 Manndale Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 57,600.00 2181 708087 Loan B 4034 McWeeny Ave, Memphis, TN 38128 82,800.00 2182 708064 Loan B 177 Shofner Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 115,200.00 2183 708061 Loan B 1745 Claire Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 86,400.00 2184 708044 Loan B 3195 Beauchamp Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 2185 708028 Loan B 1446 Alta Vista Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 82,800.00 2186 708020 Loan B 1064 Bonnie St, Memphis, TN 38122 129,600.00 2187 708019 Loan B 3139 Choctaw Ave, Memphis, TN 38111 93,600.00 2188 708005 Loan B 2044 Corning Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 79,200.00 2189 659086 Loan B 9828 Maggie Woods Ln, Arlington, TN 38002 158,400.00 2190 659079 Loan B 9541 Morning Shadow Dr, Cordova, TN 38016 205,200.00 2191 659064 Loan B 8759 Stony Glen Dr, Bartlett, TN 38133 356,400.00 2192 659061 Loan B 8741 Darby Cv, Olive Branch, MS 38654 180,000.00 2193 659058 Loan B 8734 Lezlarken Ln, Olive Branch, MS 38654 187,200.00 2194 659048 Loan B 7872 Carol Elaine Cir, Bartlett, TN 38133 198,000.00 2195 659047 Loan B 780 Breeze Way, Cordova, TN 38018 176,400.00 2196 659003 Loan B 4831 Summitridge Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 100,800.00 2197 659001 Loan B 47 Lydgate Ave, Memphis, TN 38109 90,000.00 

2198 658996 Loan B 4532 Winter Park Dr, Memphis, TN 38141 133,200.00 2199 658936 Loan B 4073 Leech Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 90,000.00 2200 658931 Loan B 3809 Chablis Cv, Memphis, TN 38115 136,800.00 2201 658916 Loan B 3445 Powers Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 118,800.00 2202 658906 Loan B 3290 Beechmont St, Memphis, TN 38127 69,120.00 2203 658876 Loan B 2645 Whitney Ave, Memphis, TN 38127 90,000.00 2204 658828 Loan B 1426 Bonnie Dr, Memphis, TN 38116 104,400.00 2205 658807 Loan B 10178 Sorrento Pl, Cordova, TN 38018 187,560.00 2206 658804 Loan B 2571 Jenwood St, Memphis, TN 38134 172,800.00 2207 658792 Loan B 2933 Meadowfair Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 104,400.00 2208 658790 Loan B 3439 Lakeview Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 140,400.00 2209 658786 Loan B 810 Hale Rd, Memphis, TN 38116 97,200.00 2210 702295 Loan B 92 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 205,200.00 2211 702290 Loan B 87 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2212 702286 Loan B 84 Moonflower Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 142,560.00 2213 702283 Loan B 82 Moonflower Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 136,800.00 2214 702261 Loan B 71 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2215 702253 Loan B 68 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 140,400.00 2216 702250 Loan B 672 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 187,200.00 2217 702234 Loan B 636 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2218 702227 Loan B 62 Boreal Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 198,000.00 2219 702226 Loan B 65 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 165,600.00 2220 702225 Loan B 62 Blue Echo Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 2221 702207 Loan B 582 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 190,800.00 2222 702202 Loan B 570 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2223 702199 Loan B 562 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 198,000.00 2224 702195 Loan B 56 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 133,200.00 2225 702193 Loan B 554 Carrier Dr, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 2226 702190 Loan B 76 Cyrilla Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 169,200.00 2227 702189 Loan B 55 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 198,000.00 2228 702164 Loan B 52 Callan Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 133,200.00 2229 702163 Loan B 52 Blue Echo Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 136,800.00 2230 702149 Loan B 48 Voda Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2231 702139 Loan B 46 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2232 702129 Loan B 44 Callan Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 190,800.00 2233 702104 Loan B 40 Assana Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 2234 702103 Loan B 40 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2235 702099 Loan B 39 Callan Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 146,160.00 2236 702098 Loan B 40 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 2237 702097 Loan B 38 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 133,200.00 2238 702084 Loan B 42 Serenata Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 194,400.00 2239 702068 Loan B 32 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 151,200.00 2240 702065 Loan B 47 Callan Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 140,400.00 2241 702055 Loan B 30 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 190,800.00 2242 702049 Loan B 25 Verde Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 169,200.00 2243 702043 Loan B 22 Verde Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 147,600.00 2244 702042 Loan B 22 Arva Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 169,200.00 

2245 702022 Loan B 20 Skystone Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 2246 702020 Loan B 51 Marella Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 133,200.00 2247 702014 Loan B 10 Verde Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 201,600.00 2248 702013 Loan B 41 Callan Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 216,000.00 2249 702011 Loan B 83 Cyrilla Ct, Pensacola, FL 32506 144,000.00 2250 703241 Loan B 213 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2251 703234 Loan B 209 Barrow Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 169,200.00 2252 703222 Loan B 203 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 183,600.00 2253 703220 Loan B 202 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 187,200.00 2254 703217 Loan B 201 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 190,800.00 2255 703209 Loan B 119 Pembroke Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2256 703194 Loan B 120 Pembroke Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2257 703193 Loan B 113 Pembroke Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 2258 703174 Loan B 110 Willow Gardens Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2259 703169 Loan B 110 Celestin Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2260 703159 Loan B 109 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 2261 703158 Loan B 206 Bellflower Cir, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2262 703157 Loan B 109 Pembroke Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 2263 703144 Loan B 108 Swing Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 2264 703141 Loan B 108 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2265 703126 Loan B 107 Jardin Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 147,600.00 2266 703124 Loan B 107 Celena Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2267 703108 Loan B 106 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2268 703094 Loan B 105 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 2269 703076 Loan B 103 Viola Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 198,000.00 2270 703069 Loan B 103 Calla Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 147,600.00 2271 703059 Loan B 102 Morning Song Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 151,200.00 2272 703037 Loan B 101 Ayana Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 169,200.00 2273 703030 Loan B 100 Celestin Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 2274 703028 Loan B 100 Caspia Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 190,800.00 2275 703014 Loan B 105 Pembroke Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 144,000.00 2276 703011 Loan B 104 Morning Bloom Ct, Raeford, NC 28376 158,400.00 2277 709265 Loan B 8926 Marcella Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63121 104,400.00 2278 709261 Loan B 8802 Kendale Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63121 72,000.00 2279 709252 Loan B 818 Arline Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63135 108,000.00 2280 709246 Loan B 7748 Paddington Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63121 68,400.00 2281 709245 Loan B 7733 Nacomis Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63121 118,800.00 2282 709238 Loan B 7225 Berkridge Dr, Hazelwood, MO 63042 111,600.00 2283 709211 Loan B 3722 Lawler Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63121 64,800.00 2284 709206 Loan B 3037 Meadowlark Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63136 72,000.00 2285 709202 Loan B 268 Elmdale Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 82,800.00 2286 709193 Loan B 9613 Saint Jerome Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63134 97,200.00 2287 709187 Loan B 2345 Berwyn Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 61,920.00 2288 709179 Loan B 2246 Berwyn Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 93,600.00 2289 709172 Loan B 2040 Jenner Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63138 133,200.00 2290 709171 Loan B 2039 Jenner Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63138 198,000.00 2291 709164 Loan B 1813 Glenbrae Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63136 86,400.00 

2292 709119 Loan B 1223 Walker Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 64,800.00 2293 709094 Loan B 11844 Orletto Way, Saint Louis, MO 63138 122,400.00 2294 709087 Loan B 11638 Mimeaux Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 98,640.00 2295 709084 Loan B 11636 Norgate Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 136,800.00 2296 709077 Loan B 11409 Ortega Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 97,200.00 2297 709072 Loan B 11333 Cadigan Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 115,200.00 2298 709069 Loan B 11321 Aspen Woods Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63138 111,600.00 2299 709061 Loan B 10829 Glen Garry Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63137 46,800.00 2300 709058 Loan B 10721 Hallstead Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 115,200.00 2301 709050 Loan B 10524 Edgefield Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 115,200.00 2302 709024 Loan B 10226 Quaker Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 57,600.00 2303 709020 Loan B 1440 Trampe Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63138 108,000.00 2304 659111 Loan B 9830 Dennis Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 43,200.00 2305 659106 Loan B 7220 Teal Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63133 54,000.00 2306 659094 Loan B 10350 Ross Cir, Saint Louis, MO 63137 64,800.00 2307 659588 Loan B 6551 George Washington Dr, Jackson, MS 39213 56,880.00 2308 659605 Loan B 743 Chadford Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 151,200.00 2309 659606 Loan B 904 Woodale Cir, Columbia, SC 29203 122,400.00 2310 659617 Loan B 7021 W Thurston Ct, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 2311 659620 Loan B 4429 N 51st Blvd, Milwaukee, WI 53218 104,400.00 2312 659643 Loan B 2608 Skyline Dr NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 154,800.00 2313 659650 Loan B 4720 Addington Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 100,800.00 2314 659653 Loan B 317 S Pear Orchard Rd, Ridgeland, MS 39157 165,600.00 2315 659657 Loan B 3626 Audubon Pl, Augusta, GA 30906 93,600.00 2316 659668 Loan B 610 Church St, Benton, AR 72015 100,800.00 2317 659674 Loan B 1500 Ontario St, Greensboro, NC 27403 147,600.00 2318 659688 Loan B 3915 W Roosevelt Dr, Milwaukee, WI 53216 115,200.00 2319 659704 Loan B 4723 N Longworth Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46226 115,200.00 2320 659737 Loan B 3485 N 79th St, Milwaukee, WI 53222 129,600.00 2321 659743 Loan B 5152 N 70th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 140,400.00 2322 659750 Loan B 5517 N 41st St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 108,000.00 2323 659752 Loan B 3123 Tate Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 97,200.00 2324 659761 Loan B 3500 Boyd St, Little Rock, AR 72204 100,800.00 2325 659782 Loan B 6225 Maywick Dr NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 122,400.00 2326 659794 Loan B 4636 Larimore Ave, Omaha, NE 68104 108,000.00 2327 659805 Loan B 3875 Fizer Ave, Memphis, TN 38111 92,880.00 2328 659810 Loan B 512 Coppinger Dr, Ferguson, MO 63135 75,600.00 2329 659840 Loan B 5335 Wythe Cv, Memphis, TN 38135 154,800.00 2330 659855 Loan B 321 Clearview St SW, Decatur, AL 35601 140,400.00 2331 659864 Loan B 3222 Ave A, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 126,000.00 2332 659867 Loan B 3111 Winchester Dr, Greensboro, NC 27406 190,800.00 2333 659868 Loan B 3922 Heather View Ln, Winston Salem, NC 27127 172,800.00 2334 659874 Loan B 1936 Bellewood Rd, Jackson, MS 39211 122,400.00 2335 659890 Loan B 4304 Lady Slipper Ln, Memphis, TN 38141 133,200.00 2336 659909 Loan B 104 Roanwood Ct, Clinton, MS 39056 165,600.00 2337 659954 Loan B 4948 N Sherman Blvd, Milwaukee, WI 53209 140,400.00 2338 659958 Loan B 9211 Bobb Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 122,400.00 

2339 659969 Loan B 1347 Randomhill Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45231 172,800.00 2340 659978 Loan B 7902 E 50th St, Indianapolis, IN 46226 118,800.00 2341 659980 Loan B 3200 Calvert Ave, Saint Louis, MO 63114 97,200.00 2342 659994 Loan B 194 Saint Christopher Ln, Columbus, OH 43213 144,000.00 2343 660000 Loan B 2828 N 38th St, Kansas City, KS 66104 108,000.00 2344 660018 Loan B 1105 Bellarmine Ln, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 2345 660033 Loan B 4302 Browne St, Omaha, NE 68111 90,000.00 2346 660041 Loan B 8524 Lakeshore Dr W, Southaven, MS 38671 172,800.00 2347 660051 Loan B 2908 Borg Rd, Winston Salem, NC 27127 194,400.00 2348 660057 Loan B 3027 Brentwood Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15227 118,800.00 2349 660058 Loan B 2744 Voelkel Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15216 144,000.00 2350 660060 Loan B 2 Kay Ct, Greenville, SC 29605 162,000.00 2351 660068 Loan B 8815 W Monrovia Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 136,800.00 2352 660073 Loan B 1822 Springfield Ave, Columbia, SC 29223 121,680.00 2353 660103 Loan B 625 Queen Cir, Jackson, MS 39209 64,800.00 2354 660119 Loan B 5424 Brookhollow Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 108,000.00 2355 660128 Loan B 1721 Emerald Valley Rd, Columbia, SC 29210 151,200.00 2356 660134 Loan B 2107 Rosetta Rd, Greensboro, NC 27401 144,000.00 2357 660139 Loan B 3330 Barbwood Dr, Memphis, TN 38118 97,200.00 2358 660140 Loan B 3582 Marty St, Memphis, TN 38109 115,200.00 2359 660141 Loan B 1092 Quailrun Ln, Memphis, TN 38109 79,200.00 2360 660146 Loan B 2718 Dorchester Dr, Little Rock, AR 72204 95,040.00 2361 660152 Loan B 5148 Ballantrae Ct, Cincinnati, OH 45238 158,400.00 2362 660156 Loan B 1528 Bobolink Ln, Center Point, AL 35215 79,200.00 2363 660160 Loan B 634 Waldemere Ave, Indianapolis, IN 46241 111,600.00 2364 660162 Loan B 2410 6th Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51501 100,800.00 2365 660176 Loan B 18109 E 19th St N, Independence, MO 64058 115,200.00 2366 660177 Loan B 137 Universal Rd, Penn Hills, PA 15235 122,400.00 2367 660193 Loan B 2776 Woodvale Dr, Winston Salem, NC 27127 154,800.00 2368 660199 Loan B 4615 Grand Ave, Omaha, NE 68104 93,600.00 2369 660200 Loan B 1128 Autumn St, Jackson, MS 39212 72,000.00 2370 660209 Loan B 2829 Shenandoah Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 64,800.00 2371 660210 Loan B 2845 Jessup Rd, Cincinnati, OH 45239 158,400.00 2372 660236 Loan B 10108 Palo Alto Dr, Little Rock, AR 72209 82,800.00 2373 660258 Loan B 2124 Lincoln Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45224 100,800.00 2374 660297 Loan B 127 Renaissance Way, Columbia, SC 29204 144,000.00 2375 660306 Loan B 9801 Virginianna Dr, Birmingham, AL 35215 90,000.00 2376 660311 Loan B 3100 Milan Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 115,200.00 2377 660325 Loan B 5922 N 74th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 2378 660326 Loan B 7920 W Clovernook St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 144,000.00 2379 660337 Loan B 4945 N 74th St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 108,000.00 2380 660340 Loan B 5466 N 40th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 75,600.00 2381 660378 Loan B 5019 N 24th St, Milwaukee, WI 53209 93,600.00 2382 660415 Loan B 40 Marlborough St, Montgomery, AL 36109 93,600.00 2383 660421 Loan B 4530 Spring Valley Dr, Memphis, TN 38128 84,600.00 2384 660431 Loan B 10037 E Ridgefield Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 140,400.00 2385 660434 Loan B 933 Western Park Dr, Memphis, TN 38109 84,240.00 2386 660454 Loan B 1623 Linwood Dr SW, Hartselle, AL 35640 136,800.00 

2387 660457 Loan B 614 Valley View Dr, Taylor Mill, KY 41015 187,200.00 2388 660458 Loan B 5113 Imwalle Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45217 159,120.00 2389 660461 Loan B 3567 Morgan Rd, Hephzibah, GA 30815 144,000.00 2390 660463 Loan B 2576 Laurel Ave, Omaha, NE 68111 118,800.00 2391 660466 Loan B 6318 N 33rd St, Omaha, NE 68111 136,800.00 2392 660470 Loan B 2731 Deen Ave, Augusta, GA 30906 90,000.00 2393 660486 Loan B 6254 Crooked Creek Dr, Mason, OH 45040 244,800.00 2394 660487 Loan B 1440 Baymeadows Dr, Mason, OH 45040 183,600.00 2395 660516 Loan B 4943 Childs Dr, Memphis, TN 38116 97,200.00 2396 660536 Loan B 1321 2nd Ave, Fultondale, AL 35068 140,400.00 2397 660555 Loan B 1939 S 49th St, Omaha, NE 68106 151,200.00 2398 660556 Loan B 8309 E Gregory Blvd, Kansas City, MO 64133 136,800.00 2399 660571 Loan B 1864 Tamara Way, Spartanburg, SC 29301 155,520.00 2400 660586 Loan B 1868 Tamara Way, Spartanburg, SC 29301 154,800.00 2401 660598 Loan B 4101 Baker Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 111,600.00 2402 660604 Loan B 9516 E 69th St, Raytown, MO 64133 122,400.00 2403 660611 Loan B 8 Holiday Cir, Columbia, SC 29206 144,000.00 2404 660656 Loan B 1822 Britton St, Greensboro, NC 27406 122,400.00 2405 660657 Loan B 8503 Tedburn Dr, Little Rock, AR 72209 90,000.00 2406 660684 Loan B 2768 Norwich Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 93,600.00 2407 660686 Loan B 3569 Foxhall Dr, Montgomery, AL 36111 136,800.00 2408 660695 Loan B 2506 South St, Augusta, GA 30906 100,800.00 2409 660705 Loan B 3704 Rome Way, Augusta, GA 30906 121,680.00 2410 660732 Loan B 6704 E 100th St, Kansas City, MO 64134 133,200.00 2411 660773 Loan B 708 Francis Ln, Covington, KY 41011 151,200.00 2412 660777 Loan B 228 Meadowcrest Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63135 86,400.00 2413 660781 Loan B 2004 Ashley Dr, Greensboro, NC 27405 115,200.00 2414 660802 Loan B 1121 Woodlawn Ave, Columbia, SC 29209 144,000.00 2415 660809 Loan B 11038 Saint Raphael Ln, St Ann, MO 63074 116,640.00 2416 660811 Loan B 671 Whiteside Cv, Memphis, TN 38109 83,520.00 2417 660825 Loan B 6 Rose Ave, Florence, KY 41042 165,600.00 2418 660837 Loan B 328 Galbra St, Columbia, SC 29209 100,800.00 2419 660851 Loan B 7 Godwin Ct, Greensboro, NC 27405 180,000.00 2420 660888 Loan B 5045 Blacksmith Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 68,400.00 2421 660891 Loan B 2564 Saint Paul St, Indianapolis, IN 46203 115,200.00 2422 660908 Loan B 3021 S Edgeware Rd, Memphis, TN 38118 86,400.00 2423 660914 Loan B 1445 Rosewood Dr, Montgomery, AL 36111 75,600.00 2424 660931 Loan B 6687 N 52nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53223 115,200.00 2425 660933 Loan B 5391 Breckenwood Dr, Memphis, TN 38127 75,600.00 2426 660941 Loan B 509 Sunrise Blvd, Bessemer, AL 35023 97,200.00 2427 660944 Loan B 3412 Chadbourne St, Augusta, GA 30906 75,600.00 2428 660962 Loan B 5104 S Marion Ave, Independence, MO 64055 126,000.00 2429 660979 Loan B 1093 Hasty Ct SW, Lilburn, GA 30047 316,800.00 2430 660980 Loan B 2164 Hanby Sq N, Columbus, OH 43229 151,200.00 2431 660986 Loan B 3239 N Moccasin Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 126,000.00 2432 660989 Loan B 27 Lexington Dr, Erlanger, KY 41018 172,800.00 2433 660996 Loan B 5153 Ridgewood Rd, Jackson, MS 39211 140,400.00 

2434 660997 Loan B 5634 Brentwood Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 126,000.00 2435 661006 Loan B 1124 Plantation Blvd, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 2436 661027 Loan B 4401 West Dr, North Little Rock, AR 72118 79,200.00 2437 661050 Loan B 6237 W Spencer Pl, Milwaukee, WI 53218 126,000.00 2438 661054 Loan B 343 La Quita Dr SE, Atlanta, GA 30315 216,000.00 2439 661057 Loan B 3717 Westgate Rd, Omaha, NE 68124 167,760.00 2440 661061 Loan B 4407 Procuniar Dr, Huber Heights, OH 45424 140,400.00 2441 661066 Loan B 119 Charing Cross Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 172,800.00 2442 661076 Loan B 4999 Majestic Dr E, Columbus, OH 43232 143,280.00 2443 661088 Loan B 2629 Drayton Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 122,400.00 2444 661112 Loan B 1662 N Parkthorne Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 158,400.00 2445 661122 Loan B 5092 Berta Rd, Memphis, TN 38109 79,200.00 2446 661131 Loan B 3611 Brookshire Rd, Augusta, GA 30906 100,800.00 2447 661151 Loan B 3842 Kipling Ave, Memphis, TN 38128 100,800.00 2448 661170 Loan B 8920 W Rohr Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53225 144,000.00 2449 661186 Loan B 2409 Fairmont St, Augusta, GA 30906 136,800.00 2450 661187 Loan B 531 Lavendula St, Spartanburg, SC 29301 162,000.00 2451 661207 Loan B 528 Hilltonia Ave, Columbus, OH 43223 151,200.00 2452 661229 Loan B 925 Mullanphy Rd, Florissant, MO 63031 111,600.00 2453 661232 Loan B 11048 E Wismar Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 151,200.00 2454 875001 Loan B 3404 N Pleasant St, Independence, MO 64050 147,600.00 2455 875013 Loan B 4214 Canby Ln, Decatur, GA 30035 187,200.00 2456 875018 Loan B 1342 Hibiscus St, Columbia, SC 29205 183,600.00 2457 875021 Loan B 4904 Roebuck Rd NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 144,000.00 2458 875032 Loan B 6609 E 45th St, Indianapolis, IN 46226 136,800.00 2459 875033 Loan B 1934 Night Dr, florissant, MO 63031 136,800.00 2460 875035 Loan B 7404 E 86th St, Kansas City, MO 64138 115,200.00 2461 875049 Loan B 422 W 52nd St, North Little Rock, AR 72118 126,000.00 2462 875054 Loan B 15101 White Ave, Grandview, MO 64030 126,000.00 2463 875056 Loan B 460 Forest Park Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 104,400.00 2464 875068 Loan B 508 Lovelin St, Birmingham, AL 35228 72,000.00 2465 876114 Loan B 1906 Valcon Ave, Columbus, OH 43207 140,400.00 2466 876129 Loan B 1124 E 84th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64131 97,200.00 2467 876135 Loan B 3306 Lafayette Ave, Omaha, NE 68131 144,000.00 2468 876141 Loan B 2112 Balfour St, Augusta, GA 30906 126,000.00 2469 875091 Loan B 1258 Village Trl, Calera, AL 35040 151,200.00 2470 875109 Loan B 21206 Polly Cir, Lake View, AL 35111 126,000.00 2471 875119 Loan B 70 Lansing Cir, Columbia, SC 29203 118,800.00 2472 875122 Loan B 5020 Powell Dr NW, Huntsville, AL 35810 133,200.00 2473 875123 Loan B 305 Southbrook Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 118,800.00 2474 875126 Loan B 2671 Janice Cir NE, Birmingham, AL 35235 104,400.00 2475 875139 Loan B 1002 Greenob Dr, Englewood, OH 45322 206,640.00 2476 875153 Loan B 2375 Richwood Dr, Augusta, GA 30906 115,200.00 2477 875168 Loan B 383 Eagle Pointe Dr, Chapin, SC 29036 205,200.00 2478 875177 Loan B 625 S Montclaire Dr, Olathe, KS 66061 208,800.00 2479 875189 Loan B 2027 Stardust Dr, Tuscaloosa, AL 35405 154,800.00 2480 875201 Loan B 125 Ivy Trce, Calera, AL 35040 169,200.00 

2481 875203 Loan B 107 Sonning Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 172,800.00 2482 875207 Loan B 224 Guardian Dr, Harvest, AL 35749 223,200.00 2483 875208 Loan B 5394 Balboa Ave, Pinson, AL 35126 140,400.00 2484 875212 Loan B 107 Brentwood Dr, Belton, MO 64012 180,000.00 2485 875214 Loan B 6447 Sandy Ridge Curv, Montgomery, AL 36117 129,600.00 2486 875216 Loan B 253 Greenwell Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45238 186,480.00 2487 875226 Loan B 616 Torwood Dr, Columbia, SC 29203 126,000.00 2488 875230 Loan B 109 Darrow Creek Dr, Owens Cross Roads, AL 35763 172,800.00 2489 875255 Loan B 916 SW 17th St, Blue Springs, MO 64015 216,000.00 2490 875264 Loan B 1331 Meadow Glen Rd, Montgomery, AL 36117 194,400.00 2491 875282 Loan B 124 Lawrence St, Prattville, AL 36067 122,400.00 2492 875325 Loan B 1238 Edgebrook Ct, Florence, KY 41042 284,400.00 2493 875340 Loan B 1717 Hillview Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 115,200.00 2494 875352 Loan B 4801 Longmeadow Dr, Bessemer, AL 35022 176,400.00 2495 875354 Loan B 15201 E Mayes Rd, Independence, MO 64050 165,600.00 2496 875364 Loan B 5410 Joni Cir, Pinson, AL 35126 162,000.00 2497 875369 Loan B 970 White Oak Ct, Marysville, OH 43040 252,000.00 2498 875378 Loan B 2704 Constellation Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 147,600.00 2499 875393 Loan B 113 W Long Creek Ct, Simpsonville, SC 29680 198,000.00 2500 875403 Loan B 2000 Windchase Cir, Brandon, MS 39042 140,400.00 2501 875435 Loan B 8699 Inverness Way, Tuscaloosa, AL 35405 165,600.00 2502 875439 Loan B 406 Havershire Dr, Jamestown, NC 27282 248,400.00 2503 875440 Loan B 114 Spring Valley Dr, Brandon, MS 39047 194,400.00 2504 875448 Loan B 603 Mimosa Rd, Prattville, AL 36067 116,640.00 2505 875453 Loan B 2284 E Aberdeen Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 158,400.00 2506 875461 Loan B 9411 Manchester Ave, Kansas City, MO 64138 129,600.00 2507 875464 Loan B 11218 N Virginia Ave, Kansas City, MO 64155 183,600.00 2508 875467 Loan B 92 Old Well Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 151,200.00 2509 875497 Loan B 1214 NW 67th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64118 172,800.00 2510 875512 Loan B 3408 Wide Country Rd, Pfafftown, NC 27040 180,000.00 2511 875526 Loan B 65 Linden Cir, Hueytown, AL 35023 145,440.00 2512 875535 Loan B 604 Bitternut Rd, Columbia, SC 29209 97,200.00 2513 875547 Loan B 1103 Washington Dr, Moody, AL 35004 154,800.00 2514 875550 Loan B 302 Arlington Cir, Ridgeland, MS 39157 169,200.00 2515 875560 Loan B 13009 Astalot Dr SE, Huntsville, AL 35803 237,600.00 2516 875568 Loan B 2752 Fairhaven Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46229 162,000.00 2517 875573 Loan B 138 Thames Dr, Prattville, AL 36066 140,400.00 2518 875580 Loan B 371 Split Rail Dr, Tuscaloosa, AL 35405 158,400.00 2519 875591 Loan B 106 Bataleur Ct, Huntsville, AL 35811 180,000.00 2520 875592 Loan B 12172 4th Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45249 140,400.00 2521 875594 Loan B 2802 Norwich Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 97,200.00 2522 875599 Loan B 1511 SW 19th St, Blue Springs, MO 64015 216,000.00 2523 875613 Loan B 819 Timberlain Dr, Jackson, MS 39211 122,400.00 2524 875635 Loan B 4809 NW Woody Creek Ln, Kansas City, MO 64151 190,800.00 2525 875643 Loan B 11009 N Ditman Ave, Kansas City, MO 64157 205,200.00 2526 875644 Loan B 11307 N Marsh Ave, Kansas City, MO 64157 208,800.00 2527 875645 Loan B 406 Brookcliff Rd, Cayce, SC 29033 118,800.00 

2528 875649 Loan B 507 Worthville St, Randleman, NC 27317 176,400.00 2529 875654 Loan B 1921 McAlister St, Columbia, SC 29204 126,000.00 2530 875666 Loan B 3915 Pearl St, Columbia, SC 29203 169,200.00 2531 875692 Loan B 221 Chartwell Rd, Columbia, SC 29210 158,400.00 2532 875697 Loan B 169 Dogwood Cir, Brandon, MS 39047 144,000.00 2533 875698 Loan B 160 Twisted Hill Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 154,800.00 2534 875700 Loan B 217 Saint Stephens E, Irmo, SC 29063 194,400.00 2535 875705 Loan B 8415 Farmhill Rd, Indianapolis, IN 46231 187,200.00 2536 875709 Loan B 8104 NE 48th Ter, Kansas City, MO 64119 147,600.00 2537 875721 Loan B 10217 Snowflake Ln, Colerain Twp, OH 45251 165,600.00 2538 875728 Loan B 509 26th Ave NW, Center Point, AL 35215 90,000.00 2539 875730 Loan B 1220 N Withers Rd, Liberty, MO 64068 223,200.00 2540 875737 Loan B 8819 Grenada Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 108,000.00 2541 875741 Loan B 449 Forest Hills Dr, Montgomery, AL 36109 93,600.00 2542 875749 Loan B 118 Tammy Gaines Ln, Huntsville, AL 35811 154,800.00 2543 875766 Loan B 331 S Royal Tower Dr, Irmo, SC 29063 180,000.00 2544 875772 Loan B 116 Ridgeway Dr, Ridgeland, MS 39157 144,000.00 2545 875778 Loan B 10520 Hunt Cir, Tuscaloosa, AL 35405 162,000.00 2546 875785 Loan B 5812 N Oakley Ave, Kansas City, MO 64119 158,400.00 2547 875786 Loan B 2236 Meagan Dr, Byram, MS 39272 133,200.00 2548 875788 Loan B 8201 Elm Ave, Raytown, MO 64138 158,400.00 2549 875791 Loan B 202 W Sierra Dr, Raymore, MO 64083 205,200.00 2550 875847 Loan B 3713 Roseberry Ln, Winston Salem, NC 27107 158,400.00 2551 875849 Loan B 200 Elders Pond Dr, Columbia, SC 29229 147,600.00 2552 875860 Loan B 2720 Roman Way, West Columbia, SC 29170 176,400.00 2553 875869 Loan B 881 Delverton Rd, Columbia, SC 29203 129,600.00 2554 875895 Loan B 5072 Juiata Dr, Irondale, AL 35210 165,600.00 2555 875917 Loan B 3722 Old Marlboro Rd, Sophia, NC 27350 187,200.00 2556 875946 Loan B 309 Firebrick Ln, Columbia, SC 29229 129,600.00 2557 875954 Loan B 2510 Drumcliff Ct, Hephzibah, GA 30815 136,800.00 2558 875957 Loan B 880 Delverton Rd, Columbia, SC 29203 118,800.00 2559 875964 Loan B 5140 Bonnie Ruth Rd, Trussville, AL 35173 176,400.00 2560 875965 Loan B 555 Archwood Way, Odenville, AL 35120 183,600.00 2561 875976 Loan B 963 7th Pl, Pleasant Grove, AL 35127 133,200.00 2562 875984 Loan B 10249 Storm Dr, Colerain Twp, OH 45251 165,600.00 2563 875996 Loan B 735 Brookland Curv, Montgomery, AL 36117 126,000.00 2564 876000 Loan B 1537 55th Ct E, Tuscaloosa, AL 35404 126,000.00 2565 876001 Loan B 2920 Belwood Dr, Augusta, GA 30909 172,800.00 2566 876002 Loan B 5760 Sweet Meadow Dr, Montgomery, AL 36117 111,600.00 2567 876005 Loan B 1220 Camellia Woods Ct, Prattville, AL 36067 126,000.00 2568 876020 Loan B 25 Jane Ct, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 180,000.00 2569 876034 Loan B 710 Blackbird Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 115,200.00 2570 876083 Loan B 370 Monterey Dr, Florissant, MO 63031 126,000.00 2571 876097 Loan B 11757 Elkwood Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45240 154,800.00 2572 876112 Loan B 10214 Ridgefield Dr, Indianapolis, IN 46235 140,400.00 2573 876147 Loan B 3983 Clabber Rd, Columbus, OH 43207 172,800.00 2574 876178 Loan B 2009 Mistyhill Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45240 118,800.00 

2575 661268 Loan B 3096 Bluefield Dr, Columbus, OH 43207 126,000.00 2576 661274 Loan B 2112 Hillsinger Rd, Augusta, GA 30904 154,800.00 2577 661275 Loan B 611 Vanney Cir, Boiling Springs, SC 29316 154,800.00 2578 661276 Loan B 1135 Omega Dr, Columbia, SC 29223 118,800.00 2579 661277 Loan B 5785 Darien Dr, Montgomery, AL 36117 100,800.00 2580 661280 Loan B 5420 Penway Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46224 117,360.00 2581 661281 Loan B 4694 Laurel Downs Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 111,600.00 2582 661287 Loan B 4955 N 72nd St, Milwaukee, WI 53218 118,800.00 2583 661309 Loan B 4050 Hobson Rd, Memphis, TN 38128 97,200.00 2584 661320 Loan B 1135 Hempstead Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45231 162,000.00 2585 661335 Loan B 2437 Madrid Dr S, Augusta, GA 30906 111,600.00 2586 661338 Loan B 213 Nikon Cir, West Columbia, SC 29172 126,000.00 2587 661339 Loan B 4228 Gunar Dr, Byram, MS 39272 129,600.00 2588 661355 Loan B 3028 Susan Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 82,800.00 2589 661367 Loan B 425 Morrvue Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45238 93,600.00 2590 661370 Loan B 4849 Sunshine Dr, Montgomery, AL 36116 86,400.00 2591 661388 Loan B 6625 Wendover Wy, Montgomery, AL 36116 140,400.00 2592 661400 Loan B 4003 W Lake Rd, Jackson, MS 39212 126,000.00 2593 661402 Loan B 3262 Glen Logan Rd, Memphis, TN 38134 143,280.00 2594 661413 Loan B 927 Renwood Dr, Dayton, OH 45429 165,600.00 2595 661415 Loan B 5027 Oak Creek Dr, Jackson, MS 39212 64,800.00 2596 661429 Loan B 9685 Dunraven Dr, Cincinnati, OH 45251 133,200.00 2597 661435 Loan B 3128 N Pawnee Ct, Indianapolis, IN 46235 104,400.00 2598 661444 Loan B 3317 Beechmont St, Memphis, TN 38127 66,240.00 2599 661447 Loan B 1305 Ware Blvd, Birmingham, AL 35235 108,000.00 2600 661479 Loan B 4037 Burning Tree Ln, Augusta, GA 30906 129,600.00 2601 661504 Loan B 2515 Burchard Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 100,800.00 2602 661513 Loan B 1748 Elkins Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 68,400.00 2603 661516 Loan B 1801 Glenbrae Ln, Saint Louis, MO 63136 72,000.00 2604 661519 Loan B 1627 Hudson Rd, Saint Louis, MO 63136 104,400.00 2605 661526 Loan B 1911 Keelen Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 68,400.00 2606 661528 Loan B 1736 Keelen Dr, Saint Louis, MO 63136 72,000.00 2607 662099 Loan B 55 Waterside Way, Covington, KY 41017 176,400.00 

SCHEDULE III 
 
 Reserved 

SCHEDULE IV 
 
 EXCEPTIONS TO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 None. 

SCHEDULE V 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE, PRIOR NAMES, EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER AND ORGANIZATIONAL CHART 
 
 Legal Name VB Ten, LLC 
 
 Prior Names None 
 
 Chief Executive Office 
 
 FEIN 
 
 Delaware Organization Number 
 
 Organizational Chart Attached 

SCHEDULE VI 
 
 Reserved 

SCHEDULE VII 
 
 HOA PROPERTIES 
 
 Attached. 

SCHEDULE VIII 
 
 Reserved 

SCHEDULE IX 
 
 RESERVED 

SCHEDULE X 
 
 NOTICE ADDRESSES 
 
 Any Relevant Party 
 
 c o NexPoint Real Estate Advisors 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700 Dallas, Texas 75201 Attn Paul Richards Email prichards nexpointadvisors.com 
 with a copy to 
 c o NexPoint Real Estate Advisors 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700 Dallas, Texas 75201 Attn Legal Department Email legal nexpointadvisors.com 
 with a copy to 
 c o Vinebrook Homes Trust, Inc. 3500 Park Center Drive, Suite 100 Dayton, Ohio 45414 Attn Graham Strong Email graham.strong vinebrookhomes.com 
 and with a copy to 
 Wick Phillips Gould & Martin LLP 3131 McKinney Avenue, Suite 500 Dallas, Texas 75204 Attn Chris Fuller and Rachel Sam Emails chris.fuller wickphillips.com and rachel.sam wickphillips.com 
 MLIC Lender 
 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 Attention Associate Director SFR Lending 
 with a copy to 
 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC Investments, Law Dept. One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 

Attention Chief Counsel Investments Email Sec_Invest_Law metlife.coM 
 with a copy to 
 Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP 101 Park Avenue New York, New York 10178 Attention Ferdinand J. Gallo III, Esq. Email ferdinand.gallo morganlewis.com 
 MTLIC Lender 
 
 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 Attention Associate Director SFR Lending 
 with a copy to 
 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company c o MetLife Investment Management, LLC Investments, Law Dept. One MetLife Way Whippany, New Jersey 07981 Attention Chief Counsel Investments Email Sec_Invest_Law metlife.coM 
 with a copy to 
 Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP 101 Park Avenue New York, New York 10178 Attention Ferdinand J. Gallo III, Esq. Email ferdinand.gallo morganlewis.com 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 vhti-2024930x10qxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Good, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 s John Good John Good Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 vhti-2024930x10qxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Paul Richards, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 1, 2024 
 s Paul Richards Paul Richards Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 vhti-2024930x10qxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of VineBrook Homes Trust, Inc. (the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, John Good, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Paul Richards, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 1, 2024 
 s John Good John Good 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated November 1, 2024 
 s Paul Richards Paul Richards 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vhti-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vhti-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vhti-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vhti-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vhti-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

