<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1807166_0001213900-24-098441.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2261942</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51519</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>660823</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>391341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>501540</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>610176</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098441.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098441
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amesite Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				823431717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39553
		FILM NUMBER:		241462486

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 516-7633

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Amesite Operating Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098441.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0219510-10q_amesite.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended: 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

There were shares of the registrant s
common stock issued and outstanding as of November 14, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 17 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 18 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 19 

SIGNATURES 
 
 20 

- i - 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events,
future financial performance, financial projections, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as may, 
 should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, 
 expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance
or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements are made or management s
good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to a number of risks, and uncertainties and assumptions
that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.
These risks are more fully described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following is a
summary of such risks: 

our planned online machine learning platform s ability to enable universities and other clients to offer timely, improved popular courses and certification programs, without becoming software tech companies; 

our planned online machine learning platform s ability to result in opportunistic incremental revenue for colleges, universities and other clients, and improved ability to garner state funds due to increased retention and graduation rates through use of machine learning and natural language processing; 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our ability to obtain additional funds for our operations; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our technologies and our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 

our reliance on third parties to conduct our business and studies; 

our reliance on third party designers, suppliers, and partners to provide and maintain our learning platform; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel; 

our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act; 

our financial performance; 

the impact of government regulation and developments relating to our competitors or our industry; and 

other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors. 

These
statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from
current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on September 30, 2024. 

Any
forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect our current view with respect to future events and are subject
to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our business, results of operations, industry and future growth. Given
these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee
of future performance. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the documents that we reference herein and have filed as
exhibits hereto completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these
forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains, or may contain, estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our
business and the markets for our products, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets and their projected growth rates.
Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual
events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly
stated, we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared
by third parties, industry and general publications, government data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to
the sources from which these data are derived. 

- ii - 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Amesite Inc. 

Condensed Financial Statements 

September 30, 2024 

- 1 - 

Amesite Inc. 

Contents 

Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 Page 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 
 4 

Condensed Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 
 5 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 
 6 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 7 

- 2 - 

Amesite Inc. 

Condensed Balance Sheets (unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Property and equipment - net 

Capitalized software - net 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities: 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue 
 
 -

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 

- 3 - 

Amesite Inc. 

Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 

September 30 

2024 
 2023 

Net Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Technology and content development 

Sales and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income 

Interest income 

Total other income 

Net Loss 

Loss per Share 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 

- 4 - 

Amesite Inc. 

Condensed Statement of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance - July 1, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Balance - September 30, 2023 

Balance - July 1, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for consulting services 

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Balance - September 30, 2024 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 

- 5 - 

Amesite Inc. 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 

September 30 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile change in net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Value of common stock issued in exchange for consulting services 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities which used cash: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Investment in capitalized software 

Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 

- 6 - 

Amesite, Inc. 

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 and 2023 

- 7 - 

. 

years Computer equipment and software years 

- 8 - 

Additions 

Ending capitalized software 

Beginning accumulated amortization 

Amortization expense 

Ending accumulated amortization 

Capitalized software - net 

and , respectively and included as part of Technology
and content development in the Statements of Operations. 

and
 , respectively, related to services provided over time. 

of total revenue. 

- 9 - 

Plus billings 

Less revenue recognized 

Closing balance 

and , respectively. 

. Information about the assumptions used in the calculation of stock-based compensation expense is set forth in
Note 3 in the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 

- 10 - 

and
 potentially dilutive shares of common stock related to common stock options and warrants, respectively, as determined using the
if-converted method. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the dilutive effect of common stock options and common stock
warrants has not been included in the average shares outstanding for the calculation of net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive
as a result of our net losses in these periods. 

- 11 - 

of total unrecognized compensation costs for employees and non-employees
related to nonvested options. These costs are expected to be recognized through December 2026. 

Additional vesting Outstanding and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 

On September 29, 2021, the board of directors
approved changes to our director compensation program for fiscal year 2022 and beyond. The board instituted an annual cash retainer for
directors in the amount of per director with an additional retainer for the chair of our Compensation Committee and Audit Committee
of and , respectively. Directors can choose to receive deferred stock units in lieu of cash payments. For the three months
ended September 30, 2024, in deferred stock units were awarded and in cash compensation was accrued. 

On May 3,
2024, the board of directors of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the 2018 Plan by shares and increase the number of shares
that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options by shares. The amendment to the 2018 Plan
is intended to ensure that the Company can continue to provide an incentive to employees, directors and consultants by enabling them to
share in the Company s future growth. If approved by the stockholders, all of the additional shares would be available for grant
as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
or as nonqualified stock options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, or other kinds of equity-based compensation available
under the 2018 Plan. The amendment to the 2018 Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders at the Company s special meeting
on June 18, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has 
shares of common stock available for granting under the Plan. 

On August 1, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock
to a consultant under an agreement for activities related to potential future financing. The market value of those shares is
reflected in the Company s common stock and additional paid in capital accounts and has been capitalized as deferred issuance costs
and shown as a current asset as of September 30, 2024. These costs will be recognized as an expense against the proceeds of a potential
future equity issuance, or amortized over the life of the debt of a potential future debt issuance, or if an equity or debt transaction
is not executed, then expensed at the conclusion of the contract with the consultant in July 2025. 

warrants outstanding. 

The Company measures the fair value of warrants
using the Black-Scholes Model. No warrants have been issued during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended June 30,
2024. 

million of net operating loss
carryforwards available to reduce future income taxes, of which approximately of net operating loss carryforwards expire
in 2037. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of the net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets as a result of
the Company s limited operating history and operating losses since inception, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against
the Company s deferred tax assets. 

- 12 - 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our unaudited condensed financial statements and related notes
appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited financial statements and related notes for the year ended June
30, 2024 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on September 30, 2024.
In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain
factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, including those factors set forth in the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
and in the section entitled Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A. 

Overview 

The following discussion highlights our results
of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding
of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on
our unaudited condensed financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which we have prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and the requirements of the SEC. You should read the discussion and analysis
together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

The Company is developing its customer base and
has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover its expenses. The Company has had a history
of net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception and expects to continue to incur net losses and use cash
in its operations in the foreseeable future. 

We are not currently
profitable, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will ever be profitable. We incurred a net loss of 908,045 for the three months
ended September 30, 2024, and we incurred a net loss of 38.7 million for the period from November 14, 2017 (date of incorporation) to
September 30, 2024. 

The assessment of the
Company s ability to meet its future obligations is inherently judgmental, subjective and susceptible to change. Based on their
current forecast, management believes that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to maintain the Company s planned operations
for the next twelve months following the issuance of these condensed financial statements; however, there is uncertainty in the forecast and
therefore the Company cannot assert that it is probable. The Company has considered both quantitative and qualitative factors that are
known or reasonably knowable as of the date of these condensed financial statements are issued and concluded that there are conditions
present in the aggregate that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

In response to the conditions,
management plans include generating cash by completing financing transactions, which may include offerings of common stock. However, these
plans are subject to market conditions, and are not within the Company s control, and therefore, cannot be deemed probable. There
is no assurance that the Company will be successful in implementing their plans. As a result, the Company has concluded that management s
plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Financial Position, Liquidity, and Capital
Resources 

We are not currently profitable, and we cannot
provide any assurance that we will ever be profitable. We incurred a net loss of 908,045 for the three months ended September 30, 2024,
and we incurred a net loss of 37.8 million for the period from November 14, 2017 (date of incorporation) to September 30, 2024. 

During the period from November 14, 2017 (date of incorporation) to
September 30, 2020, we raised net proceeds of approximately 11,760,000 from private placement financing transactions (stock and debt).
On September 25, 2020, we completed the Offering of 250,000 shares of our common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, at an offering price
of 60.00 per share (total net proceeds of approximately 12.8 million after underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering costs). 

- 13 - 

On August 2, 2021, we entered into a purchase
agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), under which, subject
to specified terms and conditions, we may sell up to 16.5 million shares of common stock. Our net proceeds under the Purchase Agreement
will depend on the frequency of sales and the number of shares sold to Lincoln Park and the prices at which we sell shares to Lincoln
Park. On August 2, 2021, we sold 63,260 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park in an initial purchase under the Purchase Agreement
for a total purchase price of 1,500,000. We also issued 12,727 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its irrevocable
commitment to purchase our common stock under the Purchase Agreement. 

On February 16, 2022, we closed on a public offering
of common stock and received approximately 2.51 million of cash proceeds, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering
costs. 

On September 1, 2022, we closed on a public offering
of common stock and concurrent private placement of warrants and received approximately 1.85 million of cash proceeds, net of underwriting
discounts, commissions, and other offering costs. 

As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalent balance totaled
 1,434,753. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying condensed financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company is developing its customer base and
has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover its expenses. The Company has had a history
of net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception and expects to continue to incur net losses and use cash
in its operations in the foreseeable future. 

The assessment of the Company s ability
to meet its future obligations is inherently judgmental, subjective and susceptible to change. Based on their current forecast, management
believes that it may not have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to maintain the Company s planned operations for the next twelve
months following the issuance of these condensed financial statements. 

The Company has considered both quantitative and
qualitative factors that are known or reasonably known as of the date of these condensed financial statements are issued and concluded
that there are conditions present in the aggregate that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. In response to the conditions, management plans include generating cash by completing financing transactions, which may include
offerings of common stock. However, these plans are subject to market conditions, and are not within the Company s control, and
therefore, cannot be deemed probable. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in implementing their plans. As a result,
the Company has concluded that management s plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these
estimates if conditions differ from our assumptions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 in the
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements, we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making
significant judgments and estimates in preparation of our condensed financial statements. 

- 14 - 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, including US Treasury
Market Fund 

As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 our
cash and cash equivalents totaled 1,434,753 and 2.071,016, respectively with the majority invested in a short-term US Treasury Fund
returning approximately 4.2. The Fund is invested in US Treasuries with a 7-day liquidity. The decision to allocate funds to the short-term
US Treasury Fund is based on our investment strategy, which prioritizes liquidity and stability while receiving current rate returns.
The returns from the fund for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 4.2 and in line with our expectations and the broader market
trends for similar investment vehicles. We continuously monitor our investment portfolio, considering market conditions and our liquidity
needs, ensuring alignment with our broader financial strategy and risk tolerance. 

Internally Developed Capitalized Software 

We capitalize certain costs related to the development
of software for our customers, primarily consisting of direct labor and third-party vendor costs associated with creating the software.
Software development projects generally include three stages: the preliminary project stage (all costs are expensed as incurred), the
application development stage (certain costs are capitalized and certain costs are expensed as incurred) and the post-implementation/operation
stage (all costs are expensed as incurred). Costs capitalized in the application development stage include costs related to the design
and implementation of the selected software components, software build and configuration infrastructure, and software interfaces. Capitalization
of costs requires judgment in determining when a project has reached the application development stage, the proportion of time spent in
the application development stage, and the period over which we expect to benefit from the use of that software. Once the software is
placed in service, these costs are amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which is generally
three years. 

The Company capitalized software of 148,000 and
 374,700 and recognized amortization expense of 111,939 and 508,318 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended June
30, 2024, respectively. 

Results of Operations 

Revenue Recognition 

We generate substantially all our revenue from
contractual arrangements with businesses, colleges and universities and K-12 schools to provide a comprehensive platform of tightly integrated
technology and technology enabled services related to product offerings. Revenue related to our licensing arrangements is generally recognized
ratably over the contract term commencing upon platform delivery. Revenue related to licensing arrangements recognized in a given time
period will consist of contracts that went live in the current period or that went live in previous periods and are currently ongoing. 

We have recorded accounts receivable of 0 and
 30,600 as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. We have set up deferred revenue liabilities at the end of each period
to reflect performance obligations to be performed in future periods for our services delivered over time. Future obligations related
to deferred revenue totaled 24,375 and 0 as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 respectively. 

The majority of our customers are private and
public learning institutions across various domestic regions. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, one customer comprised 100 
of total revenue. 

Revenue 

We generated revenues of 11,250 for the three months ended September
30, 2024 as compared to 63,333 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

- 15 - 

We have strongly pivoted
to grow our customer base while reducing risk and losses, resulting in a larger client base, a short-term reduction in overall revenue
and a dramatic reduction in cash burn. Larger, cash-upfront deals were struggling to produce sustainable revenue, as administrative barriers
within nonprofits, high price points set by customers, and inability or unwillingness of customers to partner with schools, businesses
and other entities to purchase products hampered growth. 

We continue to believe
that AI-powered learning programs, priced affordably, will supplant other academic products in the mid to long term, but have defocused
on securing change agent customers, and are now offering our academic platform for use by any community college on a fee-per-course
basis. The incremental cost to Amesite in delivering the system is de minimis , as the system is turnkey, and the technology
stack is robust. We have focused all new development work on delivering AI tools to markets hungry for increased capability that immediately
impacts both their performance and their bottom line. The NurseMagic TM app is the first of these and has already gained
traction with larger entities. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We issue four types of stock-based awards under
our stock plans: stock options, restricted stock units, deferred stock units, and stock warrants. All stock-based awards granted to employees,
directors and independent contractors are measured at fair value at each grant date. We rely on the Black-Scholes option pricing model
for estimating the fair value of stock-based awards granted, and expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s
stock prices. Stock options generally vest over two years from the grant date and generally have ten-year contractual terms. Restricted
stock units generally have a term of 12 months from the closing date of the agreement. Stock warrants issued have a term of five years.
Information about the assumptions used in the calculation of stock-based compensation expense is set forth in Note 3 in the Notes to Condensed
Financial Statements. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of personnel and personnel-related expenses, including executive management, legal, finance, human resources and other departments that
do not provide direct operational services. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees and other corporate expenses. 

General and administrative expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 were 633,122 as compared to 438,262 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase between
the three-month periods is due to the recording of Board Compensation in the current quarter, offset by savings due to deliberate cost
reductions, including reductions in headcount and associated administrative costs. These reductions were made possible by completion of
certain features and platform capabilities that require less staffing to maintain than to build. 

Technology and Content Development 

Technology and content development expenses consist
primarily of personnel and personnel-related expenses and contracted services associated with the ongoing improvement and maintenance
of our platform as well as hosting and licensing costs. Technology and content expenses also include the amortization of capitalized software
costs. 

Technology and content development expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 139,658 as compared to 333,434 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decreases
between the three-month periods in technology reflect the increase in capital asset additions and reductions in headcount and associated
administrative costs, since these costs scale with staff. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expense consist primarily
of activities to attract customers to our offerings. This includes personnel and personnel-related expenses, various search engine and
social media costs as well as the cost of advertising. 

Sales and marketing expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 were 165,814 as compared to 241,627 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease between the
three-month periods in sales and marketing are principally related to moving certain marketing functions from outside providers to inside
staff. 

Interest Income 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
interest income totaled 19,299 as compared to interest income of 59,297 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 908,045 as compared to a net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 890,693. 

Capital Expenditures 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had capital
asset additions of 148,000 and 65,200, respectively. We will continue to capitalize significant software development costs, comprised
primarily of internal payroll, payroll related and contractor costs, as we build out and complete our technology platforms. 

- 16 - 

Reverse Split of Stock 

On February 15, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the stockholders also approved a proposal to amend
the Company s certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001 at a specific ratio within a range of one-for five (1-for-5) to a maximum of one-for-fifty (1-for-50) to be determined
by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. 

Following the Special Meeting, the board of directors
approved a one-for-twelve (1-for-12) reverse split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse
Stock Split ). On February 21, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of amendment
to its certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment to affect the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock
Split became effective as of 4:01 p.m. Eastern Time on February 21, 2023, and the Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted
basis when the Nasdaq Stock Market opens on February 22, 2023. 

On March 8, 2023, the Company received a letter
from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that because the Company s common stock had a closing bid price
at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days, the Company had regained compliance with the minimum bid price
requirement of 1.00 per share for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The Company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision, and with the participation of, our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer), of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

- 17 - 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows may be impacted by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the occurrence of any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our actual results. There have
been no material changes in our risk factors from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none
of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K. 

- 18 - 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39553 
 
 3.1 
 
 November 16, 
2020 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39553 
 
 3.2 
 
 November 16, 
2020 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 is formatted in Inline XBRL 

X 

This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

- 19 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

AMESITE INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ann Marie Sastry 

Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

-20- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021951001ex31-1_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D., certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Amesite Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021951001ex31-2_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Sherlyn W. Farrell, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Amesite Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021951001ex32-1_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Amesite Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby
certifies in her capacity as Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Amesite Inc. 

November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The certification set forth above is being furnished
as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document of Amesite Inc. or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021951001ex32-2_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Amesite Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby
certifies in her capacity as Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Amesite Inc. 

November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The certification set forth above is being furnished
as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document of Amesite Inc. or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 amst-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 amst-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 amst-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 amst-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 amst-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

