<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1289636_0001289636-24-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5939193</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81763</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1021296</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2047785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1337459</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1342950</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001289636-24-000044.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106160752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001289636-24-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROFIRE ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001289636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				200019425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36378
		FILM NUMBER:		241430945

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 SOUTH 1250 WEST, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LINDON
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-796-5127

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 SOUTH 1250 WEST, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LINDON
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84042

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLOORING ZONE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Flooring Zone Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001289636-24-000044.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 pfie-20240930.htm
 10-Q

pfie-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period From ________ to _________ 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No 
 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had 53,687,955 shares of common stock issued and shares of common stock outstanding, par value 0.001. 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 8 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 9 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 28 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 28 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 29 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 29 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 29 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 
 Item 5. Other Information 29 
 Item 6. Exhibits 30 
 Signatures 30 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 Financial Information 
 
 PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets As of 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (Unaudited) CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net (note 3) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (note 4) Total Current Assets LONG-TERM ASSETS Net deferred tax asset Long-term investments Lease right-of-use asset (note 6) Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total Long-Term Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued liabilities (note 5) Current lease liability (note 6) Income taxes payable Total Current Liabilities LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Net deferred income tax liability Long-term lease liability (note 6) TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (note 7) Preferred stock: par value, shares authorized: shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock: par value, shares authorized: issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (See Note 1) (See Note 1) REVENUES (note 8) Sales of products, net Sales of services, net Total Revenues COST OF SALES Cost of sales - products Cost of sales - services Total Cost of Sales GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative Research and development Depreciation and amortization Total Operating Expenses INCOME FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Gain on sale of property and equipment Other expense ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Total Other Income INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX EXPENSE ) ) ) ) NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE FULLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE BASIC WEIGHTED AVG NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING FULLY DILUTED WEIGHTED AVG NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock based compensation Stock issued in exercise of stock options Stock issued in settlement of RSUs and accrued bonuses Tax withholdings paid related to stock based compensation ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Unrealized gains on investments Net income Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) Stock based compensation Stock issued in exercise of stock options Stock issued in settlement of RSUs ) Tax withholdings paid related to stock based compensation ) ) Treasury stock repurchased ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Unrealized gains on investments Net income Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock based compensation Stock issued in exercise of stock options Stock issued in settlement of RSUs Tax withholdings paid related to stock based compensation ) ) Treasury stock repurchased ) ) ) Foreign currency translation Unrealized gains on investments Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock based compensation Stock issued in settlement of RSUs and accrued bonuses Tax withholdings paid related to stock based compensation ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Unrealized gains on investments Net income Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock based compensation Stock issued in exercise of stock options Stock issued in settlement of RSUs ) Tax withholdings paid related to stock based compensation ) ) Treasury stock repurchased ) ) ) Foreign currency translation Unrealized losses on investments ) ) Net income Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock based compensation Stock issued in exercise of stock options Stock issued in settlement of RSUs Tax withholdings paid related to stock based compensation ) ) Treasury stock repurchased ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Unrealized losses on investments ) ) Net income Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) Bad debt expense Stock awards issued for services Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Income taxes receivable/payable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Deferred tax asset/liability Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Sale (purchase) of investments ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Value of equity awards surrendered by employees for tax liability ) ) Cash received in exercise of stock options Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Principal paid toward lease liability ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) NET CHANGE IN CASH ) CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION CASH PAID FOR: Interest Income taxes NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES Common stock issued in settlement of accrued bonuses Common stock issued for stock options 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

NOTE 1 - 

NOTE 2 
 
 9 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 NOTE 3 
 
 Finished goods Subtotal Reserve for obsolescence ) ) Total 

NOTE 4 
 
 Accrued receivables Prepaid insurance Interest receivables Other Total 

NOTE 5 
 
 Deferred revenue Inventory-related payables Tax-related payables Warranty liabilities Other Total 

10 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 NOTE 6 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Total Lease right-of-use assets Financing current lease liability Operating current lease liability Total Current lease liability Financing long-term lease liability Operating long-term lease liability Total Long-term lease liability 
 
 We have leases for office equipment and office space. The leases for office equipment are classified as financing leases, and the typical term is between and months. We have the option to extend most office equipment leases, but we do not intend to do so. Accordingly, no extensions have been recognized in the right-of-use asset or lease liability. The office equipment lease payments are not variable, and the lease agreements do not include any non-lease components, residual value guarantees, or restrictions. There are no interest rates implicit in the office equipment lease agreements, so we have used our incremental borrowing rate to determine the discount rate to be applied to our financing leases for the purpose of determining our lease liabilities. The weighted average discount rate applied to our financing leases was through 2023 and is in 2024, and the weighted average remaining lease term is years. 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Total financing lease cost 
 
 We lease warehouse spaces, one with a lease, and another with a lease, both of which are recorded as operating leases. The weighted average discount rate applied to our operating leases was through 2023 and is in 2024, and the weighted average remaining lease term is years. The remainder of our office space leases are considered to be short-term, and we have elected not to recognize those on our balance sheet under the short-term recognition exemption. Operating lease expense recognized during the three- and nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and , and and , respectively. 
 11 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Amount representing interest Present value of future payments Current portion Long-term portion 

NOTE 7 
 
 and shares of its common stock in treasury at a total cost of and , respectively. 
 
 On May 22, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors (the "Board") had authorized a share repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to worth of the Company s common stock from time to time through June 30, 2025. Purchases under the program will be made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan to be entered into at the discretion of management. The size and timing of any purchases were and will be dependent on price, market and business conditions and other factors. 
 
 On May 9, 2023, the Company announced that the Board had authorized a share repurchase program allowing the Company to repurchase up to worth of the Company s common stock from time to time through April 30, 2024. Purchases under the program were made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan entered into in June 2023. The size and timing of any purchases were dependent on price, market and business conditions and other factors. As of December 2023, the Company had spent the full allotment under this program. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance-based RSUs, and stock options outstanding with in remaining compensation expense to be recognized over the next years. See further details below about certain subsets of these outstanding equity-based awards. 
 
 On June 12, 2024, pursuant to the annual renewal of director compensation, the Board approved a grant of RSUs to the Company's independent directors. Half of the RSUs vested immediately on the date of grant and the remaining of the RSUs will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date or at the Company's next annual meeting of stockholders, whichever is earlier. The awards will result in total compensation expense of approximately to be recognized over the vesting period. 
 
 On April 9, 2024, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Compensation Committee") approved the 2024 Executive Incentive Plan (the 2024 EIP for Ryan W. Oviatt, the Company's Co-CEO, Co-President, and CFO, Cameron M. Tidball, the Company's Co-CEO and Co-President, and Patrick D. Fisher, the Company's Vice President of Product Development. The 2024 EIP provides for the potential award of incentive compensation to the participants based on the Company s financial performance in fiscal 2024. If earned, the incentive compensation will be payable in cash and stock, and the stock portion of the incentive compensation is intended to constitute an award under the Company's 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2023 Plan"). In addition to the 2024 EIP, the Board also approved as a long-term incentive plan the grants of a restricted stock unit awards to Messrs. Oviatt, Tidball, and Fisher pursuant to the 2023 Plan (the 2024 LTIP ). 
 12 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

of his base salary as of December 31, 2024, the target incentive compensation amount for Mr. Tidball is equal to of his base salary as of December 31, 2024, and the target incentive compensation for Mr. Fisher is equal to of his base salary as of December 31, 2024. Under no circumstance can the participants receive more than times the assigned target incentive compensation. 
 
 Participants will be eligible to receive incentive compensation based upon reaching or exceeding performance goals established by the Compensation Committee for fiscal 2024. The performance goals in the 2024 EIP are based on the Company s total revenue, EBITDA, and two non-financial factors including strategic growth initiatives and safety and other. Each of the revenue, EBITDA, and strategic growth initiatives performance goals will be weighted while the safety and other goal will be weighted in calculating incentive compensation amounts. 
 
 The incentive compensation amounts earned under the 2024 EIP, if any, will be paid in cash and in shares of restricted stock under the 2023 Plan. In no event shall the total award exceed of the target incentive compensation amount for each participant, or exceed any limitations otherwise set forth in the 2023 Plan. The actual incentive compensation amounts, if any, will be determined by the Compensation Committee upon the completion of fiscal 2024 reporting period and paid by March 15, 2025, subject to all applicable tax withholding. 
 
 2024 LTIP 
 
 The 2024 LTIP consists of total awards of up to restricted stock units Units to Mr. Oviatt, up to Units to Mr. Tidball, and up to Units to Mr. Fisher, pursuant to separate restricted stock unit award agreements (collectively, the 2024 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements entered between the Company and each participant. One such agreement covers of each award recipient s Units that are subject to time-based vesting, and the other such agreement covers the remaining of such award recipient s Units that may vest based on performance metrics. Upon vesting, the award agreements entitle the award recipients to receive share of the Company s common stock for each vested Unit. The vesting period of the 2024 LTIP began on January 1, 2024 and terminates on December 31, 2026 (the 2024 LTIP Performance Vesting Date ). 
 
 The Units subject to time-based vesting, including Units to Mr. Oviatt, Units for Mr. Tidball, and Units to Mr. Fisher, will vest in equal and annual installments beginning January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2026 if the award recipients employment continues with the Company through such dates. 
 
 Units for Mr. Oviatt, Units for Mr. Tidball, and Units to Mr. Fisher, may vest over a performance period beginning January 1, 2024 (the 2024 LTIP Performance Period based upon the following Company performance metrics: 
 
 Performance Metrics Weight Target Above Target Outstanding Total Shareholder Return (based on the Company s closing price of its common stock at the end of the 2024 LTIP Performance Period relative to its closing price as of the last trading day in 2023) 1/3 Relative Total Shareholder Return (based on the Company s ranked performance in closing stock price growth relative to a peer group of companies during the 2024 LTIP Performance Period) 1/3 Third Quartile Second Quartile First Quartile EBITDA as a Percentage of Total Revenue 1/3 
 
 One-third of such performance-vesting Units, consisting of Units for Mr. Oviatt, Units for Mr. Tidball, and Units for Mr. Fisher, may vest for each of the performance metrics identified in the table above. The number of Units that will vest for each performance metric on the 2024 LTIP Performance Vesting Date shall be determined as follows: 
 a. if the Target level for such performance metric is not achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 13 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 c. if the Above Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest; and 
 d. if the Outstanding level for such performance metric is achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the 2024 EIP and the 2024 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements relating to the 2024 LTIP is qualified in its entirety by the text of the 2024 EIP and each of the 2024 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements, which were filed as exhibits to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2024. 
 
 2023 RSUs 
 
 On June 29, 2023, pursuant to the annual renewal of director compensation, the Board approved a grant of RSUs to the Company's independent directors. Half of the RSUs vested immediately on the date of grant and the remaining of the RSUs will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date or at the Company's next annual meeting of stockholders, whichever is earlier. The awards will result in total compensation expense of approximately to be recognized over the vesting period. 
 
 2023 EIP and LTIP 
 
 On April 25, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved the 2023 Executive Incentive Plan (the 2023 EIP for Messrs. Oviatt, Tidball, and Fisher. The 2023 EIP provided for the potential award of incentive compensation to the participants based on the Company s financial performance in fiscal 2023. The incentive compensation was payable in cash and stock, and the stock portion of the incentive compensation constituted an award under the 2023 Plan. 
 
 Participants were eligible to receive incentive compensation based upon reaching or exceeding performance goals established by the Compensation Committee for fiscal 2023. The performance goals in the 2023 EIP were based on the Company s total revenue, EBITDA, and two non-financial factors including revenue source diversification and safety and environmental performance. Each of the revenue, EBITDA, and revenue diversification performance goals were weighted while the safety and environment goal was weighted in calculating incentive compensation amounts. 
 
 On March 6, 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the incentive compensation amounts based on achieving certain targets pursuant to the 2023 EIP. The incentive compensation amounts earned under the 2023 EIP were paid in cash and in shares of restricted stock under the 2023 Plan. In satisfaction of the of the 2023 EIP plan that was payable in stock, the Compensation Committee approved a one-time bonus for Company executives that was settled by issuing a total of shares of common stock, or shares net of tax withholding. These shares were fully vested as of March 6, 2024. 
 
 In addition to the 2023 EIP, the Board also approved as a long-term incentive plan the grants of RSU awards to Messrs. Oviatt, Tidball, and Fisher pursuant to the 2023 Plan (the 2023 LTIP ). The 2023 LTIP consists of total awards of up to RSUs Units to Mr. Oviatt, up to Units to Mr. Tidball, and up to Units to Mr. Fisher, pursuant to separate restricted stock unit award agreements (collectively, the 2023 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements to be entered between the Company and each participant. One such agreement covers of each award recipient s Units that are subject to time-based vesting, and the other such agreement covers the remaining of such award recipient s Units that may vest based on performance metrics. Upon vesting, the award agreements entitle the award recipients to receive share of the Company s common stock for each vested Unit. The vesting period of the 2023 LTIP began on January 1, 2023 and terminates on December 31, 2025 (the 2023 LTIP Performance Vesting Date ). 
 
 The Units subject to time-based vesting, including Units to Mr. Oviatt, Units for Mr. Tidball, and Units to Mr. Fisher, will vest in equal and annual installments beginning December 31, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025 if the award recipients employment continues with the Company through such dates. 
 
 Units for Mr. Oviatt, Units for Mr. Tidball, and Units to Mr. Fisher, may vest over a performance period beginning January 1, 2023 (the 2023 LTIP Performance Period based upon the following Company performance metrics: 
 
 14 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 Relative Total Shareholder Return (based on the Company s ranked performance in closing stock price growth relative to a peer group of companies during the 2023 LTIP Performance Period) 1/3 Third Quartile Second Quartile First Quartile EBITDA as a Percentage of Total Revenue 1/3 
 
 One-third of such performance-vesting Units, consisting of Units for Mr. Oviatt, Units for Mr. Tidball, and Units for Mr. Fisher, may vest for each of the performance metrics identified in the table above. The number of Units that will vest for each performance metric on the 2023 LTIP Performance Vesting Date shall be determined as follows: 
 a. if the Target level for such performance metric is not achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 b. if the Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 c. if the Above Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest; and 
 d. if the Outstanding level for such performance metric is achieved, of the Units relating to such performance metric will vest. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the 2023 EIP and the 2023 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements relating to the 2023 LTIP is qualified in its entirety by the text of the 2023 EIP and each of the 2023 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements, which were filed as exhibits to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2023. 
 
 2022 LTIP 
 
 On April 6, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved as a long-term incentive plan the grants of restricted stock unit awards to Messrs. Oviatt, Tidball, and Fisher (the "2022 LTIP") pursuant to the Company's 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2014 Plan ). The 2022 LTIP consists of total awards of up to RSUs to Mr. Oviatt, up to RSUs to Mr. Tidball, and up to RSUs to Mr. Fisher, pursuant to separate restricted stock unit award agreements (collectively, the 2022 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements entered into between the Company and each participant. One such agreement covers the of each award recipient s RSUs that are subject to time-based vesting, and the other such agreement covers the remaining of such award recipient s RSUs that may vest based on performance metrics. Upon vesting, the award agreements entitle the award recipients to receive share of the Company s common stock for each vested unit. The vesting period of the 2022 LTIP began on January 1, 2022 and terminates on December 31, 2024 (the 2022 LTIP Performance Vesting Date ). 
 
 The RSUs subject to time-based vesting, including RSUs to Mr. Oviatt, RSUs for Mr. Tidball, and RSUs to Mr. Fisher, will vest in equal and annual installments beginning December 31, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024 if the award recipients employment continues with the Company through such dates. 
 
 RSUs for Mr. Oviatt, RSUs for Mr. Tidball, and RSUs to Mr. Fisher, may vest at the end of the performance period beginning January 1, 2022 (the "2022 LTIP Performance Period") based upon the following Company performance metrics: 
 
 15 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 Relative Total Shareholder Return (based on the Company s ranked performance in closing stock price growth relative to a peer group of companies during the 2022 LTIP Performance Period) 
 1/3 Third Quartile Second Quartile First Quartile EBITDA as a Percentage of Total Revenue 1/3 
 
 One-third of such performance-vesting RSUs, consisting of RSUs for Mr. Oviatt, RSUs for Mr. Tidball, and RSUs for Mr. Fisher, may vest for each of the performance metrics identified in the table above. The number of RSUs that will vest for each performance metric on the 2022 LTIP Performance Vesting Date shall be determined as follows: 
 a. if the Target level for such performance metric is not achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 b. if the Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 c. if the Above Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest; and 
 d. if the Outstanding level for such performance metric is achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the 2022 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements is qualified in its entirety by the text of each of the 2022 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements, which were filed as exhibits to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2022. 
 
 2021 LTIP 
 
 On May 28, 2021, the Board approved as a long-term incentive plan, the grants of restricted stock unit awards to Messrs. Oviatt, Tidball, Fugal, and Fisher pursuant to the 2014 Plan (the 2021 LTIP ). The 2021 LTIP consists of total awards of up to RSUs to Mr. Oviatt, up to RSUs to Mr. Tidball, up to RSUs to Mr. Fugal, and up to RSUs to Mr. Fisher, pursuant to separate restricted stock unit award agreements (collectively, the 2021 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements between the Company and each participant. One agreement covers the of each award recipient s RSUs that are subject to time-based vesting, and the other agreement covers the remaining of such award recipient s RSUs that may vest based on performance metrics. Upon vesting, the award agreements entitle the award recipients to receive share of the Company s common stock for each vested RSU. The vesting period of the 2021 LTIP began on January 1, 2021 and terminated on December 31, 2023 (the 2021 LTIP Performance Vesting Date ). 
 
 The RSUs subject to time-based vesting, including RSUs to Mr. Oviatt, RSUs for Mr. Tidball, RSUs to Mr. Fugal, and RSUs to Mr. Fisher, vested in equal annual installments that began on December 31, 2021 and ended on December 31, 2023. 
 
 RSUs for Mr. Oviatt, RSUs for Mr. Tidball, RSUs for Mr. Fugal, and RSUs to Mr. Fisher, were eligible to vest over a performance period beginning January 1, 2021 based upon the following Company performance metrics: 
 
 Performance Metric Weight Target Above Target Outstanding Total Shareholder Return 1/3 Relative Total Shareholder Return 1/3 Third Quartile Second Quartile First Quartile EBITDA as a Percentage of Total Revenue 1/3 
 
 One-third of such performance-vesting RSUs, consisting of RSUs for Mr. Oviatt, RSUs for Mr. Tidball, RSUs for Mr. Jay Fugal, the Company's former Vice President of Operations, and RSUs for Mr. Fisher, were 
 16 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 performance metrics identified in the table above. The number of RSUs that vested for each performance metric on the 2021 LTIP Performance Vesting Date was determined as follows: 
 if the Target level for such performance metric is not achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 if the Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest; 
 if the Above Target level (but no higher level) for such performance metric is achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest; and 
 if the Outstanding level for such performance metric is achieved, of the RSUs relating to such performance metric will vest. 
 
 Mr. Fugal resigned effective October 31, 2021 from his position as Vice President of Operations to pursue an opportunity as CEO of another company. Accordingly, Mr. Fugal did not receive incentive compensation under the 2021 LTIP, and his unvested RSUs have been forfeited. 
 
 On March 6, 2024, the Compensation Committee approved the incentive compensation amounts based on achieving certain targets pursuant to the 2021 LTIP. The performance vesting RSUs were settled by issuing a total of shares of common stock, or shares net of tax withholding. 
 
 The foregoing summary of the 2021 LTIP is qualified in its entirety by the text of each of the 2021 LTIP Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements, which the Company filed as exhibits to its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

NOTE 8 
 
 days for a restocking fee. We provide a warranty on some of our products ranging from days to years, depending on the product. See Note 5 for the amount accrued for expected returns and warranty claims as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 We have elected to use the practical expedient in ASC 340-40-25-4 (regarding recognition of the incremental costs of obtaining a contract) for costs related to contracts that are estimated to be completed within one year. All of our current sales contracts and service contracts are expected to be completed within one year, and as a result, we have not recognized a contract asset account. If we had chosen not to use this practical expedient, we would not expect a material difference in the contract balances. Occasionally, we collect milestone payments up front from customers on larger jobs. These payments are classified as deferred revenue until the deliverables have been met and revenue can be properly recognized in our financial statements. Each of the contracts related to these milestone payments is short-term in nature and we expect to recognize associated revenues within one year. As a result, we consider it appropriate to record deferred revenue for these transactions and do not have any other contract liability balances. 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 17 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Manufactured Re-Sell Service Total Revenue 

NOTE 9 
 
 Effect of Dilutive Securities Stock options RSUs Diluted EPS Net income available to common stockholders + assumed conversions For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Loss (Numerator) Weighted Average Shares (Denominator) Per-Share Amount Loss (Numerator) Weighted Average Shares (Denominator) Per-Share Amount Basic EPS Net income available to common stockholders Effect of Dilutive Securities Stock options RSUs Diluted EPS Net income available to common stockholders + assumed conversions 

18 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

19 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 NOTE 10 
 operating segment, which is the consolidated company as a whole. We record inter-subsidiary revenues and costs for transfer pricing purposes related to income tax planning. 
 
 United States Inter-subsidiary revenue Canada United States Inter-subsidiary eliminations - - ) ) Total Revenue For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Income from Operations 2024 2023 2024 2023 Canada United States Total Income from Operations Gain on sale of property and equipment Other expense ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes As of Long-Lived Assets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Canada United States Total Consolidated 

20 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 NOTE 11 
 
 per share of the Company (the Company Common Stock ), at a price per share of Company Common Stock of (the Offer Price net to the seller thereof in cash, without any interest, subject to any required withholding taxes. 
 
 The Offer will initially remain open for business days from the date of commencement of the Offer (unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Parent and the Company). If at the scheduled expiration time of the Offer any of the conditions to the Offer have not been satisfied or waived, Merger Sub shall, and Parent shall cause Merger Sub to, extend the Offer for up to additional periods of up to business days per extension (with each such period to expire at one minute after 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the last business day of such period) (or such other duration as may be agreed in writing by Parent and the Company), to permit such conditions to the Offer to be satisfied. 
 
 The obligation of Merger Sub to accept for payment Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to customary closing conditions, including: a) the number of shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the expiration time of the Offer, when added to any shares of Company Common Stock already owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any of Parent s other subsidiaries, equals at least a majority of the voting power of the then issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the Minimum Tender Condition (b) the accuracy of the Company s representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement (subject to any applicable Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and other materiality qualifiers); (c) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect; and (d) the waiting period applicable to the Offer under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976 shall have expired or been terminated . 
 
 As soon as practicable following the acceptance of the shares of Company Common Stock validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer (the Offer Closing ), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Merger will be effected pursuant to Section 92A.133 of the Nevada Revised Statues (the NRS and Section 252 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), without a vote of the Company stockholders. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), by virtue of the Merger, each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (a) owned by Parent, the Merger Sub or the Company (as treasury stock or otherwise) or any of their direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiaries shall be cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and consideration will be delivered in exchange therefor, and (b) other than the shares contemplated in the foregoing clause (a), shall be converted into the right to receive, in cash and without interest, an amount equal to the Offer Price (the Merger Consideration in cash, without any interest, subject to any required withholding taxes. 
 
 As the Effective Time, each award of restricted stock units relating to a share of Company Common Stock Company RSU that is outstanding under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and 2023 Equity Incentive Plan as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested, shall fully vest and be canceled and converted into the right to receive, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of: (a) the aggregate number of shares of restricted stock, assuming that Company RSU with vesting requirements subject to performance goals have been met at the maximum level of performance, and (b) the Merger Consideration, less any taxes required to be withheld. The Merger Agreement contains various customary representations and warranties of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub. Many of the representations made by the Company are subject to and qualified by a Material Adverse Effect and/or Knowledge of the Company standard. 
 
 21 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 . 
 
 The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is only a summary, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Merger Agreement, and the foregoing description of the Merger Agreement, have been included to provide investors and our stockholders with information regarding the terms of the Merger. The assertions embodied in the representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by information in a confidential disclosure letter provided by the Company to Parent in connection with the signing of the Merger Agreement. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to stockholders, or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement should not be relied on by any persons as characterizations of the actual state of facts and circumstances about the Company, Parent or Merger Sub at the time they were made or otherwise, and information in the Merger Agreement should be considered in conjunction with the entirety of the factual disclosure about the Company in the Company s public reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosures. 
 
 Tender and Support Agreements 
 
 Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, on October 28, 2024 Brenton Hatch (and certain of his affiliates), the Chairman of the Company Board, Ryan Oviatt, the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and Cameron Tidball, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company (collectively, the Stockholders ), will each enter into a Tender and Support Agreement (the Tender and Support Agreement with Parent and Merger Sub. The Tender and Support Agreements provide, among other things, that the Stockholders will tender, or cause to be tendered, 
 22 

PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 23 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 This discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. For this purpose, any statement contained in this report that is not a statement of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking, including, but not limited to, statements relating to our future actions, intentions, plans, strategies, objectives, results of operations, cash flows and the adequacy of or need to seek additional capital resources and liquidity. Words such as " may, " " should, " " expect, " " project, " " plan, " " anticipate, " " believe, " " estimate, " " intend, " " budget, " " forecast, " " predict, " " potential, " " continue, " " should, " " could, " " will, " or comparable terminology or the negative of such terms are intended to identify forward-looking statements; however, the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements by their nature involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. Such factors include, but are not limited to, economic conditions generally and in the oil and gas industry in which we and our customers participate; competition within our industry; legislative and regulatory requirements or changes which could render our products or services less competitive or obsolete; our failure to successfully develop new products and/or services or to anticipate current or prospective customers' needs; price increases; limits to employee capabilities; delays, reductions, or cancellations of contracts we have previously entered into; sufficiency of working capital, capital resources and liquidity and other factors detailed herein and in our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC" or "Commission"). Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report. For a more detailed discussion of the principal factors that could cause actual results to be materially different, you should read our risk factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors , included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on current industry, financial, and economic information which we have assessed but which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and possibly abrupt changes. Due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business, our actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by such forward-looking statements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these forward-looking statements and we hereby qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements in this report are based only on information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to amend this report or revise publicly these forward-looking statements (other than as required by law) to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, whether as the result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere in this report and in our other filings with the Commission. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a technology company providing solutions that enhance the efficiency, safety, and reliability of industrial combustion appliances while mitigating potential environmental impacts related to the operation of these devices. Our legacy business is primarily focused in the upstream, midstream, and downstream transmission segments of the oil and gas industry. However, in recent years, we have completed many installations of our burner-management solutions in other industries for which we believe our solutions will be applicable as we expand our addressable market over time. We specialize in the engineering and design of burner and combustion management systems and solutions used on a variety of natural and forced draft applications. We sell our products and services primarily throughout North America. Our experienced team of sales and service professionals are strategically positioned across the United States and Canada providing support and service for our products. 
 24 

Principal Products and Services 
 
 Across the energy industry, there are numerous demands for heat generation and control. Applications such as combustors, enclosed flares, gas production units, treaters, glycol and amine reboilers, indirect line-heaters, heated tanks, and process heaters require heat to support the production and or processing function. This heat is generated through the process of combustion, which must be controlled, managed, and supervised. Combustion and the resulting generation of heat are integral to the process of separating, treating, storing, incinerating, and transporting oil and gas. Factors such as specific gravity, the presence of hydrates, temperature and hydrogen sulfide content contribute to the need for heat generation in oil and gas production and processing applications. Our burner-management systems ignite, monitor, and manage pilot and burner systems that are utilized in this process. Our technology affords remote operation, reducing the need for employee interaction with the appliance's burner for purposes such as re-ignition or temperature monitoring. In addition, our burner-management systems can help reduce emissions by safely reigniting a failed flame, thereby improving efficiencies and up-time. Our extensive service and combustion experience provides customers with solutions that are consistent with industry trends and regulatory requirements to mitigate environmental impacts and reduce emissions through optimized burner operation. 
 
 Oil and gas companies, including upstream, midstream, downstream, pipeline, and gathering operators, utilize burner-management systems to achieve increased safety, greater operational efficiencies, and improved compliance with industry regulations. Without a burner-management system, a field employee must discover and reignite an extinguished burner flame, then restart the application manually. Without a proper burner-management system, all application monitoring must be accomplished in-person, directly on-site. This requirement for on-site monitoring, in an operational environment with limited field personnel, can result in the potential interruption of production for long periods of time and increased risks associated with reigniting a flame, which can lead to site hazards, including explosions and the possibility of venting gas into the atmosphere. In addition, without a burner-management system, burners often operate for longer durations, frequently with lower efficiency, resulting in increased equipment fatigue and greater expense related to fuel consumption. 
 
 We continue to assess regulatory requirements applicable to our customers. We believe our burner-management systems and services offer solutions for customers to meet compliance standards where applicable. In addition to product sales, we dispatch specialized service technicians to provide maintenance and installation support throughout the United States and Canada. 
 
 We initially developed our first burner-management controller in 2005. Since that time, our systems have become widely adopted throughout the United States and Western Canada. Profire burner-management systems have been designed to comply with widely accepted safety and industrial codes and standards in North America, including those prescribed and certified by the Canadian Standards Association (CSA), Underwriters Laboratories (UL), and Safety Integrity Level (SIL) standards. 
 
 Our systems and solutions have been widely adopted by exploration and production companies (E P), midstream operators, pipeline operators, as well as downstream transmission and utility providers. Our customers include Antero, ATCO, Chesapeake, Chevron, CNRL, ConocoPhillips, Devon Energy, Dominion Energy, EQT, Kinder Morgan, National Grid, Ovintiv, Oxy, Range Resources, Williams, XTO, and others. Our systems have also been sold and installed in other parts of the world including many countries in South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. Though firmly established and primarily focused on North American oil and gas markets, we continue to invest in expansion efforts in developing sales in diversified industries where we can utilize our combustion technology. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Focus 
 
 As guiding principles and core to our strategy, our products and solutions are developed with a focus on safety, environmental impacts, reliability, and efficiency. Protecting human life, protecting the environment, and protecting our customers investments are essential to our business objectives. Our products play a crucial role in supporting our customers existing and future initiatives regarding improving workplace safety and environmental impacts. 
 
 Our burner-management technology is designed to monitor, operate, and manage a wide array of complex industrial heat applications. Providing our customers with safety-approved and certified technology, purposefully designed and built to meet regulatory requirements and process needs, is a critical component of our customers safety protocols and initiatives. 
 
 25 

Proper burner and combustion management control, coupled with peripheral solutions, increase site and location safety while reducing emissions. Profire's technology and solutions are integrated into a variety of applications to significantly reduce the release of methane and volatile organic compounds into the environment. 
 
 Profire burner-management controls and complementary solutions provide users with the ability to monitor field equipment remotely. This reduces truck rolls and the need for field personnel to travel to and manually inspect burner malfunctions in remote sites and locations. By dramatically reducing the number and frequency of physical trips to site, our automated solutions help our customers improve safety, reduce emissions, and decrease operating costs. 
 
 Operator safety is at the heart of our burner-management solution technology. Integration of our solutions and products helps our customers increase the likelihood that their employees return home safe each day. Adding greater physical distance between humans and the combustion process, as well as ensuring gas supplies are properly shut off when no flame is present, are two of the critical elements of how our burner-management solutions help protect human life. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison quarter over quarter 
 
 The table below presents certain financial data comparing the most recent quarter to prior quarters: For the three months ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Total Revenues 17,197,953 15,160,513 13,641,140 14,495,724 14,943,899 Gross Profit Percentage 48.2 51.8 49.5 53.9 50.0 Operating Expenses 5,531,603 5,268,034 5,019,681 5,026,596 4,933,479 Income from Operations 2,750,152 2,591,540 1,737,090 2,780,539 2,543,605 Net Income 2,182,637 2,062,725 1,434,374 3,290,546 2,039,390 Operating Cash Flow (6,908) 2,476,306 (2,692,138) 4,395,818 885,573 
 
 Revenues for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased by 15 or 2,254,054 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, largely due to ongoing progress in our diversified revenue streams, which consists of projects in midstream plant operations and industries outside of oil and gas. Diversified revenue in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 26 of total revenue compared to 17 of total revenue in the prior year quarter. The legacy business was also up compared to the prior year quarter despite oil and natural gas prices being lower. The third quarter of 2024 average oil price was 76.44 compared to 82.26 in the same period of last year. Overall customer demand for Profire products increased during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 which caused an increase in revenue for Profire. 
 
 Revenues for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased by 13 or 2,037,440 compared to the quarter ended June 30, 2024, partially due to the higher natural gas prices and North America rig counts in the third quarter of 2024. The quarter's revenue also benefited from a 95 increase in diversified revenue from Q2 to Q3. 
 
 Our gross profit margin for the third quarter of 2024 was down 1.8 from the same quarter of last year and down 3.6 from quarter ended June 30, 2024. The gross margin percentage was impacted by normal fluctuations in product, service and customer mix as well as typical movements in warranty and inventory reserves. Diversified revenue also applied downward pressure on margins due to higher percentages of resell product in these solutions. 
 
 Operating expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased 598,124 from the same quarter of last year, due to increases in headcount and cost inflation across the business. Operating expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased 263,569 from the prior quarter ended June 30, 2024 primarily due to increases in headcount and labor related costs. 
 
 Due to the factors discussed above, we reported income from operations of 2,750,152 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to income from operations of 2,543,605 for the same quarter in 2023 and income from operations of 2,591,540 in the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 26 

Due to the combination of factors discussed above relating to revenues, gross profit margin and operating expenses, we reported net income of 2,182,637 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income of 2,039,390 for the same quarter in 2023 and net income of 2,062,725 in the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company used net operating cash of 6,908 during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to generating operating cash flows of 885,573 during the same quarter of 2023 and use of operating cash of 2,476,306 in the quarter ended June 30, 2024. The fluctuations in operating cash flows are due primarily to the changes in net income and working capital balances. 
 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The table below presents certain financial data comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the same period ended September 30, 2023: For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Total Revenues 45,999,606 44,187,449 1,812,157 4.1 Gross Profit Percentage 49.8 51.4 (1.6) Operating Expenses 15,819,316 13,651,321 2,167,995 15.9 Income from Operations 7,078,784 9,073,317 (1,994,533) (22.0) Net Income 5,679,737 7,486,169 (1,806,432) (24.1) Operating Cash Flow (222,740) 2,668,232 (2,890,972) (108.3) 
 
 Revenues during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, increased 4.1 compared to the same period of last year. The increase in revenue was partially driven by a net increase in oil prices. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average oil price per barrel was 78.57 whereas the average price was 77.27 per barrel during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Ongoing progress with diversified revenue streams also contributed to the increase in revenue. Diversified revenue in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 was nearly 18 of total revenue compared to 11 in the same period of the prior year. 
 
 Our gross profit percentage decreased by 1.6 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to changes in product mix. Operating expenses increased 15.9 due to increases in headcount, general cost inflation in the current year, and the employee retention payroll tax credit in the prior year nine-month period. Due to the decrease in gross margin percentage and the increase in operating expenses, we recognized net income of 5,679,737 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income of 7,486,169 for the same period in 2023. The Company used operating cash flows of 222,740 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to generating operating cash flows of 2,668,232 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 due to the changes in net income and working capital balances. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Working capital at September 30, 2024 was 39,726,996 compared to 35,377,246 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our liquidity position is impacted by operating, investing and financing activities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 222,740 of cash from operating activities, primarily due to a decrease in net income, purchases of inventory and payment of income taxes and other liabilities. Operating activity trends consist of cash inflows and outflows related to changes in operating assets and liabilities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 611,149 of cash from investing activities to purchase property and equipment. Investing activity trends consist of changes in the mix of our investment portfolio and purchases or sales of fixed assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 1,926,290 of cash in financing activities, primarily related to the purchase of treasury stock and taxes paid on employee stock award settlements during the year. Financing activity trends consist of transactions related to stock repurchases and equity awards. The extent to which our liquidity position will be impacted in the future depends on industry trends and developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. As of September 30, 2024, we held 16,887,070 of cash and investments that form our core excess liquidity which could be utilized, if required, due to the issues described above. 
 
 27 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, nor do we plan to engage in any in the foreseeable future. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 This section is not required. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of the Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based on the evaluation performed, our management, including the Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officers and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 28 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 To the best of our knowledge, there are no legal proceedings pending or threatened against us that may have a material impact on us, and there are no actions pending or threatened against any of our directors or officers that are adverse to us. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risks discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which risks could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. These risks are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition or future results. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. The table below sets forth additional information regarding our share repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans (d) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans July 297,920 1.61 297,920 1,332,662 August 291,663 1.60 291,663 870,077 September 341,661 1.57 341,661 336,916 Total 931,244 931,244 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 This item is not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 This item is not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act). 
 29 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are included as part of this report: 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) Ryan W. Oviatt Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) Cameron M. Tidball Exhibit 31.3 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Ryan W. Oviatt, Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PROFIRE ENERGY, INC. 
 Date: 
 November 6, 2024 By: 
 /s/ Ryan W. Oviatt Ryan W. Oviatt Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: 
 November 6, 2024 By: 
 /s/ Cameron M. Tidball Cameron M. Tidball Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024-q3x311ceorule13aro.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Ryan W. Oviatt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Profire Energy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 By 
 s Ryan W. Oviatt Ryan W. Oviatt Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024-q3x312ceorule13act.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Cameron M. Tidball, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Profire Energy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 By 
 s Cameron M. Tidball Cameron M. Tidball Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 a2024-q3x313cforule13aro.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Ryan W. Oviatt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Profire Energy, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 November 6, 2024 By 
 s Ryan W. Oviatt 
 Ryan W. Oviatt 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a2024-q3x321ceosoxcertific.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Profire Energy, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan W. Oviatt and I, Cameron M. Tidball, Co-Chief Executive Officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date 
 November 6, 2024 By 
 s Ryan W. Oviatt Ryan W. Oviatt Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Date 
 November 6, 2024 By 
 s Cameron M. Tidball Cameron M. Tidball Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a2024-q3x322cfosoxcertific.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL 
 FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Profire Energy, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan W. Oviatt, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date 
 November 6, 2024 By 
 s Ryan W. Oviatt 
 Ryan W. Oviatt 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pfie-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pfie-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pfie-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pfie-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pfie-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

