<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241209_10-Q_edgar_data_1428336_0001428336-24-000110.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5847524</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133697</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1127833</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1881759</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1400204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1205589</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001428336-24-000110.hdr.sgml : 20241209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241209160358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001428336-24-000110
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTHEQUITY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001428336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36568
		FILM NUMBER:		241535064

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 WEST SCENIC POINTE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			DRAPER
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-727-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 WEST SCENIC POINTE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			DRAPER
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTHEQUITY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001428336-24-000110.txt : 20241209

10-Q
 1
 hqy-20241031.htm
 10-Q

hqy-20241031 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant's telephone Number, including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 29, 2024, there were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Form 10-Q quarterly report 
 
 Table of contents Page Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial statements 
 Condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2024 (unaudited) and January 31, 2024 
 3 
 Condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed consolidated statements of stockholders' equity for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 19 
 Item 3. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 35 
 Item 4. Controls and procedures 
 37 
 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 38 
 Item 5. Other information 
 39 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 40 
 Signatures 
 41 

-2- 

Part I. Financial information 
 Item 1. Financial statements 
 
 HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Condensed consolidated balance sheets (in thousands, except par value) October 31, 2024 January 31, 2024 (unaudited) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Long-term debt, net of issuance costs Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liability Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 5) par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 -3- 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Condensed consolidated statements of operations and 
 comprehensive income (unaudited) Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Service revenue Custodial revenue Interchange revenue Total revenue Cost of revenue Service costs Custodial costs Interchange costs Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Amortization of acquired intangible assets Merger integration Total operating expenses Income from operations Other expense Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net Total other expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income and comprehensive income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -4- 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Condensed consolidated statements of stockholders equity (unaudited) Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total stockholders' equity, beginning balance Common stock: Beginning balance Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, and for restricted stock Ending balance Additional paid-in capital: Beginning balance Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, and for restricted stock Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) Ending balance Accumulated earnings Beginning balance Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net income Ending balance Total stockholders' equity, ending balance 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 -5- 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred taxes ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Other assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Accrued compensation ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities, non-current ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of software and capitalized software development costs ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Acquisitions of HSA portfolios ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Repurchases of common stock ) Settlement of client-held funds obligation, net ) Proceeds from exercise of common stock options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Beginning cash and cash equivalents Ending cash and cash equivalents 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -6- 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited) (continued) Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow data: Interest expense paid in cash Income tax payments, net Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of software and capitalized software development costs included in accounts payable, accrued liabilities, or accrued compensation Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities Repurchases of common stock included in accrued liabilities Non-cash purchase consideration related to acquisitions of HSA portfolios Exercise of common stock options receivable 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -7- 

Table of Contents 

HealthEquity, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) 
 Note 1. 
 
 Custodial revenue ) ) Interchange revenue Total revenue Total cost of revenue ) ) Gross profit Total operating expenses Total other expense ) ) ) ) Income tax provision Net income 
 
 Significant accounting policies 
 There have been no material changes in the Company s significant accounting policies as compared to the significant accounting policies described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. 
 -8- 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 Denominator (basic): Weighted-average common shares outstanding Denominator (diluted): Weighted-average common shares outstanding Weighted-average dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, million and million shares, respectively, attributable to outstanding stock options and restricted stock units were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, million and million shares, respectively, attributable to outstanding stock options and restricted stock units were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 -9- 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. 
 million and million, respectively, which are included within other current assets on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Property and equipment 
 Furniture and fixtures Computer equipment Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Contract balances 
 The Company does not recognize revenue until its right to consideration is unconditional and therefore has no related contract assets. The Company records a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to payment and the Company has unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment precedes the related services, the Company records a contract liability, or deferred revenue, until its performance obligations are satisfied. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, the balance of deferred revenue was million and million, respectively. The balance as of October 31, 2024 relates primarily to a contract with a depository partner, which the Company assumed in conjunction with the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition, as described in Note 5 Commitments and contingencies. The remainder of the balances as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 relates to cash received in advance for interchange and custodial revenue arrangements, other up-front fees and other commuter deferred revenue. The Company expects to recognize approximately of its balance of deferred revenue as revenue over the next months and the remainder thereafter. Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within a period of 12 months or less are classified as accrued liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets, with the remainder included within other long-term liabilities. Revenue recognized during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 that was included in the balance of deferred revenue as of January 31, 2024 was million and million, respectively. The Company expects to satisfy its remaining obligations for these arrangements. 
 Leases 
 Sublease income ) ) ) ) Net operating lease expense 

-10- 

Table of Contents 

 Other income, net Total other income, net 
 Interest expense 
 Based on the application of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 470-50, Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments , the Company recorded million and million of loss on extinguishment of debt during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included within interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Supplemental cash flow information 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 
 Note 4. 
 ) Acquired HSA portfolios ) Acquired customer relationships ) Acquired developed technology ) Acquired trade names ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) 
 January 31, 2024 (in thousands) Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount Amortizable intangible assets: Software and software development costs ) Acquired HSA portfolios ) Acquired customer relationships ) Acquired developed technology ) Acquired trade names ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. 
 -11- 

Table of Contents 

 changes to the carrying value of goodwill during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 Note 5. 
 tranches, as presented in the following table: 
 April 11, 2024 May 9, 2024 Total 
 The BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition, and related acquisition costs were capitalized as part of the cost of the asset, which is included within intangible assets, net, on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company capitalized million of transaction costs associated with the acquisition during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, which includes the reimbursement of million of Conduent's transfer-related expenses. In addition, in May 2024, the Company assumed a contract with a depository partner representing approximately of the total HSA Assets added through the acquisition, which provides a custodial yield that is below current market rates and expires in June 2026. The Company recorded deferred revenue of million in May 2024 as a result of the assumed contract, which will be recorded as an increase to custodial revenue over the life of the assumed contract. 
 On November 27, 2024, the Company agreed to pay million to settle a lawsuit related to a lease termination, as described below in the section entitled "Legal matters." 
 There were no other material changes during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, outside of the ordinary course of business, in the Company's commitments from those disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. 
 Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide for general indemnifications. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future but have not yet been made. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. 
 Legal matters 
 In April 2021, WageWorks, Inc. ("WageWorks"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, exercised its right to terminate a lease for office space in Mesa, Arizona that had not yet commenced, with aggregate lease payments of million and a term of approximately years, following the landlord's failure to fulfill its obligations under the lease agreement (the "Lease"). WageWorks' right to terminate the Lease was disputed by the landlord, Union Mesa 1, LLC Union Mesa ), which claimed that the Lease had commenced on December 1, 2020. On November 5, 2021, Union Mesa notified WageWorks that it was in default of the Lease for failure to pay rent, which Union Mesa claimed was due beginning in November 2021, after months of abated rent. On November 24, 2021, Union Mesa drew million, the full amount under the letter of credit that WageWorks had posted to secure its obligations under the Lease. 
 -12- 

Table of Contents 

million from the letter of credit and HealthEquity and WageWorks jointly agreeing to pay an additional million to Union Mesa. The million settlement amount was recorded as merger integration expense during the three months ended October 31, 2024, and is included within accrued liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2024. The million letter of credit was previously recorded as merger integration expense during the period in which it was drawn by Union Mesa. 
 As a result of a cybersecurity incident earlier this year in which a business partner's user account containing personally identifiable information was breached, the Company is subject to multiple putative class action lawsuits that have been filed in federal court in the District of Utah. The plaintiffs allege that the Company failed to implement reasonable data security practices, which resulted in a breach and disclosure of plaintiffs' and others' personally identifiable information and protected health information. The plaintiffs are seeking, among other damages, unspecified monetary damages, equitable relief, costs and attorneys' fees arising out of the incident. On August 22, 2024, the court issued an order granting a motion to consolidate the class action lawsuits. On October 15, 2024, a consolidated class action amended complaint was filed. The Company intends to vigorously defend these lawsuits. The amount of the potential loss associated with these lawsuits cannot be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in various other litigation, governmental proceedings and claims, not described above, that arise in the normal course of business. It is not possible to determine the ultimate outcome or the duration of such litigation, governmental proceedings or claims, or the impact that such litigation, proceedings and claims will have on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 As required under GAAP, the Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Except with respect to the Lease settlement, described above, no loss accrual relating to these matters was recorded because, based on currently available information, the Company does not believe that any contingent liabilities relating to these matters are probable or that the amount of any resulting loss is estimable. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and the Company s view of these matters may change in the future. Were an unfavorable outcome to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period in which the unfavorable outcome occurs, and potentially in future periods. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Revolving Credit Facility Prior Term Loan Facility Principal amount Less: unamortized discount and issuance costs (1) Total debt, net Less: current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt, net 
 (1) In addition to the million and million of unamortized discount and issuance costs related to long-term debt as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively, million and million of unamortized issuance costs related to the Company's Revolving Credit Facility and Prior Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) are included within other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 On October 8, 2021, the Company completed its offering of million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued under an indenture (the Indenture ), dated October 8, 2021, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
 -13- 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, which is included within accrued liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. The effective interest rate on the Notes is . 
 The Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment to all of its existing and future senior unsecured debt and senior in right of payment to all of its future subordinated debt. 
 The Notes are redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after October 1, 2024, at a redemption price if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) October 1, 2024 of , (ii) October 1, 2025 of , and (iii) October 1, 2026 and thereafter of , in each case of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, and together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The Company may be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. 
 The Indenture contains covenants that impose significant operational and financial restrictions on the Company; however, these covenants generally align with the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. See "Credit Agreement" below for a description of these covenants. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On August 23, 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the Swing Line Lender (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and each L/C Issuer (as defined therein) party thereto, pursuant to which the Company established a new senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to billion (with a million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit). The Company borrowed million under the Revolving Credit Facility to refinance the Prior Credit Agreement (as defined below). The Revolving Credit Facility may be used in the future for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the financing of acquisitions and other investments. As of October 31, 2024, the outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility was million, which is included within long-term debt, net of issuance costs, on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility is August 23, 2029. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement (including obtaining additional commitments from one or more new or existing lenders), the Company may in the future incur additional loans or commitments under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, plus an additional amount so long as the Company s pro forma first lien net leverage ratio would not exceed to 1.00 as of the date such loans or commitments are incurred. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (i) the secured overnight financing rate published by the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited Term SOFR (subject to a credit spread adjustment plus a margin ranging from to or (ii) an alternate base rate plus a margin ranging from to , with the applicable margin determined by reference to a leverage-based pricing grid set forth in the Credit Agreement. The Company is also required to pay certain fees to the Lenders, including, among others, a quarterly commitment fee on the average unused amount of the Revolving Credit Facility at a rate ranging from to , with the applicable rate also determined by reference to a leverage-based pricing grid set forth in the Credit Agreement. As of October 31, 2024, the interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility was . 
 The loans under the Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid, and the commitments thereunder may be reduced by the Company without penalty or premium, subject to the reimbursement of customary breakage costs. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or dissolve, make investments, dispose of assets, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, make distributions and dividends and prepayments of junior indebtedness, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into restrictive agreements, amend documentation governing junior indebtedness, modify its fiscal year and modify its organizational documents, in each case, subject to customary exceptions, thresholds, qualifications and baskets. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains financial performance covenants, which require the Company to maintain (i) a maximum total net leverage ratio, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, of no greater than to 
 -14- 

Table of Contents 

to 1.00 beginning with the fiscal quarter ending January 31, 2025. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement as of October 31, 2024 and for the period then ended. 
 The repayment obligation under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default thereunder, including, among other things, failure to pay principal, interest or fees on a timely basis, material inaccuracy of any representation or warranty, failure to comply with covenants, cross-default to other material debt, material judgments, change of control and certain insolvency or bankruptcy-related events, in each case, subject to any certain grace and/or cure periods. 
 The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are required to be unconditionally guaranteed by each of its existing or subsequently acquired or organized direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries and are secured by security interests in substantially all assets of the Company and the guarantors, in each case, subject to certain customary exceptions. 
 Prior Credit Agreement 
 On October 8, 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Prior Credit Agreement among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party thereto (the Prior Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the Swing Line Lender (as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement), and each L/C Issuer (as defined therein) party thereto, pursuant to which the Company established: 
 (i) a senior secured term loan A facility (the Prior Term Loan Facility ), in an aggregate principal amount of million; and 
 (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Prior Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Prior Term Loan Facility, the Prior Credit Facilities ), in an aggregate principal amount of up to billion (with a million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit). 
 Prior to June 1, 2023, borrowings under the Prior Credit Facilities bore interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either (i) LIBOR (adjusted for reserves) plus a margin ranging from to or (ii) an alternate base rate plus a margin ranging from to , with the applicable margin determined in either scenario by reference to a leverage-based pricing grid set forth in the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 On June 1, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the Prior Credit Agreement which replaced interest rate provisions based on LIBOR with the forward-looking term rate based on Term SOFR. As a result, borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement as so amended bore interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either (i) Term SOFR, plus a credit spread adjustment, plus a margin ranging from to , or (ii) an alternate base rate, plus a margin ranging from to , with the applicable margin determined in either scenario by reference to a leverage-based pricing grid set forth in the Prior Credit Agreement (as amended). 
 The Company was also required to pay certain fees to the Prior Lenders, including, among others, a quarterly commitment fee on the average unused amount of the Prior Revolving Credit Facility at a rate ranging from to , with the applicable rate also determined by reference to a leverage-based pricing grid set forth in the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 The Prior Credit Agreement contained significant customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Prior Credit Agreement through the date on which the Prior Credit Agreement was terminated. 
 On August 23, 2024, in connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement, the Company repaid all outstanding obligations in the amount of million under the Prior Credit Agreement and terminated all commitments thereunder. 
 
 Note 7. 
 million and million, respectively. This resulted in an effective income tax rate of and for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, compared with an effective income tax rate of and for 
 -15- 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. If recognized, million of the total gross unrecognized tax benefits would affect the Company's effective tax rate as of October 31, 2024. 
 The Company files income tax returns with U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions and is currently under examination by California and Texas. These examinations may lead to ordinary course adjustments or proposed adjustments to the Company's taxes, net operating losses, and/or tax credit carryforwards. As a result of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, the Company remains subject to examination by one or more jurisdictions for tax years after 2006. 
 
 Note 8. 
 Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock award plans 
 Incentive Plan. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the Company adopted the HealthEquity, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Incentive Plan"), which provides for the issuance of stock awards to team members, consultants, and directors of the Company. Subject to adjustment as provided in the Incentive Plan, as of October 31, 2024, the aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved and available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the Incentive Plan was million. No further awards will be made under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Stock options 
 - 
 Exercised ) - 
 Outstanding as of October 31, 2024 - 
 Vested and expected to vest as of October 31, 2024 Exercisable as of October 31, 2024 

-16- 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of October 31, 2024 
 Performance restricted stock units. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the Company awarded PRSUs subject to a market condition based on the Company s total shareholder return relative to the Russell 2000 index as measured on January 31, 2027. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation to determine that the grant date fair value of the awards was million. Compensation expense is recorded over the requisite service period if the service condition is met regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied. The market condition allows for a range of vesting from to based on the level of performance achieved. The PRSUs cliff vest upon approval by the Talent, Compensation and Culture Committee of the board of directors. 
 In addition, during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the Company awarded PRSUs subject to the achievement of certain financial criteria measured on January 31, 2027. The PRSUs cliff vest and are issued upon approval by the Talent, Compensation and Culture Committee. The Company records stock-based compensation related to PRSUs over the requisite service period when it is considered probable that the performance conditions will be met. The Company believes it is probable that the PRSUs will vest at least in part. The vesting of the PRSUs will ultimately range from to of the number of shares underlying the PRSU grant based on the level of achievement of the performance goals. 
 Each of the PRSUs granted during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 contains a provision such that upon the award holder's eligible retirement, the PRSUs would remain outstanding and eligible to vest based on achievement of their respective market or performance conditions without regard to the award holder s continued employment on the vesting date. Based on the application of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation , expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which ends on the earlier of (1) the date of approval by the Talent, Compensation and Culture Committee or (2) the date the award holder becomes eligible for retirement (defined as at least 55 years old with least 10 years of service at the Company). As a result, the expense associated with PRSUs granted to retirement-eligible individuals was recorded on the grant date. 
 
 Note 9. 
 million of its common stock, as market conditions warrant. The common stock may be repurchased at prices that the Company deems appropriate and subject to market conditions, applicable law and other factors deemed relevant in the Company's sole discretion. Such repurchases may be effected through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including repurchase plans that satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases as of October 31, 2024. 
 All repurchases were made in open market transactions. The excess of repurchase price over par value was allocated between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. As of October 31, 2024, million of common stock remained authorized for repurchase under the Company's stock repurchase program. 
 -17- 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10. 
 Cash and cash equivalents are considered Level 1 instruments and are valued based on publicly available daily net asset values. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 The Notes are valued based upon quoted market prices and are considered Level 2 instruments because the markets in which the Notes trade are not considered active markets. As of October 31, 2024, the fair value of the Notes was million. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are considered Level 2 instruments and recorded at book value in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. The Revolving Credit Facility reprices frequently due to variable interest rate terms and entails no significant changes in credit risk. As a result, the fair value of the Revolving Credit Facility approximates carrying value. 
 
 Note 11. 
 million as part of the settlement. 
 -18- 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, project, seek, should, target, will, would and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our ability to integrate acquired businesses, the anticipated synergies and other benefits of acquired businesses and any future acquisitions, health savings accounts and other tax-advantaged consumer-directed benefits, tax and other regulatory changes, market opportunity, our future financial and operating results, our investment and acquisition strategy, our sales and marketing strategy, management s plans, beliefs and objectives for future operations, technology and development, economic and industry trends or trend analysis, expectations about seasonality, opportunity for portfolio purchases and other acquisitions, operating expenses, anticipated income tax rates, capital expenditures, cash flows and liquidity. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2024, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports filed with the SEC. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such events. 

Overview 
 We are a leader and an innovator in providing technology-enabled services that empower consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions. We use our innovative technology to manage consumers' tax-advantaged health savings accounts ("HSAs") and other consumer-directed benefits ("CDBs") offered by employers, including flexible spending accounts and health reimbursement arrangements FSAs and HRAs ), and to administer Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ), commuter and other benefits. As part of our services, we provide consumers with payment processing services, personalized benefit information, the ability to earn wellness incentives, and investment advice to grow their tax-advantaged healthcare savings. 
 The core of our offerings is the HSA, a financial account through which consumers spend and save long-term for healthcare expenses on a tax-advantaged basis. As of October 31, 2024, we administered 9.5 million HSAs, with balances totaling 30.0 billion, which we call HSA Assets, as well as 7.0 million complementary CDBs. We refer to the aggregate number of HSAs and other CDBs that we administer as Total Accounts, of which we had 16.5 million as of October 31, 2024. 
 We reach consumers primarily through relationships with their employers, which we call Clients. We reach Clients primarily through relationships with benefits brokers and advisors, integrated partnerships with a network of health plans, benefits administrators, benefits brokers and consultants, and retirement plan recordkeepers, which we call Network Partners, and a sales force that calls on Clients directly. 
 We have increased our share of the growing HSA market from 4 in December 2010 to 21 as of June 2024, measured by HSA Assets. According to Devenir, as of June 2024, we were the largest HSA provider by both accounts and HSA Assets. In addition, we believe we are the largest provider of other CDBs. We seek to differentiate ourselves through our service-driven culture, product breadth, ecosystem connectivity, and proprietary technology. Our proprietary technology allows us to help consumers optimize the value of their HSAs and other CDBs and gain confidence and skills in managing their healthcare costs as part of their financial security. 
 -19- 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to assist consumers is enhanced by our capacity to securely share data in both directions with others in the health, benefits, and retirement ecosystems. Our commuter benefits offering also leverages connectivity to an ecosystem of mass transit, ride hailing, and parking providers. 
 We earn revenue primarily from three sources: service, custodial, and interchange. We earn service revenue mainly from fees paid by our Network Partners, Clients, and members for the administration services we provide in connection with the HSAs and other CDBs we offer. We earn custodial revenue primarily from HSA cash held by our federally insured bank and credit union partners, which we collectively call our Depository Partners, HSA cash held by our insurance company partners, and Client-held funds deposited with our Depository Partners. We earn interchange revenue mainly from fees paid by merchants on payments that our members make using our physical payment cards and on our virtual payment system. See Key components of our results of operations for additional information on our sources of revenue. 
 BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition 
 In September 2023, we entered into an agreement to acquire the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio from Conduent Business Services, LLC ("Conduent"). The transfer closed in a series of three tranches, as presented in the following table: 
 Transfers to HealthEquity Applicable purchase price (in thousands, except HSA Assets) HSAs HSA Assets (in millions) Paid using cash on hand Paid using borrowings under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility Total purchase price March 7, 2024 266 1,071 163,974 163,974 April 11, 2024 134 555 34,925 50,000 84,925 May 9, 2024 216 1,047 1,101 175,000 176,101 Total 616 2,673 200,000 225,000 425,000 
 The BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition, and related acquisition costs were capitalized as part of the cost of the asset, which is included within intangible assets, net, on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. We capitalized 27.2 million of transaction costs associated with the acquisition during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, which includes the reimbursement of 20.0 million of Conduent's transfer-related expenses. In addition, in May 2024, we assumed a contract with a Depository Partner representing approximately 7 of the total HSA Assets added through the acquisition, which provides a custodial yield that is below current market rates and expires in June 2026. We recorded deferred revenue of 20.3 million in May 2024 as a result of the assumed contract, which will be recorded as an increase to custodial revenue over the life of the assumed contract. 
 
 Key factors affecting our performance 
 We believe that our future performance will be driven by a number of factors, including those identified below. Each of these factors presents both significant opportunities and significant risks to our future performance. See also the section entitled Risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports filed with the SEC. 
 Our acquisition and integration strategy 
 We have historically acquired HSA portfolios and businesses that strengthen our service offerings. We plan to continue this growth strategy and are regularly engaged in evaluating different opportunities. We have developed an internal capability to source, evaluate, and integrate acquired HSA portfolios. Our success depends in part on our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and HSA portfolios with our business in an efficient and effective manner. 
 Structural change in U.S. health insurance 
 We derive revenue primarily from healthcare-related saving and spending by consumers in the U.S., which are driven by changes in the broader healthcare industry, including the structure of health insurance. The average family premium for employer-sponsored health insurance has risen by 22 since 2018 and 47 since 2013, resulting in increased participation in HSA-qualified health plans and HSAs and increased consumer cost-sharing in health insurance more generally. We believe that continued growth in healthcare costs and related factors will spur continued growth in HSA-qualified health plans and HSAs and may encourage policy changes making HSAs or 
 -20- 

Table of Contents 

 similar vehicles available to new populations such as individuals in Medicare. However, the timing and impact of these and other developments in U.S. healthcare are uncertain. Moreover, changes in healthcare policy, such as "Medicare for all" plans, could materially and adversely affect our business in ways that are difficult to predict. 
 Trends in U.S. tax law 
 Tax law has a profound impact on our business. Our offerings to members, Clients, and Network Partners consist primarily of services enabled, mandated, or advantaged by provisions of U.S. tax law and regulations. Changes in tax policy are speculative and may affect our business in ways that are difficult to predict. 
 Our client base 
 Our business model is based on a B2B2C distribution strategy, whereby we work with Network Partners and Clients to reach consumers to increase the number of our members with HSA accounts and complementary CDBs. We believe that there are significant opportunities to expand the scope of services that we provide to our current Clients. 
 Broad distribution footprint 
 We believe we have a diverse distribution footprint to attract new Clients and Network Partners. Our sales force calls on enterprise and regional employers in industries across the U.S., as well as potential Network Partners from among health plans, benefits administrators, and retirement plan record keepers. Our Network Partners are a key channel through which we gain access to Clients and members. Our Network Partners collectively employ thousands of sales representatives and account managers who promote both the Network Partners' products and our products and services. Our sales representatives and account management teams work with and train the sales representatives and account management teams of our Network Partners. 
 Product breadth 
 We are the largest custodian and administrator of HSAs, as well as a market-share leader in each of the major categories of complementary CDBs, including FSAs and HRAs, COBRA and commuter benefits administration. Our Clients and their benefits advisors increasingly seek HSA providers that can deliver an integrated offering of HSAs and complementary CDBs. With our CDB capabilities, we can provide employers with a single partner for both HSAs and complementary CDBs, which is preferred by the vast majority of employers, according to research conducted for us by Aite Group. We believe that the combination of HSA and complementary CDB offerings significantly strengthens our value proposition to employers, health benefits brokers and consultants, and Network Partners as a leading single-source provider. 
 Interest rates 
 As a non-bank custodian, our members custodial HSA cash assets are held by either our federally insured Depository Partners (our Basic Rates offering), pursuant to contractual arrangements we have with these Depository Partners, or by our insurance company partners through group annuity contracts or other similar arrangements (our Enhanced Rates offering). For the reasons described below, we have encouraged our members to place more of their HSA cash in our Enhanced Rates offering. As our Basic Rates contracts expire, the HSA cash held in those Basic Rates contracts will transition to Enhanced Rates contracts, subject to our members retaining the right to keep their HSA cash in Basic Rates. 
 The lengths of our agreements with Depository Partners typically range from three to five years and may have fixed or variable interest rate terms. The terms of new and renewing agreements with our Depository Partners are impacted by the then-prevailing interest rate environment, which in turn is driven by macroeconomic factors and government policies over which we have no control. Such factors, and the response of our competitors to them, also determine the amount of interest retained by our members. 
 HSA members who place their HSA cash into our Enhanced Rates offering retain a higher yield compared to our Basic Rates offering. An increase in the percentage of HSA cash held in our Enhanced Rates offering also positively impacts our custodial revenue, as we generally receive a higher yield on HSA cash held by our insurance company partners compared to cash held by our Depository Partners. As with our Depository Partners, yields paid by our insurance company partners are impacted by the prevailing interest rate environment, which in turn is driven by macroeconomic factors and government policies over which we have no control. Such factors, and the response of our competitors to them, also determine the amount of interest retained by our members. 
 We believe that increased participation in our Enhanced Rates offering, diversification of Depository Partners and insurance company partners, varied contract terms, and other factors reduce our exposure to short-term fluctuations in prevailing interest rates and mitigate the short-term impact of sustained increases or declines in prevailing 
 -21- 

Table of Contents 

 interest rates on our custodial revenue. Over longer periods, sustained shifts in prevailing interest rates affect the amount of custodial revenue we can realize on custodial assets and the interest retained by our members. 
 Interest on our revolving credit facility changes frequently due to variable interest rate terms, and as a result, our interest expense is expected to fluctuate based on changes in prevailing interest rates. 
 Our proprietary technology 
 We believe that innovations incorporated in our technology differentiate us from our competitors and help drive our growth by enabling us to better assist consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions and maximize the value of their tax-advantaged benefits. Our full suite of CDB offerings complements our HSA solution and enhances our leadership position within the HSA sector. We are currently investing in a significant modernization of our proprietary technology platforms to support new opportunities and enhance security, privacy and platform infrastructure, while maintaining existing applications, features, and services. For example, we are making significant investments in the architecture and infrastructure of the technology that we use to provide our services to improve our transaction processing capabilities and support continued account and transaction growth, as well as in data-driven personalized engagement to help our members spend less, save more, and build wealth for retirement. In addition, we are investing in technology solutions to meet the evolving needs of our members, Clients and Network Partners. Our current innovation efforts include, among others, increasing member and client self-service capabilities, developing APIs, driving electronic communication rather than paper, increasing straight-through processing, improving overall process times utilizing both traditional robotic process automation, and increasingly through AI tools, leveraging stacked cards, and mobile wallet. 
 Our Purple culture 
 A successful healthcare consumer needs education and guidance delivered by people as well as by technology. The education and customer service we provide is driven by our Purple culture, which we believe is a significant factor in our ability to attract and retain customers and to address opportunities in the rapidly changing healthcare sector. We invest in and intend to continue to invest in human capital through technology-enabled training, career development, and advancement opportunities. 
 Our competition and industry 
 Our direct competitors are HSA custodians and other CDB providers. Many of these are state or federally chartered banks and other financial institutions for which we believe benefits administration services are not a core business. Some of our direct competitors (including healthcare service companies such as UnitedHealth Group's Optum, Webster Bank, and well-known retail investment companies, such as Fidelity Investments) are in a position to devote more resources to the development, sale, and support of their products and services than we have at our disposal. Our other CDB administration competitors include health insurance carriers, human resources consultants and outsourcers, payroll providers, national CDB specialists, regional third-party administrators, and commercial banks. In addition, numerous indirect competitors, including benefits administration service providers, partner with banks and other HSA custodians to compete with us. Our Network Partners and ecosystem partners may also choose to offer competitive services directly, as some health plans have done. Our success depends on our ability to predict and react quickly to these and other industry and competitive dynamics. 
 Regulatory environment 
 Federal law and regulations, including the Affordable Care Act, the Internal Revenue Code, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and Department of Labor regulations, and public health regulations that govern the provision of health insurance and provide the tax advantages associated with our services, play a pivotal role in determining our market opportunity. Privacy and data security-related laws such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, laws governing the provision of investment advice to consumers, such as the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or the Advisers Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, anti-money laundering laws, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, all play a similar role in determining our competitive landscape. In addition, state-level regulations also have significant implications for our business in some cases. For example, our subsidiary HealthEquity Trust Company is regulated by the Wyoming Division of Banking, and several states are considering, or have already passed, new privacy regulations that can affect our business. Various states also have laws and regulations that impose additional restrictions on our collection, storage, and use of personally identifiable information. Privacy regulation in particular has become a priority issue in many states, including, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act, which became effective on January 1, 2023. Our ability to predict and react quickly to relevant legal and regulatory trends and to correctly interpret their market and competitive implications is important to our success. 
 -22- 

Table of Contents 

 Key financial and operating metrics 
 We regularly review a number of key operating and financial metrics to evaluate our business, determine the allocation of our resources, make decisions regarding corporate strategies and evaluate forward-looking projections and trends affecting our business. We discuss certain of these key financial metrics, including revenue, below in the section entitled Key components of our results of operations. In addition, we utilize other key metrics as described below. 
 Total Accounts 
 The following table sets forth our HSAs, CDBs, and Total Accounts as of and for the periods indicated: (in thousands, except percentages) October 31, 2024 October 31, 2023 Change January 31, 2024 HSAs 9,508 8,295 15 8,692 New HSAs from sales - Quarter-to-date 186 163 14 497 New HSAs from sales - Year-to-date 568 453 25 949 New HSAs from acquisitions - Year-to-date 616 HSAs with investments 717 592 21 610 CDBs 6,955 6,984 0 7,006 Total Accounts 16,463 15,279 8 15,698 Average Total Accounts - Quarter-to-date 16,400 15,167 8 15,318 Average Total Accounts - Year-to-date 16,177 15,034 8 15,105 
 Not meaningful 
 The number of our HSAs and CDBs are key metrics because our revenue is driven by the amount we earn from them. The number of our HSAs increased by 1.2 million, or 15 , from October 31, 2023 to October 31, 2024, driven by new HSAs added through the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition and new HSAs from sales. The number of our CDBs decreased by 29 thousand, or less than 1 , from October 31, 2023 to October 31, 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in FSA accounts, largely offset by an increase in HRA accounts. 
 HSA Assets 
 The following table sets forth HSA Assets as of and for the periods indicated: (in millions, except percentages) October 31, 2024 October 31, 2023 Change January 31, 2024 HSA cash 16,386 13,971 17 15,006 HSA investments 13,601 8,597 58 10,208 Total HSA Assets 29,987 22,568 33 25,214 Average daily HSA cash - Quarter-to-date 16,441 13,977 18 14,210 Average daily HSA cash - Year-to-date 16,064 14,024 15 14,071 
 HSA Assets includes our HSA members custodial assets, which consists of the following components: (i) HSA cash, which includes member cash held by our Depository Partners and our insurance company partners, and (ii) HSA investments, which includes member investments held by our custodial investment partner. Measuring HSA Assets is important because our custodial revenue is directly affected by average daily custodial balances for HSA Assets that are revenue generating. 
 HSA cash increased by 2.4 billion, or 17 , from October 31, 2023 to October 31, 2024, due to net HSA contributions from new and existing HSA members and HSA cash added through the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition, partially offset by transfers to HSA investments. 
 HSA investments increased by 5.0 billion, or 58 , from October 31, 2023 to October 31, 2024, due to the increased market value of invested balances, transfers from HSA cash, and HSA investments added through the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition. 
 Total HSA Assets increased by 7.4 billion, or 33 , from October 31, 2023 to October 31, 2024, primarily due to the increased market value of invested balances, HSA Assets added through the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition, and net HSA contributions from new and existing HSA members. 
 
 -23- 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the amount of HSA cash held by our Depository Partners and insurance company partners that is expected to reprice by fiscal year and the respective average annualized yield currently earned on that HSA cash as of October 31, 2024: 
 Year ending January 31, (in billions, except percentages) HSA cash expected to reprice Average annualized yield Remainder of 2025 1.4 3.9 2026 3.2 2.0 2027 3.7 1.8 2028 2.0 4.0 Thereafter 5.5 4.1 Total (1) 15.8 3.1 
 (1) Excludes 0.6 billion of HSA cash held in floating-rate contracts as of October 31, 2024. 
 Client-held funds (in millions, except percentages) October 31, 2024 October 31, 2023 Change January 31, 2024 Client-held funds 748 761 (2) 842 Average daily Client-held funds - Quarter-to-date 770 794 (3) 791 Average daily Client-held funds - Year-to-date 823 862 (5) 845 
 Client-held funds are interest-earning deposits from which we generate custodial revenue. These deposits are amounts remitted by Clients and held by us on their behalf to pre-fund and facilitate administration of CDBs. We deposit the Client-held funds with our Depository Partners in interest-bearing, demand deposit accounts that have a floating interest rate and no set term or duration. Client-held funds fluctuate depending on the timing of funding and spending of CDB balances and the number of CDBs we administer. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial metric, as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, amortization of acquired intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, merger integration expenses, acquisition costs, gains and losses on equity securities, amortization of incremental costs to obtain a contract, costs associated with unused office space, and certain other non-operating items. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and analysts in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and our board of directors because it reflects operating profitability before consideration of non-operating expenses and non-cash expenses and serves as a basis for comparison against other companies in our industry. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated: Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 5,703 14,673 70,338 29,348 Interest income (3,897) (3,713) (10,881) (7,795) Interest expense 18,155 13,545 45,377 41,814 Income tax provision 515 6,414 15,735 15,975 Depreciation and amortization 12,371 14,567 38,393 45,622 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 28,350 23,213 84,876 69,545 Stock-based compensation expense 21,123 21,662 74,717 59,939 Merger integration expenses 34,437 2,655 38,357 8,157 Amortization of incremental costs to obtain a contract 1,702 1,379 5,015 4,033 Costs associated with unused office space 812 950 2,408 3,252 Other (1,026) 301 (368) 454 Adjusted EBITDA 118,245 95,646 363,967 270,344 
 -24- 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our net income as a percentage of revenue: Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net income 5,703 14,673 (8,970) (61) 70,338 29,348 40,990 140 As a percentage of revenue 2 6 8 4 
 Our net income decreased by 9.0 million, or 61 , from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024, due to 30.0 million of expense during the three months ended October 31, 2024 to settle a lawsuit related to a lease termination (the "Lease Settlement"), as described in Note 5 Commitments and contingencies, and increases in other operating expenses and other expense, partially offset by an increase in gross profit and a decrease in income tax provision, as described more fully in the section entitled "Comparison of the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023." 
 Our net income increased by 41.0 million, or 140 , from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024, due to an increase in gross profit and a decrease in income tax provision, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses, including the Lease Settlement, and other expense, as described more fully in the section entitled "Comparison of the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023." 
 The following table sets forth our Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue: 
 Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Adjusted EBITDA 118,245 95,646 22,599 24 363,967 270,344 93,623 35 As a percentage of revenue 39 38 41 37 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA increased by 22.6 million, or 24 , from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in total revenue, partially offset by increases in professional fees and personnel-related costs. 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA increased by 93.6 million, or 35 , from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in total revenue, partially offset by increases in personnel-related costs and professional fees. 
 Our use of Adjusted EBITDA, including as a percentage of revenue, has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 -25- 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP net income 
 Non-GAAP net income is calculated by adding back to GAAP net income before income taxes the following items: amortization of acquired intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, merger integration expenses, acquisition costs, gains and losses on equity securities, costs associated with unused office space, and losses on extinguishment of debt, and subtracting a non-GAAP tax provision using a normalized non-GAAP tax rate. We believe that non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share provide useful information to investors and analysts in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and our board of directors because these non-GAAP metrics reflect operating profitability before consideration of certain non-operating expenses and non-cash expenses and serve as a basis for comparison against other companies in our industry. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to non-GAAP net income for the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 5,703 14,673 70,338 29,348 Income tax provision 515 6,414 15,735 15,975 Income before income taxes - GAAP 6,218 21,087 86,073 45,323 Non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of acquired intangible assets 28,350 23,213 84,876 69,545 Stock-based compensation expense 21,123 21,662 74,717 59,939 Merger integration expenses 34,437 2,655 38,357 8,157 Costs associated with unused office space 812 950 2,408 3,252 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1,576 1,576 1,157 Total adjustments to income before income taxes - GAAP 86,298 48,480 201,934 142,050 Income before income taxes - Non-GAAP 92,516 69,567 288,007 187,373 Income tax provision - Non-GAAP (1) 23,129 17,391 72,002 46,843 Non-GAAP net income 69,387 52,176 216,005 140,530 Diluted weighted-average shares 88,634 87,122 88,699 86,707 GAAP net income per diluted share 0.06 0.17 0.79 0.34 Non-GAAP net income per diluted share 0.78 0.60 2.44 1.62 
 (1) The Company utilizes a normalized non-GAAP tax rate to provide better consistency across the interim reporting periods within a given fiscal year by eliminating the effects of non-recurring and period-specific items, which can vary in size and frequency, and which are not necessarily reflective of the Company s longer-term operations. The normalized non-GAAP tax rate applied to each period presented was 25 . The Company may adjust its non-GAAP tax rate as additional information becomes available and in conjunction with any other significant events occurring that may materially affect this rate, such as merger and acquisition activity, changes in business outlook, or other changes in expectations regarding tax regulations. 
 Our non-GAAP net income increased by 17.2 million, or 33 , from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in total revenue, partially offset by increases in professional fees and personnel-related costs. 
 Our non-GAAP net income increased by 75.5 million, or 54 , from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in total revenue, partially offset by increases in personnel-related costs and professional fees. 
 Our use of non-GAAP net income has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 Key components of our results of operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from three primary sources: service revenue, custodial revenue, and interchange revenue. 
 Service revenue. We earn service revenue from the fees we charge our Network Partners, Clients, and members for the administration services we provide in connection with the HSAs and other CDBs we offer. With respect to our 
 -26- 

Table of Contents 

 Network Partners and Clients, our fees are generally based on a fixed tiered structure for the duration of the relevant service agreement and are paid to us on a monthly basis. In addition, once a member s HSA cash balance reaches a certain threshold, the member is able to invest his or her HSA Assets through our investment partner from which we earn recordkeeping and advisory fees, calculated as a percentage of the member's HSA investments. We recognize revenue on a monthly basis as services are rendered to our members and Clients. 
 Custodial revenue. We earn custodial revenue primarily from HSA cash held by our Depository Partners or our insurance company partners and Client-held funds held by our Depository Partners. HSA cash is held by our Depository Partners pursuant to contracts that (i) typically have terms ranging from three to five years, (ii) provide for a fixed or variable interest rate payable on the average daily cash balances held by the relevant Depository Partner, and (iii) have minimum and maximum required balances. HSA cash held by our insurance company partners is held in group annuity contracts or similar arrangements. Client-held funds held by our Depository Partners are held in interest-bearing demand deposit accounts that have a floating interest rate and no set term or duration. We earn custodial revenue on HSA cash and Client-held funds that is based on the interest rates offered to us by these Depository Partners and insurance company partners. 
 Interchange revenue. We earn interchange revenue each time one of our members uses one of our physical payment cards or virtual platforms to make a purchase. This revenue is collected each time a member swipes our payment card to pay expenses. We recognize interchange revenue monthly based on reports received from third parties, namely, the card-issuing banks and card processors. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Service costs. Service costs are comprised of costs related to servicing accounts, managing Client and Network Partner relationships and processing reimbursement claims. Expenditures include personnel-related costs, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, common expense allocations (such as office rent, supplies, and other overhead expenses), new member and participant supplies, and other operating costs related to servicing our members. 
 Custodial costs. Custodial costs are comprised of interest retained by our HSA members on HSA cash and fees we pay to banking consultants whom we use to help secure agreements with our Depository Partners. Interest retained by HSA members is calculated on a tiered basis. The interest rates retained by HSA members can change based on a formula or upon required notice. 
 Interchange costs. Interchange costs are comprised of costs we incur in connection with processing payment transactions initiated by our members. Due to the substantiation requirement on FSA/HRA-linked payment card transactions, payment card costs are higher for FSA/HRA card transactions. In addition to fixed per card fees, we are assessed additional transaction costs determined by the amount of the transaction. 
 Gross profit and gross margin 
 Our gross profit is our total revenue minus our total cost of revenue, and our gross margin is our gross profit expressed as a percentage of our total revenue. Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including interest rates, the amount we charge our Network Partners, Clients, and members, the mix of our sources of revenue, how many services we deliver per account, and payment processing costs per account. 
 Operating expenses 
 Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including sales commissions for our direct sales force, external agent/broker commission expenses, marketing expenses, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and common expense allocations. 
 Technology and development. Technology and development expenses include personnel and related expenses for software development and delivery, licensed software, information technology, data management, product, and security. Technology and development expenses also include software engineering services, the costs of operating our technology infrastructure, depreciation, amortization of capitalized software development costs, stock-based compensation, and common expense allocations. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses include personnel and related expenses of, and professional fees incurred by our executive, finance, legal, internal audit, corporate development, compliance, and people departments. They also include depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and common expense allocations. 
 -27- 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of acquired intangible assets. Amortization of acquired intangible assets results primarily from intangible assets acquired in connection with business combinations. The assets include acquired customer relationships, acquired developed technology, and acquired trade names and trademarks, which we amortize over the assets' estimated useful lives, estimated to be 7-15 years, 2-5 years, and 3 years, respectively. We also acquired intangible HSA portfolios from third-party custodians. We amortize these assets over the assets estimated useful life of 15 years. We evaluate our acquired intangible assets for impairment annually, or at a triggering event. 
 Merger integration. Merger integration expenses include personnel and related expenses, including severance, professional fees, legal expenses and settlements, and facilities and technology expenses directly related to integration activities to merge operations as a result of acquisitions. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of accrued interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs associated with our long-term debt. Interest on our revolving credit facility changes frequently due to variable interest rate terms, and as a result, our interest expense is expected to fluctuate based on changes in prevailing interest rates. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net, consists of interest income earned on corporate cash and other miscellaneous income and expense. 
 Income tax provision 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States based on a January 31 fiscal year end. We use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes, under which current tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on the tax returns for the current fiscal year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, net operating loss carryforwards, and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted statutory tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be realized or settled. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of October 31, 2024, we have not recorded a valuation allowance on federal deferred tax assets, but we have recorded a valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets. We maintain an overall net federal and state deferred tax liability on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

-28- 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation. The reclassifications relate primarily to recordkeeping and advisory fees associated with HSA investments, which were reclassified from custodial revenue to service revenue to better align our financial statement presentation with the underlying drivers of our revenue streams. We also reclassified certain immaterial personnel-related costs from custodial costs to service costs or general and administrative costs. The reclassifications had no impact on our total revenue, income from operations, net income, cash flows, or stockholders' equity. The following table presents the impact of the reclassifications: 
 Three months ended October 31, 2023 Nine months ended October 31, 2023 (in thousands) Prior presentation Reclassifications Current presentation Prior presentation Reclassifications Current presentation Service revenue 107,512 6,570 114,082 318,343 18,772 337,115 Custodial revenue 106,575 (6,570) 100,005 299,933 (18,772) 281,161 Interchange revenue 35,132 35,132 118,924 118,924 Total revenue 249,219 249,219 737,200 737,200 Total cost of revenue 90,811 (774) 90,037 280,036 (2,153) 277,883 Gross profit 158,408 774 159,182 457,164 2,153 459,317 Total operating expenses 127,517 774 128,291 378,352 2,153 380,505 Total other expense (9,804) (9,804) (33,489) (33,489) Income tax provision 6,414 6,414 15,975 15,975 Net income 14,673 14,673 29,348 29,348 
 Revenue 
 The following table sets forth our revenue for the periods indicated: Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Service revenue 119,174 114,082 5,092 4 354,108 337,115 16,993 5 Custodial revenue 140,953 100,005 40,948 41 401,281 281,161 120,120 43 Interchange revenue 40,305 35,132 5,173 15 132,568 118,924 13,644 11 Total revenue 300,432 249,219 51,213 21 887,957 737,200 150,757 20 
 Service revenue. The 5.1 million, or 4 , increase in service revenue from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the increases in the number of HSAs and the amount of HSA investments, partially offset by lower average service fees per account. 
 The 17.0 million, or 5 , increase in service revenue from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the increases in the number of HSAs and the amount of HSA investments, partially offset by lower average service fees per account. 
 We expect service revenue to continue to increase, primarily due to an increase in Total Accounts, partially offset by lower average service fees per account. 
 Custodial revenue. The 40.9 million, or 41 , increase in custodial revenue from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in average annualized yield on HSA cash from 2.58 for the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 3.17 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 (due to both higher market interest rates and increased participation in our Enhanced Rates offering), the 2.5 billion, or 18 , increase in the average daily balance of HSA cash, as described above, and an increase in interest rates on the portion of our Client-held funds held by our Depository Partners in interest-bearing, demand deposit accounts that have a floating interest rate. 
 The 120.1 million, or 43 , increase in custodial revenue from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in average annualized yield on HSA cash from 2.42 for the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 3.07 for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 (due to 
 -29- 

Table of Contents 

 both higher market interest rates and increased participation in our Enhanced Rates offering), the 2.0 billion, or 15 , increase in the average daily balance of HSA cash, as described above, and an increase in interest rates on the portion of our Client-held funds held by our Depository Partners in interest-bearing, demand deposit accounts that have a floating interest rate. 
 Assuming the current interest rate environment continues, we expect our average annualized yield on HSA cash to further increase as our existing agreements with our Depository Partners are renewed or replaced with agreements with higher rates, resulting in higher custodial revenue. In addition, we expect an increase in the percentage of HSA cash held in our Enhanced Rates offering to continue to positively impact our average annualized yield and thus our custodial revenue. As Basic Rates contracts mature, we intend to transfer the associated HSA cash into Enhanced Rates contracts unless the HSA member affirmatively opts to remain in the Basic Rates offering. 
 Interchange revenue. The 5.2 million, or 15 , increase in interchange revenue from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in Total Accounts and an increase in spend per account using our payment cards. 
 The 13.6 million, or 11 , increase in interchange revenue from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in Total Accounts and an increase in spend per account using our payment cards. 
 Total revenue. Total revenue increased 51.2 million, or 21 , from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 due to the increases in custodial, interchange, and service revenues, described above. 
 Total revenue increased 150.8 million, or 20 , from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 due to the increases in custodial, service, and interchange revenues, described above. 
 Cost of revenue 
 The following table sets forth our cost of revenue for the periods indicated: Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Service costs 86,860 75,721 11,139 15 246,122 233,498 12,624 5 Custodial costs 10,241 8,029 2,212 28 29,406 24,104 5,302 22 Interchange costs 6,305 6,287 18 0 24,213 20,281 3,932 19 Total cost of revenue 103,406 90,037 13,369 15 299,741 277,883 21,858 8 
 Service costs. The 11.1 million, or 15 , increase in service costs from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to costs incurred to reimburse and protect members from outside fraud activity, as well as increases in costs to support the increase in Total Accounts and member interactions, partially offset by efficiencies resulting from our technology investments. 
 The 12.6 million, or 5 , increase in service costs from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to costs incurred to reimburse and protect members from outside fraud activity, as well as increases in costs to support the increase in Total Accounts and member interactions, partially offset by efficiencies resulting from our technology investments. 
 Custodial costs. The 2.2 million, or 28 , increase in custodial costs from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the 2.5 billion, or 18 , increase in the year-over-year average daily balance of HSA cash, as described above, an increase in fees charged by our Depository Partners, and an increase in the average annualized rate of interest retained by HSA members on HSA cash from 0.22 during the three months ended October 31, 2023 to 0.23 during the three months ended October 31, 2024. 
 The 5.3 million, or 22 , increase in custodial costs from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the 2.0 billion, or 15 , increase in the year-over-year average daily balance of HSA cash, as described above, an increase in fees charged by our Depository Partners, and an increase in the average annualized rate of interest retained by HSA members on HSA cash from 0.22 during the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to 0.23 during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 -30- 

Table of Contents 

 On an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect custodial costs to increase due to an increase in the year-over-year average daily balance of HSA cash, an increase in fees charged by our Depository Partners, and an increase in the average annualized rate of interest retained by HSA members on HSA cash. 
 Interchange costs. The 18 thousand, or less than 1 , increase in interchange costs from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in Total Accounts and certain costs associated with our transition to a single card processor, which transition was completed in August 2024, largely offset by efficiencies resulting from the transition to a single card processor. 
 The 3.9 million, or 19 , increase in interchange costs from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in Total Accounts and certain costs associated with our transition to a single card processor, which transition was completed in August 2024, partially offset by efficiencies resulting from the transition to a single card processor. 
 Total cost of revenue. As we continue to add Total Accounts, we expect that our cost of revenue will increase in dollar amount to support our Network Partners, Clients, and members. However, on an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect our cost of revenue to decrease as a percentage of our total revenue, primarily due to an increase in custodial revenue, partially offset by increases in personnel costs. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 33.8 from 37.7 for the nine months ended October 31, 2023, due to total revenue increasing at a significantly higher rate (20 than total cost of revenue (8 ). Cost of revenue will continue to be affected by a number of different factors, including our ability to scale our service delivery, Network Partner implementation, and account management functions. 
 Operating expenses 
 The following table sets forth our operating expenses for the periods indicated: Three months ended October 31, Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Sales and marketing 22,636 19,656 2,980 15 67,655 58,714 8,941 15 Technology and development 60,189 55,614 4,575 8 174,859 163,573 11,286 7 General and administrative 31,789 27,153 4,636 17 102,285 80,516 21,769 27 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 28,350 23,213 5,137 22 84,876 69,545 15,331 22 Merger integration 34,437 2,655 31,782 1,197 38,357 8,157 30,200 370 Total operating expenses 177,401 128,291 49,110 38 468,032 380,505 87,527 23 
 Sales and marketing. The 3.0 million, or 15 , increase in sales and marketing expenses from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related expenses. 
 The 8.9 million, or 15 , increase in sales and marketing expenses from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related expenses. 
 We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to focus on our cross-selling program and marketing campaigns. On an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect our sales and marketing expenses to remain relatively steady as a percentage of our total revenue. However, our sales and marketing expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue from period to period due to the seasonality of our total revenue and the timing and extent of our sales and marketing expenses. 
 Technology and development. The 4.6 million, or 8 , increase in technology and development expenses from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to increases in software costs, personnel-related expenses, and professional services expense. 
 The 11.3 million, or 7 , increase in technology and development expenses from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses and software costs. 
 We expect our technology and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in the development and security of our proprietary technology, including our ongoing modernization project 
 -31- 

Table of Contents 

 described earlier. On an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect our technology and development expenses to decrease slightly as a percentage of our total revenue. However, our technology and development expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue from period to period due to the seasonality of our total revenue and the timing and extent of our technology and development expenses. 
 General and administrative. The 4.6 million, or 17 , increase in general and administrative expenses from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to professional services expense. 
 The 21.8 million, or 27 , increase in general and administrative expenses from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to increases in professional services expense and accelerated stock-based compensation expense recognized with respect to certain performance restricted stock units granted during the current fiscal year, as described in Note 8 Stock-based compensation. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase for the foreseeable future due to the additional demands on our legal, compliance, and finance functions as we continue to grow our business. On an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect our general and administrative expenses to increase as a percentage of our total revenue. However, our general and administrative expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue from period to period due to the seasonality of our total revenue and the timing and extent of our general and administrative expenses. 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets. The 5.1 million, or 22 , increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the new intangible assets added through the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition. 
 The 15.3 million, or 22 , increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the new intangible assets added through the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition. 
 On an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect amortization of acquired intangible assets to increase, primarily due to the intangible assets added through BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition. 
 Merger integration. The 31.8 million, or 1,197 , increase in merger integration expenses from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the Lease Settlement, as described in Note 5 Commitments and contingencies. Other merger integration expenses during the three months ended October 31, 2024 consisted of professional fees, including expenses incurred in conjunction with the migration of accounts, technology-related expenses directly related to the Further acquisition and certain ongoing merger integration expenses related to the acquisition of WageWorks. 
 The 30.2 million, or 370 , increase in merger integration expenses from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to the Lease Settlement, as described in Note 5 Commitments and contingencies. Other merger integration expenses during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 consisted of professional fees, including expenses incurred in conjunction with the migration of accounts, technology-related expenses directly related to the Further acquisition and certain ongoing merger integration expenses related to the acquisition of WageWorks. 
 We expect merger integration expenses attributable to the Further acquisition totaling approximately 55 million to be incurred over a period of approximately five to six years from the date of the acquisition, which occurred in November 2021. 
 Interest expense 
 The 4.6 million, or 34 , increase in interest expense from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to a higher average principal balance and a 1.6 million increase in losses on extinguishment of debt. The increase was partially offset by a lower average interest rate on borrowings with variable interest rate terms. 
 The 3.6 million, or 9 , increase in interest expense from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to a higher average principal balance and a 0.4 million increase in losses on extinguishment of debt. The increase was partially offset by a lower average interest rate on borrowings with variable interest rate terms. 
 
 -32- 

Table of Contents 

 On August 23, 2024, we entered into a credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") pursuant to which the Company established a new five-year senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 1.0 billion, a portion of which was used to repay all outstanding obligations under our prior credit agreement (the "Prior Credit Agreement"). 
 As of October 31, 2024, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility were 486.9 million and had a stated interest rate of 6.34 . As of October 31, 2023, borrowings under our Prior Credit Agreement were 286.9 million and had a stated interest rate of 6.68 . The increase in principal was due to 225.0 million of borrowings to pay a portion of the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition purchase price, partially offset by a prepayment of 25.0 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 On an annual basis, relative to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we expect our interest expense to increase, primarily due to a higher average principal balance. The interest rate on our Revolving Credit Facility is variable and, accordingly, we may incur additional expense if interest rates increase in future periods. 
 Other income, net 
 The 1.0 million increase in other income, net, from the three months ended October 31, 2023 to the three months ended October 31, 2024 was due to increases in interest income on corporate cash and other miscellaneous income, net. 
 The 2.9 million increase in other income, net, from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was due to an increase in interest income on corporate cash, partially offset by a decrease in other miscellaneous income, net. 
 Income tax provision 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an income tax provision of 0.5 million and 6.4 million, respectively. The decrease in income tax provision was primarily the result of a decrease in pre-tax book income, an increase in tax deductible stock-based compensation compared to GAAP stock-based compensation expense, and an increase in research and development tax credits. 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an income tax provision of 15.7 million and 16.0 million, respectively. The decrease in income tax provision was primarily the result of an increase in tax deductible stock-based compensation compared to GAAP stock-based compensation expense and an increase in research and development tax credits, partially offset by an increase in pre-tax book income and an increase in nondeductible executive compensation. 
 Seasonality 
 Seasonal concentration of our growth combined with our recurring revenue model create seasonal variation in our results of operations. Revenue results are seasonally impacted due to ancillary service fees, timing of HSA contributions, and timing of card spend. Cost of revenue is seasonally impacted as a significant number of new and existing Network Partners bring us new HSAs and CDBs beginning in January of each year concurrent with the start of many employers benefit plan years. Before we realize any revenue from these new accounts, we incur costs related to implementing and supporting our new Network Partners and new accounts. These costs of services relate to activating accounts and hiring additional staff, including seasonal help to support our member support center. These expenses begin to ramp up during our third fiscal quarter, with the majority of seasonal expenses incurred in our fourth fiscal quarter. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Cash and cash equivalents overview 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our current cash and cash equivalents balances, collections from our custodial, service, and interchange revenue activities, and availability under our Revolving Credit Facility. We rely on cash provided by operating activities to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, which primarily relate to the payment of corporate payroll and other operating costs, interest payments on our long-term debt, and capital expenditures. 
 As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were 322.2 million and 404.0 million, respectively. 

-33- 

Table of Contents 

 Capital resources 
 We maintain a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 on file with the SEC. A shelf registration statement, which includes a base prospectus, allows us at any time to offer any combination of securities described in the prospectus in one or more offerings. Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement accompanying the base prospectus, we would use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, working capital, sales and marketing activities, general and administrative matters, capital expenditures, and repayment of indebtedness, and if opportunities arise, for the acquisition of, or investment in, assets, technologies, solutions or businesses that complement our business. Pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in interest-bearing securities. In addition, we may conduct concurrent or other financings at any time. 
 On August 23, 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement, which includes a five-year senior secured Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 1.0 billion, a portion of which was used to refinance our Prior Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Facility may be used in the future for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the financing of acquisitions and other investments. For a description of the terms of the Credit Agreement, refer to Note 6 Indebtedness. As of October 31, 2024, the outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility was 486.9 million. We were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement as of October 31, 2024, and for the period then ended. We continue to be in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement through the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Use of cash 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we used 452.2 million of cash, which includes 225.0 million borrowed under our Prior Revolving Credit Facility, to pay for the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition. 
 In August 2024, in connection with our entry into the Credit Agreement, we repaid all outstanding obligations in the amount of 511.9 million under the Prior Credit Agreement and terminated all commitments thereunder. In October 2024, we prepaid 25.0 million under the Credit Agreement. 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we used 58.5 million for common stock repurchases. See Note 9 Stockholders' equity for additional information related to our stock repurchase program. 
 Capital expenditures for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 39.7 million and 31.5 million, respectively. We expect to continue our current level of capital expenditures for the remainder of the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025 as we continue to invest in improving the architecture and functionality of our proprietary systems. Capital expenditures to improve the architecture of our proprietary systems include computer hardware, personnel and related costs for software engineering, and outsourced software engineering services. 
 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. To the extent these current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required, we may not be able to raise it on favorable terms, if at all. 
 The following table shows our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities for the stated periods: Nine months ended October 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 264,108 165,753 Net cash used in investing activities (491,897) (34,804) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 145,973 (51,154) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (81,816) 79,795 Beginning cash and cash equivalents 403,979 254,266 Ending cash and cash equivalents 322,163 334,061 
 Cash flows from operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 98.4 million from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 primarily due to increased cash receipts with respect to our custodial, service, and interchange revenues, partially offset by an increase in cash payments with respect to operating expenses, cost of revenue, and interest expense. 
 -34- 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flows from investing activities. Net cash used in investing activities increased by 457.1 million from the nine months ended October 31, 2023 to the nine months ended October 31, 2024 due to a 449.0 million increase in cash used to acquire HSA portfolios, a 7.5 million increase in cash used for purchases of software and capitalized software development costs, and a 0.6 million increase in cash used for purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash flows from financing activities. Net cash provided by financing activities was 146.0 million during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, compared to 51.2 million of net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2023. The change was due to a 736.9 million increase in proceeds from long-term debt, a 3.4 million increase in net cash received in the settlement of client-held funds obligations, and a 1.6 million increase in proceeds from the exercise of common stock options, partially offset by a 486.2 million increase in cash used for principal payments and debt issuance costs associated with our long-term debt, and a 58.5 million increase in cash used for repurchases of common stock. 
 Contractual obligations 
 See Note 5 Commitments and contingencies for information about our contractual obligations. 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 As of October 31, 2024, other than outstanding letters of credit issued under our Revolving Credit Facility, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. Our letters of credit generally expire within one year. However, in the ordinary course of business, we will continue to renew or modify the terms of the letters of credit to support business requirements. The letters of credit are contingent liabilities, supported by our Revolving Credit Facility, and are not reflected on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Critical accounting policies and significant management estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources, and we evaluate our critical accounting estimates on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and in Note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. There have been no significant or material changes in our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to those disclosed in Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations Critical accounting policies and significant management estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. 
 Recent accounting pronouncements 
 See Note 1 Summary of business and significant accounting policies within the interim financial statements included in this Form 10-Q for further discussion. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 Market risk 
 Concentration of market risk. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from providing services to tax-advantaged healthcare account holders. A significant downturn in this market or changes in state and/or federal laws impacting the preferential tax treatment of healthcare accounts such as HSAs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. During the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, no one customer accounted for greater than 10 of our total revenue. We monitor market and regulatory changes regularly and make adjustments to our business if necessary. 
 Inflation. Inflationary factors may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the 
 -35- 

Table of Contents 

 future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of expenses as a percentage of revenue if our revenue does not correspondingly increase with inflation. 
 Concentration of credit risk 
 Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in bank and other depository accounts, which frequently exceed federally insured limits. Our cash and cash equivalents as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 were 322.2 million and 404.0 million, respectively, the vast majority of which was not covered by federal depository insurance. We have not experienced any material losses in such accounts. Our accounts receivable balance as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 was 106.7 million and 104.9 million, respectively. We have not experienced any significant write-offs to our accounts receivable and believe that we are not exposed to significant credit risk with respect to our accounts receivable. We continue to monitor our credit risk and place our cash and cash equivalents with reputable financial institutions. 
 Interest rate risk 
 HSA Assets and Client-held funds. HSA Assets consist of custodial HSA funds we hold in custody on behalf of our members. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, we held in custody HSA Assets of 30.0 billion and 25.2 billion, respectively. As a non-bank custodian, we contract with our Depository Partners and insurance company partners to hold HSA cash on behalf of our members, and we earn a significant portion of our total revenue from interest paid to us by these partners. HSA cash held by our insurance company partners is held in group annuity contracts or similar arrangements. The lengths of our agreements with Depository Partners typically range from three to five years and have either fixed or variable interest rates. As HSA Assets increase and existing contracts with Depository Partners expire, we seek to enter into new contracts with Depository Partners and insurance company partners, the terms of which are impacted by the then-prevailing interest rate environment. We believe that increased participation in our Enhanced Rates offering, diversification of Depository Partners and insurance company partners, and varied contract terms, substantially reduces our exposure to short-term fluctuations in prevailing interest rates and mitigates the short-term impact of a sustained increase or decline in prevailing interest rates on our custodial revenue. A sustained decline in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect our business by reducing the size of the interest rate yield, or yield, available to us and thus the amount of the custodial revenue we can realize. Conversely, a sustained increase in prevailing interest rates can increase our yield. An increase in our yield would increase our custodial revenue as a percentage of total revenue. In addition, if our yield increases, we expect the spread to also increase between the interest offered to us by our Depository Partners and insurance company partners and the interest retained by our members, thus increasing our profitability. However, we may be required to increase the interest retained by our members in a rising prevailing interest rate environment. Changes in prevailing interest rates are driven by macroeconomic trends and government policies over which we have no control. 
 Client-held funds are interest earning deposits from which we generate custodial revenue. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, we held Client-held funds of 748 million and 842 million, respectively. These deposits are amounts remitted by Clients and held by us on their behalf to pre-fund and facilitate administration of our other CDBs. These deposits are held with Depository Partners. We deposit the Client-held funds with our Depository Partners in interest-bearing, demand deposit accounts that have a floating interest rate and no set term or duration. A sustained decline in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect our business by reducing the size of the yield available to us and thus the amount of the custodial revenue we can realize from Client-held funds. Conversely, a sustained increase in prevailing interest rates may increase our yield. Changes in prevailing interest rates are driven by macroeconomic trends and government policies over which we have no control. 
 Cash and cash equivalents . We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be unrestricted cash equivalents. Our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents are held in institutions in the U.S. and include deposits in a money market account that is unrestricted as to withdrawal or use. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 322.2 million and 404.0 million, respectively. Due to the short-term nature of these instruments, we believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of our cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in interest rates. 
 Long-term debt. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, we had 486.9 million and 286.9 million, respectively, outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility and our Prior Credit Facilities, respectively. The stated interest rate on our Revolving Credit Facility is variable and was 6.34 as of October 31, 2024. Our overall interest rate sensitivity under the Revolving Credit Facility is primarily influenced by any amounts borrowed and prevailing interest rates. For example, a one percent increase in the interest rate on the amount outstanding under our 
 -36- 

Table of Contents 

 Revolving Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024 would result in approximately 5.0 million of additional interest expense over the next 12 months. The interest rate on our 600 million of unsecured Senior Notes due 2029 is fixed at 4.50 . 
 
 Item 4. Controls and procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Based on such evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that as of October 31, 2024, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended October 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 -37- 

Part II Other information 
 
 Item 1. Legal proceedings 
 From time-to-time, we may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the normal course of our business activities. Except as described in Note 5 Commitments and contingencies, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we were not a party to any litigation whereby the outcome of such litigation, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. For a description of these legal proceedings, see Note 5 Commitments and contingencies of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk factors 
 The risks described in Risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 , this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and subsequent periodic reports could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes in such risks. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face, and our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 
 Fraudulent account activity has led, and could continue to lead, to financial and reputational damage to us and could reduce the use and acceptance of our products and services. 
 Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to obtain personal information, which they then use to commit fraud. We have experienced a significant increase in outside fraudulent activity targeting member accounts, resulting in loss to us as we incurred service costs from remediation and reimbursement to impacted members. In addition, we suffered reputational damage that could reduce the use and acceptance of our products and services, or cause our Clients, members, and Network Partners to look for alternative providers. If we fail to protect our member accounts in the future, we may suffer additional financial and reputational damage, and our business and financial results may be adversely affected. 
 Achieving our business strategy depends in large part on the success of our upcoming CEO transition. 
 On November 12, 2024, we announced that our longtime President and Chief Executive Officer, Jon Kessler, has decided to retire effective January 6, 2025, at which time Scott Cutler will join the Company as his successor. Any significant leadership change involves inherent risk and can be difficult to manage. Our new CEO will be critical to executing on and achieving our business strategy, and our success depends, in large part, on the effectiveness of this transition. If our new CEO is unsuccessful at leading the Company and our management team, or is unable to successfully execute the Company s strategy, our business may be harmed and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

-38- 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds 
 Issuer purchases of equity securities 
 The following table presents information with respect to HealthEquity's repurchases of common stock during the three months ended October 31, 2024 (in thousands, except average price paid per share). 
 Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share (2) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs August 1 - 31 300,000 September 1 - 30 326 78.24 326 274,494 October 1 - 31 406 84.99 406 239,987 Total 732 732 
 (1) Repurchases may be effected through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. See Note 9 Stockholders' equity for additional information related to our stock repurchase program. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 
 Item 5. Other information 
 Rule 10b5-1 plan elections 
 None of the Company's directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 . 
 -39- 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Incorporate by reference Exhibit no. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2024, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the Swing Line Lender (as defined therein), and each L/C Issuer (as defined therein) party thereto. 
 8-K 001-36568 10.1 August 27, 2024 31.1+ Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2+ Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 # Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 # Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy schema linkbase document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy calculation linkbase document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy definition linkbase document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy labels linkbase document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy presentation linkbase document 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 
 + Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. # These certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing the registrant makes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC. 
 
 -40- 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HEALTHEQUITY, INC. Date: December 9, 2024 By: /s/ James Lucania Name: James Lucania Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 -41- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-ceo302xfy25q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jon Kessler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of HealthEquity, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 9, 2024 
 By s Jon Kessler Name Jon Kessler Title Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-cfo302xfy25q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 pursuant to 
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, James Lucania, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of HealthEquity, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 9, 2024 
 By s James Lucania Name James Lucania Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-ceo906xfy25q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Jon Kessler, the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of HealthEquity, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to my knowledge 
 1. Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 (the Report ), of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date December 9, 2024 
 By s Jon Kessler Name Jon Kessler Title Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-cfo906xfy25q3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, James Lucania, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of HealthEquity, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to my knowledge 
 1. Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 (the Report ), of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date December 9, 2024 
 By s James Lucania Name James Lucania Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hqy-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hqy-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hqy-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hqy-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hqy-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

