<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1970622_0001213900-24-098549.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4390866</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121665</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>947487</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>847384</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1141374</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1248081</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098549.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114170500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098549
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		241464076

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-476-6908

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205 #1017
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098549.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220678-10q_infle2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 13, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued
and outstanding. 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Interim Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 30 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 30 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 31 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 32 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Total Current Assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Convertible promissory note related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, issued and outstanding shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding (excluding 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 For the 
 Period from 
March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

OTHER INCOME 

Interest income from bank 

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

NET INCOME 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023
AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of March 6, 2023 (inception) 

Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Sale of Class A ordinary shares and over-allotment 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Underwriters compensation 

Offering costs 

Sale of private placement warrants 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of private placements warrants 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Prepaid services contributed by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note related party 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

Class B ordinary shares
to the Sponsor for , or approximately per share. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of ,
resulting in the Sponsor holding Class B ordinary shares (such Class B ordinary shares, together with the Class A ordinary shares
issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, the Founder Shares ). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect
the share capitalization. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option was not exercised by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option
on May 30, 2023, Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares. The remaining Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared
effective on May 24, 2023. On May 30, 2023, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units ), which includes
the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share (the Public Shares and one half of redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share for per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company
consummated the sale of private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor
Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO CF CO ), at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, or in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. Of those Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased
 Private Placement Warrants and CF CO purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds
are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of cash underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs. 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. 

5 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sales of the Private Placement Warrants was placed
in the trust account (the Trust Account and will be held as cash or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations
with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act,
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants placed into the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial
Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii)
the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within months
from the closing of the IPO, by such earlier liquidation date as the Company s board of directors may approve or by such later liquidation
date approved by the Company s shareholders pursuant to an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (the Completion Window ), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company s
Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with
the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. 

The Company will provide the Company s public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote
by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as
of business prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in
the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per Public Share (without taking into account interest earned or taxes payable). 

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were
recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. 

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than business thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the Public Shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public
Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement
of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion
of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii)
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion
Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any Founder Shares held by them and any Public
Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business
Combination (subject to applicable law). 

6 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

USARE Business Combination 

On August 21, 2024 (the Signing Date the Company entered into the USARE Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, USARE and Merger Sub, pursuant to which, among
other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into USARE (the Merger ),
with USARE continuing as the surviving company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement are referred to herein as the USARE Business Combination. The combined company s business will
continue to operate through USARE and its subsidiaries. In connection with the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the Closing ),
the Company will change its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc. (such company after the closing of the Business Combination, New
USARE ). 

The Domestication 

The Company will, subject
to obtaining the required shareholder approvals and at least one day prior to the date of the closing of the USARE Business Combination
(the Closing and the date of the Closing, the Closing Date ), change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering
as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware
(the Domestication ). At least one day prior to the Domestication, the Company will provide its public shareholders the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares on the terms and conditions set forth in the USARE Business Combination Agreement and the Company s
governing documents (the Redemption ). 

By virtue of the Domestication
and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, including approval of the Company s
shareholders: 

The Merger and Consideration 

Subject to, and in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the
 Effective Time ), (i) each warrant to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C Convertible
Preferred Units or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units shall automatically be exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued
and outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit
(including each USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise
described in the preceding clause (i)) shall automatically convert into such number of Class B units of USARE (the USARE Class
B Units into which such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable,
is convertible in connection with the Merger pursuant to USARE s Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the
 USARE OA ). 

7 

INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

Class A unit of USARE (the USARE Class A Units in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time; 

(iii) 
 each warrant to purchase units of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) (the USARE Warrants that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically be exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time; 

(iv) 
 each USARE Class A Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Base Consideration and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration 

(v) 
 each USARE Class B Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration; 

(vi) each Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below); and 

(vii) 
 each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below). 

Pursuant to the USARE
Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding
equity securities of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants
(as defined below)) will be (A) (i) the number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) (i) the minus
(ii) the aggregate indebtedness of USARE and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject
to certain exceptions) divided by (b) the amount equal to the price at which each Public Share may be redeemed pursuant to the Redemption
in connection with the Domestication (collectively, the Aggregate Base Consideration plus (B) subject to the vesting and
forfeiture effects of the Earn-out Exchange Ratio described below, up to shares of New USARE Common Stock (the Aggregate
Earn-out Consideration ). The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration is subject to certain customary adjustments as described in the USARE
Business Combination Agreement. The Exchange Ratio shall be equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Base Consideration
divided by the sum (without duplication) of the aggregate number of (i) USARE Class A Units that are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE Class B Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including
all USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE
Warrants (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE
Class B Units issuable upon full exercise, exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using
the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) (such sum, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital ). 

8 

INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest and be issued if, during the five year period beginning on the first anniversary
of the Closing Date (the Earnout Period the closing sale price of share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the
national securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to for a period of at least twenty out
of thirty consecutive Trading Days (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). The remaining of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration
shall vest and be issued if, during the Earnout Period, the closing sale price of share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the
national securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to for a period of at least out
of consecutive trading . The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration may also vest upon a Change of Control (as defined in the USARE
Business Combination Agreement) pursuant to which New USARE or its shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied
value per share of New USARE Common Stock is equal to or above such price targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon
the implied per share value reaching the thresholds discussed above). 

In connection with the Closing: 

i. 
 USARE and New USARE will enter into a Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of USARE, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the managing member of USARE; and 

ii. The Company will file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below). 

Series A Preferred Stock Investment 

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the USARE Business Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, the Company, USARE and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, an accredited investor
that is an affiliate of the Company and the Sponsor (the Series A Preferred Stock Investor entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Series A SPA ). Pursuant to the Series A SPA, the Series A Preferred Stock Investor has agreed, among other
things, to purchase, at Closing, shares of New USARE s Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per
share, having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (such stock
the Series A Preferred Stock and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the amount
of shares into which such shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are initially convertible (a Series
A Preferred Investor Warrant ), for an aggregate purchase price of (the Series A Preferred Stock Investment ).
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will have a stated value of (the Stated Value ). 

In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer (the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, in Stated Value of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange
for his forgiveness of of the then-outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13,
2024 (the Note ). This Securities Purchase Agreement is in substantially the form of the Series A SPA, subject to appropriate
changes to reflect that (i) the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer is his forgiveness of of the then-outstanding balance of the
Note and (ii) Mr. Blitzer will not receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, the Company and USARE entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor has agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve the USARE Business Combination Agreement
and the other documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit New USARE Warrants for
every by which (x) the gross proceeds at the closing of the USARE Business Combination from the Trust Account (after giving
effect to the Redemption plus (y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the UASRE Business Combination
Agreement), the Series A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the USARE Business Combination Agreement) are
below , up to a maximum of New USARE Warrants forfeited. 

9 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

as deferred underwriting commissions (the Original Deferred Fee upon the consummation
of an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of the Company, filed with the SEC (File No. 333- 271128),
and dated May 24, 2024. Solely in connection with the USARE Business Combination, the Company, CF CO and USARE have entered into that
certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the Fee Reduction Agreement ), pursuant to which, upon consummation
of the USARE Business Combination, CF CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at the Company s option)
(A) a cash fee of or (B) (1) a cash fee of plus (2) shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) of
the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement) exceeds . Additionally, solely if
the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF CO will forfeit Private Placement Warrants (as defined by
the Fee Reduction Agreement). 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had of cash and working
capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans. The Company s cash and working capital are not sufficient to complete its planned activities one year from the issuance date
of the financial statements. In addition, the Company has until November 30, 2024 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time or that the Company will obtain shareholder approval to
extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination and implement such extension. If a Business Combination is
not consummated by the Business Combination deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation of the Trust Account. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful within the Completion Window. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

10 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

and in cash
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

11 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

12 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

Class A ordinary
shares in the aggregate. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income
per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Dividend income from Trust Account 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

13 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Interest income from Trust Account 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

14 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

Units, which includes a partial exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in the amount of 
Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, and one-half of redeemable Public
Warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to
adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire
 five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Warrants As of September
30, 2024, there are warrants issued and outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary
share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after
the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after
the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A
ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant
will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, and cashless
exercise is unavailable the purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for
the Class A ordinary share underlying such Unit. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that,
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of its Business Combination, it will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the IPO or a new registration
statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days
following the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth
(60 th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

15 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

trading
days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds : Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class A
ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary
shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A
ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares)
and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market
value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume
weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular
way, without the right to receive such rights. 

Private Placement
Warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, or in the aggregate, in a private placement. Of those Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased
 Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each Private Placement
Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants sold in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these
Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 
after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect
to Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than five years
from the closing of the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). 

16 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any Founder Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated
transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination (subject to applicable law). 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the Company s expenses, for which the Company issued
 Founders Shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of , resulting in the Sponsor
holding Founder Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization.
The Founder Shares included an aggregate of shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which
the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares.
The remaining Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares (including any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of Class B
ordinary shares) until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination
that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s initial
shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after
the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results
in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares
will be released from the Lock-up. 

At the Closing, the Sponsor will enter into a
Lock-Up Agreement (the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor and its permitted assigns will agree not
to, prior to the date that is (6) after the Closing Date (the Initial Common Stock Lock-Up Period ), (i) sell,
pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of (a) any shares of New USARE Common Stock the Sponsor received upon conversion
of its Founder Shares (following the automatic conversion of each of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of the Company
immediately prior to the Domestication, on a one-for-one basis, into (1) Class A ordinary share of the Company), in connection with
the Domestication (the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares ), (ii) enter into any swap or other transfer arrangement in respect of the
Sponsor Lock-Up Shares or (iii) take any other similar actions (the actions specified in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), collectively,
 Transfer in each case, without the prior written consent of the board of directors of New USARE (the New USARE Board )).
The Sponsor and its permitted assigns will also agree not to, prior to the date that is (12) after the Closing Date (the
 Second Common Stock Lock-Up Period ), Transfer more than of the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares in each case, without the prior
written consent of the New USARE Board. In addition, the Sponsor will agree to not Transfer any warrants received upon conversion of Private
Placement Warrants in connection with the Domestication (or the shares of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants),
prior to the date that is days after the Closing Date. The Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement will provide for certain permitted transfers,
including but not limited to, transfers to certain affiliates or family members, transfers of shares acquired on the open market after
the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to certain conditions, or the exercise of certain stock options and warrants. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate
of up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier
of December 31, 2023 or the closing of the IPO. The outstanding balance of was repaid at the closing of the IPO on May 30,
2023. 

17 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

per month to The Venture Collective LLC TVC ), an affiliate of one of
the Company s directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon,
Chief of Staff. In addition, the Company has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of or relating
to the IPO or the Company s operations or conduct of the Company s business or any claim against the Sponsor and/or TVC alleging
any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Company s activities or any express or
implied association between the Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand,
which agreement provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. The services and indemnification
agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. 

On March 28, 2024, the Company entered into the First Amendment to
the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced
from to (i) for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) for the period starting February
1, 2024. 

On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to
the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced
from to for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from to for the period
starting September 1, 2024. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company incurred and for these services, respectively, of which was recorded as accrued expenses
in the condensed balance sheets. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through
September 30, 2023, the company incurred and , respectively, and paid for these services. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use amounts held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants
of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

On August 13, 2024, to document existing and future Working Capital
Loans, the Company issued the Note to Michael Blitzer, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to from Mr. Blitzer, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation
of the Business Combination. 

All unpaid principal under the Note shall be due
and payable in full on the earlier of (i) November 30, 2024, or such later date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination
pursuant to its governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination (such
earlier date, the Maturity Date ), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Note.
Mr. Blitzer will have the option, at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Note, to convert up to 
outstanding under the Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of per warrant, with each warrant
entitling the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable
to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has an outstanding borrowing of under the Note. 

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 21, 2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, in
Stated Value of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of of the then-outstanding balance of the Note.
In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE and Mr. Blitzer,
USARE issued USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant to purchase up to USARE Class A Units
in exchange for Mr. Blitzer s promise to forgive, at Closing, the other of the then-outstanding balance of the Note. 

18 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

(90) after the Closing Date. Such holders
will be entitled to customary piggyback registration rights and demand registration rights. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase
up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On May 30, 2023, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO,
the underwriters elected to partially exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at a price of 
per Unit. The underwriters determined to forfeit the right to purchase the remaining Units. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the IPO, excluding any proceeds from Units sold pursuant to
the underwriters over-allotment option). Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 
on the base deal and an additional on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional Units (or
 in the aggregate) of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, solely
in connection with the USARE Business Combination, upon consummation of the Business Combination, CF CO will accept, in lieu of such
Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at the Company s option) (A) a cash fee of or (B) (1) a cash fee of plus
(2) shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction
Agreement) exceeds . Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF CO will forfeit
 Private Placement Warrants. 

Business Combination Agreement 

Refer to Note 1 for details. 

19 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION
CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

preference shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B
ordinary shares at par value of each. On March 8, 2023, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the
Sponsor for , or approximately per share. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of , resulting
in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share
capitalization. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was
not exercised by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30,
2023, Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares. The remaining Founder Shares are
no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the
holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total
number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers
or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less
than one-for-one basis. 

Holders of record of the Company s Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

20 

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

and , respectively, in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. From
March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2024, the Company did not withdraw any dividend earned on the Trust Account. 

21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the Sponsor refer to Inflection Point Holdings II LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are
not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and
projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion
of any Business Combination, the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for
future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of any
Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website
at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a special purpose acquisition company incorporated in the Cayman
Islands on March 6, 2023, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination, including the USARE
Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt
or a combination of cash, our shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues
to date. Our only activities from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for our IPO, described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination and activities
in connection with the USARE Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our
Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents and dividend income
on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of 1,510,125, which consists of interest income and dividend income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 3,427,851 and interest income from bank of 440, partially offset by operating costs of 1,918,166. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of 7,474,229, which consists of interest income and dividend income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 10,167,128 and interest income from bank of 4,554, partially offset by operating costs of 2,697,453. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 2,856,883, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,270,011
and interest income from bank of 7,709, offset by operating costs of 420,837. 

For the period from March 6, 2023 (inception)
through September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 3,681,499, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in the
Trust Account of 4,329,480 and interest income from bank of 7,709, offset by operating costs of 655,690. 

22 

Business Combination with USARE 

On August 21, 2024 (the Signing Date the Company entered into the USARE Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, USARE and Merger Sub, pursuant to which, among
other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into USARE (the Merger ),
with USARE continuing as the surviving company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement are referred to herein as the USARE Business Combination. The combined company s business
will continue to operate through USARE and its subsidiaries. In connection with the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the Closing ),
the Company will change its name to USA Rare Earth, Inc. (such company after the closing of the USARE Business Combination,
 New USARE ). 

The Domestication 

The Company will, subject
to obtaining the required shareholder approvals and at least one day prior to the date of the closing of the USARE Business Combination
(the Closing and the date of the Closing, the Closing Date ), change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering
as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware
(the Domestication ). At least one day prior to the Domestication, the Company will provide its public shareholders the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares on the terms and conditions set forth in the USARE Business Combination Agreement and the Company s
governing documents (the Redemption ). 

By virtue of the Domestication
and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, including approval of the Company s
shareholders: (i) immediately prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below) each of the then
issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of the Company will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A
ordinary share, par value of 0.0001 per share, of the Company (each a Class A Ordinary Share (the Sponsor Share
Conversion and (ii) in connection with the Domestication, (x) each then issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Share (that was
not redeemed pursuant to the Redemption) shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) share of common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (after the Domestication) (the New USARE Common Stock (y) each of the then issued
and outstanding warrants representing the right to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share shall convert automatically into a warrant to acquire
one (1) share of New USARE Common Stock (each a New USARE Warrant and (z) each of the then issued and outstanding units
of the Company will be cancelled and each holder thereof will be entitled to one share of New USARE Common Stock and one-half (1/2) of
one New USARE Warrant. 

The Merger and Consideration 

Subject to, and in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the
 Effective Time ), (i) each warrant to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C Convertible
Preferred Units or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE (the USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units shall automatically be exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued
and outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit
(including each USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise
described in the preceding clause (i)) shall automatically convert into such number of Class B units of USARE (the USARE Class
B Units into which such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable,
is convertible in connection with the Merger pursuant to USARE s Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the
 USARE OA ). 

Subject to, and in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time: 

(i) 
 each unit of USARE that is owned by the Company, Merger Sub or USARE (in treasury or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an Excluded Unit shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefore; 

(ii) 
 each incentive unit (the USARE Incentive Units that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit is continuously employed by or providing services to USARE from the Signing Date through the Effective Time, be automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, be automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one Class A unit of USARE (the USARE Class A Units in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time; 

23 

(iii) 
 each warrant to purchase units of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) (the USARE Warrants that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically be exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time; 

(iv) 
 each USARE Class A Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Base Consideration and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration 

(v) 
 each USARE Class B Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration; 

(vi) 
 each Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units, and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below); and 

(vii) 
 each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below). 

Pursuant to the USARE
Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding
equity securities of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants
(as defined below)) will be (A) (i) the number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) (i) the 800,000,000 minus
(ii) the aggregate indebtedness of USARE and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject
to certain exceptions) divided by (b) the amount equal to the price at which each Public Share may be redeemed pursuant to the Redemption
in connection with the Domestication (collectively, the Aggregate Base Consideration plus (B) subject to the vesting and
forfeiture effects of the Earn-out Exchange Ratio described below, up to 10,000,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock (the Aggregate
Earn-out Consideration ). The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration is subject to certain customary adjustments as described in the USARE
Business Combination Agreement. The Exchange Ratio shall be equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Base Consideration
divided by the sum (without duplication) of the aggregate number of (i) USARE Class A Units that are issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE Class B Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including
all USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible
Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE
Warrants (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE
Class B Units issuable upon full exercise, exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using
the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) (such sum, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital ). 

The Earn-out Exchange
Ratio shall be equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration divided by (B) the USARE Fully Diluted Capital.
50 of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest and be issued if, during the five year period beginning on the first anniversary
of the Closing Date (the Earnout Period the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the
national securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to 15.00 for a period of at least twenty out
of thirty consecutive Trading Days (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). The remaining 50 of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration
shall vest and be issued if, during the Earnout Period, the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the
national securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to 20.00 for a period of at least twenty out
of thirty consecutive trading days. The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration may also vest upon a Change of Control (as defined in the USARE
Business Combination Agreement) pursuant to which New USARE or its shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied
value per share of New USARE Common Stock is equal to or above such price targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon
the implied per share value reaching the thresholds discussed above). 

24 

In connection with the Closing: 

i. 
 USARE and New USARE will enter into a Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of USARE, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the managing member of USARE; and 

ii. 
 The Company will file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below). 

Series A Preferred Stock Investment 

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the USARE Business Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, the Company, USARE and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, an accredited investor
that is an affiliate of the Company and the Sponsor (the Series A Preferred Stock Investor entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Series A SPA ). Pursuant to the Series A SPA, the Series A Preferred Stock Investor has agreed, among other
things, to purchase, at Closing, shares of New USARE s 12 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per
share, having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (such stock
the Series A Preferred Stock and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the amount
of shares into which such shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are initially convertible (a Series
A Preferred Investor Warrant ), for an aggregate purchase price of 9,117,648 (the Series A Preferred Stock Investment ).
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will have a stated value of 12.00 (the Stated Value ). 

In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer (the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, 1,250,000 in Stated Value of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange
for his forgiveness of 50 of the then-outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13,
2024 (the Note ). This Securities Purchase Agreement is in substantially the form of the Series A SPA, subject to appropriate
changes to reflect that (i) the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer is his forgiveness of 50 of the then-outstanding balance of the
convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13, 2024 and (ii) Mr. Blitzer will not receive a Series A Preferred
Investor Warrant. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, the Company and USARE entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor has agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve the USARE Business Combination Agreement
and the other documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit 60,000 New USARE Warrants for
every 1,000,000 by which (x) the gross proceeds at the closing of the USARE Business Combination from the Trust Account (after giving
effect to the Redemption plus (y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the UASRE Business Combination
Agreement), the Series A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the USARE Business Combination Agreement) are
below 50,000,000, up to a maximum of 1,500,000 New USARE Warrants forfeited. 

Member Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, the Company, entered into a member support agreement (the Member Support Agreement with USARE and
certain members of USARE (the Supporting USARE Members pursuant to which each such Supporting USARE Members have agreed
to, among other things, support and vote in favor of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated therein
(including the Merger). 

Fee Reduction Agreement 

Pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement
between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as representative of the several underwriters CF CO ), dated May
24, 2023 (as it may be amended from time to time, the Underwriting Agreement ), the Company previously agreed to pay to CF CO
an aggregate cash amount of 13,100,000 as deferred underwriting commissions (the Original Deferred Fee upon
the consummation of an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of the Company, filed with the SEC (File
No. 333- 271128), and dated May 24, 2024. Solely in connection with the USARE Business Combination, the Company, CF CO and USARE have
entered into that certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the Fee Reduction Agreement ), pursuant to
which, upon consummation of the USARE Business Combination, CF CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at
the Company s option) (A) a cash fee of 4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of 2,000,000 plus (2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common
Stock, plus (ii) 2.0 of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement) exceeds 50,000,000.
Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF CO will forfeit 1,650,000 Private Placement
Warrants. 

For additional information regarding the USARE
Business Combination see the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024. 

25 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source
of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans
from the Sponsor. 

On May 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of
25,000,000 Units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units,
at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of
7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO,
at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,650,000. 

Following the IPO and the private placements,
a total of 251,250,000 10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction costs of 18,361,877 consisting of
 4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, 13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 861,877 of other offering costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 759,464. Net income of 7,474,229 was affected by dividend income earned on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 10,167,128. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,933,435 of cash for operating activities. 

For the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30,
2023, cash used in operating activities was 811,083. Net income of 3,681,499 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 4,329,480 and formation cost paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares of 5,845. Changes
in operating assets and liabilities used 168,947 of cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 269,138,646 consisting of U.S. government treasury obligations with maturity of 185 days or less or interests
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable), to complete our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in
part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as
working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 141,201. We intend to use
the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business
Combination, to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums and to pay an aggregate of 27,083 per month (the Monthly
Fee to The Venture Collective LLC TVC ), an affiliate of one of our directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for
the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment
to the Services and Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced
from 27,083 to (i) 17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) 24,091 for the period starting February
1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the
Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from 24,091 to 18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. The
Monthly Fee was further reduced from 18,882 to 14,746 for the period starting September 1, 2024. Upon completion of a Business Combination
or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company
incurred 52,514 and 175,050 for these services, respectively, of which 14,746 was recorded as accrued expenses in the condensed balance
sheets. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023, the
company incurred 81,250 and 115,555, respectively, and paid 115,555 for these services. 

26 

In order to finance working capital or to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes
an initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the working capital loans (the Working Capital Loans ). In the event
that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000
of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

On August 13, 2024, to document existing and future Working Capital
Loans, the Company issued the Note to Michael Blitzer, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to 2,500,000 from Mr. Blitzer, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation
of the Business Combination. 

All unpaid principal under the Note shall be due
and payable in full on the earlier of (i) November 30, 2024, or such later date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination
pursuant to its governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination (such
earlier date, the Maturity Date ), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Note.
Mr. Blitzer will have the option, at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Note, to convert up to 1,500,000
outstanding under the Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant, with each warrant
entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable
to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has an outstanding borrowing of 700,000 under the Note. 

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21,
2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, 1,250,000 in Stated Value of Series
A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 50 of the then-outstanding balance of the Note. In addition, pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE and Mr. Blitzer, USARE issued 122,549
USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units in exchange for
Mr. Blitzer s promise to forgive, at the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, the other 50 of the then-outstanding balance
of the Note. 

We believe that amounts not held in trust are
not sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated that are payable prior to the closing of our initial
Business Combination. Our costs are primarily expected to be incurred in connection with identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth
due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds
available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either
to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion
of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

We may need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and our
Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing.
If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include,
but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses.
We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered to be one
year from the date of the issuance of the unaudited condensed financial statements, or, if earlier, the date that we will be required
to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. The unaudited condensed financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

27 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating
lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of 27,083 per month to TVC, for the services
of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. We began incurring such fees on May 24, 2023, and will
continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or our liquidation. On March 28,
2024, we entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective
as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from 27,083 to (i) 17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) 24,091
for the period starting February 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification
Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from 24,091 to 18,882 for the period
starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from 18,882 to 14,746 for the period starting September 1, 2024. Upon completion
of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
commission of 5.0 on the base deal and an additional 7.0 on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional
Units, or 13,100,000 in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting commission. 

Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, solely in connection with
the USARE Business Combination, upon consummation of the USARE Business Combination, CF CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred
Fee: (i) either (at the Company s option) (A) a cash fee of 4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of 2,000,000 plus (2) 400,000 shares
of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0 of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement)
exceeds 50,000,000. Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF CO will forfeit 1,650,000
Placement Warrants. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Net Income per Share 

Net income per share is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture.
Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have
any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in
the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s unaudited
condensed financial statements. 

28 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter of 2024
covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

29 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on April 2, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results
of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time
in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds. 

On March 8, 2023, the Sponsor made a capital contribution
of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of the Company s expenses, for which the Company issued 5,750,000
Founders Shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 575,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding
6,325,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of 825,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters election to
partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, 75,000 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding
6,250,000 Founder Shares. The remaining Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. Such securities were issued pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with
respect to such sales. 

On May 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of
25,000,000 units, which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units,
at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-half of one redeemable
warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. Each Public Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire
five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The securities in the
IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-271128). The SEC declared the registration
statement effective on May 24, 2023. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor and CF CO.,
the representative of the underwriters, purchased an aggregate of 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one
Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or 7,650,000 in the aggregate, in a private
placement. Of those 7,650,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants and CF CO purchased
1,650,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales 

We incurred transaction costs amounting to 18,361,877
consisting of 4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, 13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 861,877 of other offering costs. 

After deducting the underwriting fees (excluding the deferred portion
of 13,100,000, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, if consummated (subject to the terms
of the Fee Reduction Agreement)) and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the IPO and the private placement was 252,592,838,
of which 251,250,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in the IPO, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

30 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated August 21, 2024, by and among and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Member Support Agreement, by and among Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, certain members party thereto and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Fee Reduction Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INFLECTION
 POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Blitzer 

Name: 
 Michael Blitzer 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Peter Ondishin 

Name: 
 Peter Ondishin 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022067801ex31-1_infle2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Blitzer, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) [Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14 , 2024 

/s/ Michael Blitzer 

Michael Blitzer 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022067801ex31-2_infle2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Peter Ondishin, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) [Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14 , 2024 

/s/ Peter Ondishin 

Peter Ondishin 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022067801ex32-1_infle2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Blitzer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14 , 2024 

/s/ Michael Blitzer 

Michael Blitzer 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022067801ex32-2_infle2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14 , 2024 

/s/ Peter Ondishin 

Peter Ondishin 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ipxxu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ipxxu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ipxxu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ipxxu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ipxxu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

