<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1534504_0001534504-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8612949</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183072</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1376762</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3266654</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1955195</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1650277</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001534504-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031065001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001534504-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PBF Energy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35764
		FILM NUMBER:		241412357

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 SYLVAN WAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-455-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 SYLVAN WAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001534504-24-000039.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 pbf-20240930.htm
 10-Q

pbf-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark one) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered par value .001 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, PBF Energy Inc. had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nin e months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 13 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 67 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 71 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 72 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 73 
 SIGNATURES 
 74 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is filed by PBF Energy Inc. PBF Energy which is a holding company whose primary asset is an equity interest in PBF Energy Company LLC PBF LLC ). PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and owner of an equity interest representing approximately 99.3 of the outstanding economic interests in PBF LLC as of September 30, 2024. PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business and affairs and consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. PBF LLC is a holding company for the companies that directly and indirectly own and operate our business. PBF Holding Company LLC PBF Holding is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF LLC and is the parent company for our refining operations. PBF Finance Corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF Holding. PBF Logistics LP PBFX is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF Energy and PBF LLC that owns and operates logistics assets that support our refining operations. Collectively, PBF Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, including PBF LLC, PBF Holding, and PBFX are referred to hereinafter as the Company unless the context otherwise requires. 
 2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements , as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 PSLRA ), of expected future developments that involve risks and uncertainties. You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as believes, expects, may, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or similar expressions that relate to our strategy, plans, or intentions. All statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results or to our strategies, objectives, intentions, resources, and expectations regarding future industry trends are forward-looking statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA except to the extent such statements relate to the operations of a partnership or limited liability company. In addition, we, through our senior management, from time to time make forward-looking public statements concerning our expected future operations and performance and other developments. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those that we expected. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, which we refer to as cautionary statements, are disclosed under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 of PBF Energy, which we refer to as our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). All forward-looking information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Some of the factors that we believe could affect our results include: 
 supply, demand, prices and other market conditions for our products or crude oil, including volatility in commodity prices or constraints arising from federal, state, or local governmental actions or environmental and/or social activists that reduce crude oil production or availability in the regions in which we operate our pipelines and facilities; 
 rate of inflation and its impact on supply and demand, pricing, and supply chain disruption; 
 the effects related to, or resulting from, geopolitical conflict around the world, including Russia s military action in Ukraine, ongoing armed hostilities in the middle east and disruptions in international shipping, resulting from ongoing attacks by armed groups on cargo ships in the Red Sea, including the imposition of additional sanctions and export controls, the potential expansion of such conflicts to other nations or regions, as well as the broader impacts to financial markets and the global macroeconomic and geopolitical environment; 
 the effectiveness of our crude oil sourcing strategies, including our crude by rail strategy and related commitments; 
 our obligation to buy Renewable Identification Numbers RINs and market risks related to the volatility in the price of RINs required to comply with the Renewable Fuel Standard RFS and greenhouse gas GHG emission credits required to comply with various GHG emission programs, such as California Assembly Bill 32 AB 32 
 our ability to operate our businesses efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs (including general and administrative expenses) and generate earnings and cash flow; 
 our expectations with respect to our capital spending and turnaround projects; 
 3 

the impact of current and future laws, rulings, and governmental regulations, including restrictions on the exploration and/or production of crude oil in the state of California, the implementation of rules and regulations regarding transportation of crude oil by rail or in response to the potential impacts of climate change, decarbonization and future energy transition and public policy in opposition to recent refining industry profits; 
 adverse impacts related to legislation by the federal government lifting the restrictions on exporting U.S. crude oil or subjecting us to trade and sanctions laws, which change frequently as a result of foreign policy developments, and which may necessitate changes to our crude oil acquisition activities; 
 our ability to manage our costs and expenses; 
 political pressure and influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders on decisions and policies related to the refining, processing and storage of crude oil and refined products, and the related adverse impacts from changes in our regulatory environment, such as the effects of compliance with AB 32 and/or California Assembly Bill ABX2-1, or from actions taken by environmental interest groups; 
 the risk of cyber-attacks; 
 our increased dependence on technology; 
 the effects of competition in our markets; 
 the possibility that we might reduce or not pay dividends in the future; 
 the inability of our subsidiaries to freely make distributions to us; 
 our ability to make acquisitions or investments, including in renewable diesel production, and to realize the benefits from such acquisitions or investments; 
 our ability to successfully manage the operations of our 50-50 equity method investment, St. Bernard Renewables LLC SBR ), which owns the biorefinery co-located with our Chalmette refinery in Louisiana (the Renewable Diesel Facility ), together with our partner, Eni Sustainable Mobility US Inc., a subsidiary of Eni SpA Eni 
 liabilities arising from recent acquisitions or investments, that are unforeseen or exceed our expectations; 
 our expectations and timing with respect to our acquisition and investment activity and whether such acquisitions and investments are accretive or dilutive to shareholders; 
 adverse developments in our relationship with both our key employees and unionized employees; 
 our indebtedness, including the impact of potential downgrades to our corporate credit rating and/or unsecured notes; 
 changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and capital costs; 
 restrictive covenants in our indebtedness that may adversely affect our operational flexibility; 
 counterparty credit and performance risk exposure related to our supply and inventory intermediation arrangements, if any; 
 payments by PBF Energy to the current and former holders of PBF LLC Series A Units and PBF LLC Series B Units, or their permitted assignees, under PBF Energy s tax receivable agreement entered with the PBF LLC Series A and PBF LLC Series B unitholders (the Tax Receivable Agreement for certain tax benefits we may claim; 
 4 

our assumptions regarding payments arising under PBF Energy s Tax Receivable Agreement and other arrangements relating to our organizational structure are subject to change due to various factors, including, among other factors, the timing of exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock as contemplated by the Tax Receivable Agreement, the price of PBF Energy Class A common stock at the time of such exchanges, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable, and the amount and timing of our income; and 
 the impact of disruptions to crude or feedstock supply to any of our refineries or our Renewable Diesel Facility, or with third-party logistics infrastructure or operations, including pipeline, marine and rail transportation. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors may not contain all of the material factors that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not in fact occur. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on those statements. 
 Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. 
 
 5 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited, in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively) 
 Equity method investment in SBR Lease right of use assets Deferred charges and other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Payable pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement Deferred revenue Current operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Payable pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement Deferred tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term financing lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding at September 30, 2024, shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding at September 30, 2024, shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Treasury stock, at cost, shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total PBF Energy Inc. equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited, in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost and expenses: Cost of products and other Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense as reflected below) Depreciation and amortization expense Cost of sales General and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense as reflected below) Depreciation and amortization expense Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net ) Equity loss (income) in investee ) ) Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment ) Loss (gain) on sale of assets ) Total cost and expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense (net of interest income of million, million, million, and million, respectively) 
 ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of catalyst obligations ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Other non-service components of net periodic benefit cost Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders ) ) Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding Basic Diluted Net income (loss) available to Class A common stock per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (unaudited, in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities ) ) Net gain on pension and other post-retirement benefits Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (unaudited, in millions, except share and per share data) 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Distributions to PBF Energy Company LLC members ) ) Dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Distributions to PBF Energy Company LLC members ) ) Dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (continued) 
 (unaudited, in millions, except share and per share data) 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Distributions to PBF Energy Company LLC members ) ) Dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans Exchange of PBF Energy Company LLC Series A Units for PBF Energy Class A common stock ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) (0.6) Distributions to PBF Energy Company LLC members ) ) Dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Other Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited, in millions) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of catalyst obligations ) Deferred income taxes ) Non-cash change in inventory repurchase obligations Non-cash lower of cost or market inventory adjustment Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Pension and other post-retirement benefit costs Loss (income) from equity method investment ) Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment ) Loss (gain) on sale of assets ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) ) Deferred revenue ) Payment related to Tax Receivable Agreement ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Expenditures for property, plant, and equipment ) ) Expenditures for deferred turnaround costs ) ) Expenditures for other assets ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Equity method investment - contribution ) ) Equity method investment - return of capital Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (unaudited, in millions) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from financing activities: Dividend payments ) ) Distributions to PBF Energy Company LLC members other than PBF Energy ) ) Proceeds from 2030 7.875 Senior Notes Redemption of 2025 7.25 Senior Notes ) Redemption of PBFX 2023 Senior Notes ) Settlement of precious metal catalyst obligations ) Payments on financing leases ) ) Proceeds from insurance premium financing Payments of contingent consideration ) Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans, net Share repurchases of PBF Energy s Class A common stock ) ) Deferred financing costs and other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures Non-cash activities: Accrued and unpaid capital expenditures Assets acquired or remeasured under operating and financing leases SBR Contribution Receivable Contribution of assets to SBR equity method investment ) ) Settlement of affiliate note payable to fund investment in SBR working capital ) Cash paid during the period for: Interest (net of capitalized interest of million and million in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Income taxes 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 12 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 economic interest in PBF LLC as of September 30, 2024 through its ownership of PBF LLC Series C Units, which are held solely by PBF Energy. Holders of PBF LLC Series A Units, which are held by parties other than PBF Energy the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy ), hold the remaining economic interest in PBF LLC. In addition, the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of PBF LLC provides that any PBF LLC Series A Units acquired by PBF Energy will automatically be reclassified as PBF LLC Series C Units in connection with such acquisition. PBF LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, owns and operates oil refineries and related facilities in North America. Additionally, PBF LLC, together with its subsidiaries, own an interest in an equity method investment in St. Bernard Renewables LLC SBR that owns and operates a biorefinery co-located with the Chalmette refinery in Louisiana (the Renewable Diesel Facility ). 
 Collectively, PBF Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, are referred to hereinafter as the Company unless the context otherwise requires. 
 13 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2. 
 Crude oil and feedstocks Warehouse stock and other Lower of cost or market adjustment ) Total inventories 
 During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an adjustment to value its inventories to the lower of cost or market LCM which decreased income from operations by million, reflecting an increase in the LCM inventory reserve of million. 
 million, reflecting LCM inventory reserve. 
 14 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. 
 Renewable energy credit and emissions obligations (a) Accrued transportation costs Excise and sales tax payable Accrued salaries and benefits Accrued refinery maintenance and support costs Accrued utilities Accrued purchases - SBR Accrued capital expenditures Environmental liabilities Current finance lease liabilities Accrued interest Contingent consideration Other Total accrued expenses 
 _____________________ 
 
 15 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

4. 
 senior unsecured notes due 2028 2028 Senior Notes 
 senior unsecured notes due 2030 2030 Senior Notes 
 Revolving Credit Facility Unamortized discount ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with all covenants, including financial covenants, in all its debt agreements. 
 
 5. 
 equity investment, but does not control. In connection with the commencement of operations at SBR, the Company has provided limited financial performance guarantees to certain of SBR s third-party suppliers for various commercial transactions, primarily for the purchase of feedstock inventory. Although the Company does not currently expect to perform under such guarantees, it is entitled to certain indemnification protections from Eni in the event that it is required to perform. 
 Commercial Agreements 
 PBF Holding Company LLC PBF Holding has entered into commercial agreements with SBR for the purchase and sale of RINs and Low Carbon Fuel Standard LCFS credits. The Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Renewable Identification Numbers was initiated on June 1, 2023, and the Leadership for Energy Automated Processing Master Agreement for Purchasing and Selling of LCFS credits was initiated on August 1, 2023. Both agreements had initial terms of three months. Upon the expiration of the initial terms, both agreements have been, and may continue to be, automatically renewed for successive three-month periods unless earlier terminated by the Company or SBR via written notice at least two months in advance of expiration. 
 Operating Agreement 
 The Company entered into an operation and management services and secondment agreement (the Operating Agreement with SBR in June 2023, pursuant to which the Company provides SBR with the personnel necessary for SBR to operate so that it may perform its obligations under the commercial agreements. The Company charges SBR a fixed operating fee under the agreement and SBR reimburses the Company for the use of employees and the provision of certain infrastructure-related services to the extent applicable to its operations. 
 16 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Purchases ) ) ) ) Reimbursements under related party agreements: Operating Agreement Omnibus Agreement CAUSA Total lease expense under related party agreements ) ) 
 Total sales, consisting of refined product sales, and purchases, primarily related to environmental credit and hydrocarbon purchases, under the commercial agreements with SBR are included within Revenues and Cost of products and other, respectively, on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 million and million recorded within Accounts receivable and Accrued expenses, respectively, related to transactions with SBR as of September 30, 2024 million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023). 
 17 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6. 
 million as of September 30, 2024 million as of December 31, 2023) and related primarily to remediation obligations to address existing soil and groundwater contamination and the related monitoring and clean-up activities. Costs related to these obligations are reassessed periodically or when changes to the Company s remediation approach are identified. The current portion of the environmental liability is recorded in Accrued expenses and the non-current portion is recorded in Other long-term liabilities. 
 The aggregate environmental liability reflected on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were classified as Other long-term liabilities. These liabilities include remediation and monitoring costs expected to be incurred over an extended period of time. Estimated liabilities could increase in the future when the results of ongoing investigations become known, are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. 
 18 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the amount of the benefits, if any, that PBF Energy is deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis, as described below, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement, the benefits deemed realized by PBF Energy will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of PBF Energy (calculated with certain assumptions) to the amount of such taxes that PBF Energy would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the assets of PBF LLC as a result of purchases or exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock and had PBF Energy not entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement. The term of the Tax Receivable Agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless: (i) PBF Energy exercises its right to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement, (ii) PBF Energy breaches any of its material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or (iii) certain changes of control occur, in which case all obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally be accelerated and due as calculated under certain assumptions. 
 The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are obligations of PBF Energy and not of any of its subsidiaries. In general, PBF Energy expects to obtain funding for these annual payments from PBF LLC, primarily through tax distributions, which PBF LLC makes on a pro-rata basis to its owners. Such owners include PBF Energy, which holds a interest in PBF LLC as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. PBF LLC generally obtains funding to pay its tax distributions by causing PBF Holding to distribute cash to PBF LLC and from distributions it receives from PBF Logistics LP PBFX ). 
 As of September 30, 2024, PBF Energy recognized a liability of million related to the Tax Receivable Agreement obligation, of which million was recorded as a current liability and represents the Company s best estimate of payments to be made within a year. As of December 31, 2023 PBF Energy recognized a liability of million, of which million was recorded as a current liability and paid in January 2024 related to the 2022 tax year. These liabilities reflect the estimate of the undiscounted amounts that PBF Energy expects to pay under the agreement, net of the impact of any deferred tax asset valuation allowance recognized in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board, Accounting Standard Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes . As future taxable income is recognized, increases in PBF Energy s Tax Receivable Agreement liability may be necessary in conjunction with the revaluation of deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 10 - Income Taxes for more details. 
 19 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

7. 
 as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 PBF Energy consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries, and records a noncontrolling interest for the economic interest in PBF Energy held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. Noncontrolling interest on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations includes the portion of net income or loss attributable to the economic interest in PBF Energy held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. Noncontrolling interest on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets reflects the portion of net assets of PBF Energy attributable to the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy. 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 -for-one basis. 
 20 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining. PBF Holding, through Chalmette Refining, owns an ownership interest in both Collins Pipeline Company and T M Terminal Company. 
 Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interest 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends and distributions ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans Exchanges of PBF Energy Company LLC Series A Units for PBF Energy Class A common stock ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (in millions) PBF Energy Inc. Equity Noncontrolling Interest in PBF LLC Noncontrolling Interest in PBF Holding Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2023 Comprehensive income 
 Dividends and distributions ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Transactions in connection with stock-based compensation plans Treasury stock purchases ) ) Other Balance at September 30, 2023 
 21 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion and has a program expiration date of December 2025. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased and shares of PBF Energy s Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for million and million, respectively, inclusive of commissions paid, through open market transactions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased and shares of PBF Energy s Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for million and million, respectively, inclusive of commissions paid, through open market transactions. 
 Treasury stock repurchases can be made from time to time through various methods, including open market transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, certain of which could be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and number of shares repurchased depends on a variety of factors, including price, capital availability, legal requirements, and economic and market conditions. The Company is not obligated to purchase any shares under the Repurchase Program, and repurchases could be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 The Company records PBF Energy Class A common stock surrendered to cover income tax withholdings for certain directors and employees and others pursuant to the vesting of certain awards under the Company s equity-based compensation plans as treasury shares. 
 
 8. 
 million, or per unit to its members, of which million was distributed pro-rata to PBF Energy and the balance was distributed to its other members. PBF Energy used this million to pay quarterly cash dividends of per share of Class A common stock on March 14, 2024, May 30, 2024, and August 29, 2024. 
 22 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9. 
 
 Feedstocks and other Asphalt and blackoils Chemicals Lubricants Total Refining Revenue Logistics Segment: Logistics Revenue Total revenue prior to eliminations Elimination of intercompany revenue ) ) Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Refining Segment: Gasoline and distillates Asphalt and blackoils Feedstocks and other Chemicals Lubricants Total Refining Revenue Logistics Segment: Logistics Revenue Total revenue prior to eliminations Elimination of intercompany revenue ) ) Total Revenues 
 The majority of the Company s revenues are generated from the sale of refined products. These revenues are largely based on the current spot (market) prices of the products sold, which represent consideration specifically allocable to the products being sold on a given day, and the Company recognizes those revenues upon delivery and transfer of title to the products to the Company s customers. The time at which delivery and transfer of title occurs is the point when the Company s control of the products is transferred to the Company s customers and when its performance obligation to its customers is fulfilled. Delivery and transfer of title are specifically agreed to between the Company and customers within the contracts. The Company also has contracts which contain fixed pricing, tiered pricing, minimum volume features with makeup periods, or other factors that have not materially been affected by ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
 23 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Fluctuations in the deferred revenue balance are primarily driven by the timing and extent of cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying the Company s performance obligations. 
 The Company s payment terms vary by type and location of customers and the products offered. The period between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant (i.e. generally within two months). For certain products or services and customer types, the Company requires payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. 
 
 10. 
 as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023). PBF LLC is organized as a limited liability company and PBFX is a partnership, both of which are treated as flow-through entities for federal income tax purposes and therefore are not subject to federal income taxes apart from the income tax attributable to the subsidiaries acquired in connection with the acquisition of Chalmette Refining and PBF Holding s wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, PBF Energy Limited, that are treated as C-Corporations for income tax purposes, with the tax provision calculated based on the effective tax rate for the periods presented. 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was enacted and signed into law in the United States. The IRA is a budget reconciliation package that includes significant law changes relating to tax, climate change, energy, and health care. The tax provisions include, among other items, a corporate alternative minimum tax of , an excise tax of on corporate stock buy-backs, energy-related tax credits and incentives, and additional Internal Revenue Service funding. Based on the Company s results over the past three fiscal years, the corporate alternative minimum tax would be applicable but is currently not expected to have a material impact on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company does not expect the other tax provisions of the IRA to have a material impact on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 24 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. PBF Energy s effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 PBF Energy s effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, including the impact of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest of ) million and ) million, respectively, was and . PBF Energy s effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, including the impact of income attributable to noncontrolling interest of million and million, respectively, was and , respectively. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, PBF Energy s effective tax rate did not materially differ from the United States statutory rate, inclusive of state income taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, PBF Energy s effective tax rate differed from the United States statutory rate, inclusive of state income taxes, as a result of equity-based compensation activity and permanent book/tax differences related to the use of blender s tax credits. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, PBF Energy s effective tax rate did not materially differ from the United States statutory rate, inclusive of state income taxes. 
 material uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2024. The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits. 
 25 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11. 
 million and million, respectively. Cash collateral related to derivative contracts is recorded net in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has no derivative contracts that are subject to master netting arrangements that are reflected gross on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Fair Value Hierarchy Total Gross Fair Value Effect of Counter-party Netting Net Carrying Value on Balance Sheet (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Money market funds N/A Commodity contracts ) Liabilities: Commodity contracts ) Renewable energy credit and emissions obligations 
 As of December 31, 2023 Fair Value Hierarchy Total Gross Fair Value Effect of Counter-party Netting Net Carrying Value on Balance Sheet (in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Money market funds N/A Commodity contracts ) Liabilities: Commodity contracts ) Renewable energy credit and emissions obligations Contingent consideration obligation 
 26 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million was paid in full during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Non-qualified pension plan assets are measured at fair value using a market approach based on published net asset values of mutual funds as a practical expedient. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, were included within Deferred charges and other assets, net for these non-qualified pension plan assets. 
 Settlements ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) included in earnings ) Balance at end of period 
 27 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

transfers between levels during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Fair value of debt 
 2030 Senior Notes (a) 
 Unamortized discount ) n/a ) n/a Less - Unamortized deferred financing costs ) n/a ) n/a Long-term debt _________________________ 
 (a) 
 28 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12. 
 barrels of crude oil and barrels of refined products and , respectively, as of December 31, 2023), outstanding under short and long term commodity derivative contracts not designated as hedges representing the notional value of the contracts. 
 The Company also uses derivative instruments to mitigate the risk associated with the price of credits needed to comply with various governmental and regulatory environmental compliance programs. For such contracts that represent derivatives, the Company elects the normal purchase normal sale exception under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and therefore does not record them at fair value.) December 31, 2023: Commodity contracts Accounts receivable 
 29 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023: Derivatives included within the inventory intermediation agreement obligations Cost of products and other ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Derivatives included within the inventory intermediation agreement obligations Cost of products and other For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Derivatives included within the inventory intermediation agreement obligations Cost of products and other ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: For the three months ended September 30, 2024: Commodity contracts Cost of products and other For the three months ended September 30, 2023: Commodity contracts Cost of products and other ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Commodity contracts Cost of products and other For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Commodity contracts Cost of products and other Hedged items designated in fair value hedges: For the three months ended September 30, 2024: Crude oil, intermediate and refined product inventory Cost of products and other For the three months ended September 30, 2023: Crude oil, intermediate and refined product inventory Cost of products and other For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Crude oil, intermediate and refined product inventory Cost of products and other For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Crude oil, intermediate and refined product inventory Cost of products and other 
 The Company had ineffectiveness related to the fair value hedges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 30 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

13. 
 reportable segments, Refining and Logistics. Operations that are not included in the Refining or Logistics segments, including the Company s share of SBR s results, are included in Corporate. Intersegment transactions are eliminated in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and are included in the Eliminations column below. 
 Refining 
 The Company s Refining segment includes the operations of its refineries, including certain related logistics assets that are not owned by PBFX. The Company s refineries are located in Delaware City, Delaware, Paulsboro, New Jersey, Toledo, Ohio, Chalmette, Louisiana, Torrance, California and Martinez, California. The refineries produce unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants, and other petroleum products in the United States. The Company purchases crude oil, other feedstocks and blending components from various third-party suppliers. The Company sells products throughout the Northeast, Midwest, Gulf Coast and West Coast of the United States, as well as in other regions of the United States, Canada, and Mexico, and is able to ship products to other international destinations. 
 Logistics 
 The Company s Logistics segment is comprised of PBFX, a partnership formed to own or lease, operate, develop, and acquire crude oil and refined products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets. PBFX s assets primarily consist of rail and truck terminals and unloading racks, tank farms and pipelines that were acquired from or contributed by PBF LLC and are located at, or nearby, the Company s refineries. PBFX provides various rail, truck and marine terminaling services, pipeline transportation services and storage services to PBF Holding and/or its subsidiaries and third-party customers through fee-based commercial agreements. PBFX currently does not generate significant third-party revenues and intersegment related-party revenues are eliminated in consolidation. From a PBF Energy perspective, the Company s chief operating decision maker evaluates the Logistics segment as a whole without regard to any of PBFX s individual operating segments. 
 The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based primarily on income from operations. Income from operations includes those revenues and expenses that are directly attributable to management of the respective segment. The Logistics segment s revenues include intersegment transactions with the Company s Refining segment at prices the Company believes are substantially equivalent to the prices that could have been negotiated with unaffiliated parties with respect to similar services. Activities of the Company s business that are not included in the operating segments are included in Corporate. Such activities consist primarily of corporate staff operations and other items that are not specific to the normal operations of the operating segments. The Company does not allocate non-operating income and expense items, including income taxes, to the individual segments. The Refining segment s operating subsidiaries and PBFX are primarily pass-through entities with respect to income taxes. 
 Total assets of each segment consist of property, plant and equipment, inventories, cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and other assets directly associated with the segment s operations. Corporate assets consist primarily of the Company s equity method investment in SBR, non-operating property, plant and equipment and other assets not directly related to the Company s refinery and logistics operations. 
 31 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Depreciation and amortization expense Income (loss) from operations 
 ) ) ) Interest (income) expense, net ) ) Capital expenditures (1) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Refining Logistics Corporate Eliminations Consolidated Total Revenues ) Depreciation and amortization expense Income (loss) from operations (2) 
 ) Interest expense (income), net ) Capital expenditures (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Refining Logistics Corporate Eliminations Consolidated Total Revenues ) Depreciation and amortization expense Income (loss) from operations (2) 
 ) ) ) Interest (income) expense, net ) ) Capital expenditures (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Refining Logistics Corporate Eliminations Consolidated Total Revenues ) Depreciation and amortization expense Income from operations (2) 
 Interest (income) expense, net ) Capital expenditures (1) 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 Refining Logistics Corporate Eliminations Consolidated Total Total assets (3) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Refining Logistics Corporate Eliminations Consolidated Total Total assets (3) 
 ) 
 ___________________________________ 
 32 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of capital expenditures related to the Renewable Diesel Facility. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s refining segment included million and million, respectively, of capital expenditures related to the Renewable Diesel Facility. 
 (2) million reduction of the gain associated with the formation of the SBR equity method investment. Income from operations within Corporate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes a loss of million and a gain of million, respectively, associated with the formation of the SBR equity method investment. 
 (3) million and million, respectively . 
 33 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

14.) ) Less: Income allocated to participating securities 
 Income (loss) available to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders - basic 
 ) ) Denominator for basic net income (loss) per Class A common share - weighted average shares 
 Basic net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy per Class A common share 
 ) ) Diluted Earnings Per Share: 
 Numerator: 
 Income (loss) available to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders - basic 
 ) ) Plus: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest (1) 
 ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) (1) 
 ) ) Numerator for diluted net income (loss) per PBF Energy Class A common share - net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders (1) 
 ) ) Denominator: (1) 
 Denominator for basic net income (loss) per PBF Energy Class A common share-weighted average shares 
 Effect of dilutive securities: (2) 
 Conversion of PBF LLC Series A Units 
 Common stock equivalents 
 Denominator for diluted net income (loss) per PBF Energy Class A common share-adjusted weighted average shares 
 Diluted net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders per PBF Energy Class A common share 
 ) ) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 34 

PBF ENERGY INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

estimated annualized statutory corporate tax rate for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023), attributable to the converted units. 
 (2) and shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock and PBF LLC Series A Units because they are anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Common stock equivalents exclude the effects of performance share units and options and warrants to purchase and shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock and PBF LLC Series A Units because they are anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. For periods showing a net loss, all common stock equivalents and unvested restricted stock are considered anti-dilutive. 
 
 15. 
 per share on outstanding PBF Energy Class A common stock. The dividend is payable on November 27, 2024 to PBF Energy Class A common stockholders of record at the close of business on November 13, 2024. 
 
 35 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements of PBF Energy included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the unaudited financial statements and related notes included in this report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. We caution that assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions, or beliefs about future events may, and often do, vary from actual results and the differences can be material. Please see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms we, us, and our refer to PBF Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries, including PBF LLC, PBF Holding and its subsidiaries and PBFX and its subsidiaries, and our 50 interest in SBR. 
 36 

Overview 
 We are one of the largest independent petroleum refiners and suppliers of unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants, and other petroleum products in the United States. We sell our products throughout the Northeast, Midwest, Gulf Coast and West Coast of the United States, as well as in other regions of the United States, Canada and Mexico and are able to ship products to other international destinations. We own and operate six domestic oil refineries and related assets and own a 50 interest in the Renewable Diesel Facility through our SBR equity method investment. Our refineries have a combined processing capacity, known as throughput, of approximately 1,000,000 barrels per day bpd ), and a weighted-average Nelson Complexity Index of 12.7 based on current operating conditions. The complexity and throughput capacity of our refineries are subject to change dependent upon configuration changes we make to respond to market conditions, as well as a result of investments made to improve our facilities and maintain compliance with environmental and governmental regulations. We operate in two reportable business segments: Refining and Logistics. Our six oil refineries are all engaged in the refining of crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, and represent the Refining segment. PBFX operates certain logistical assets such as crude oil and refined products terminals, pipelines, and storage facilities, which represent the Logistics segment. 
 Our six refineries are located in Delaware City, Delaware, Paulsboro, New Jersey, Toledo, Ohio, Chalmette, Louisiana, Torrance, California and Martinez, California. Each refinery is briefly described in the table below: 
 Refinery Region Nelson Complexity Index (1) 
 Throughput Capacity (in bpd) (1) 
 PADD Crude Processed (2) 
 Source (2) 
 Delaware City East Coast 13.6 180,000 1 light sweet through heavy sour water, rail Paulsboro East Coast 8.8 (3) 
 155,000 (3) 
 1 light sweet through heavy sour water Toledo Mid-Continent 11.0 180,000 2 light sweet pipeline, truck, rail Chalmette Gulf Coast 13.0 185,000 3 light sweet through heavy sour water, pipeline Torrance West Coast 13.8 166,000 5 medium and heavy pipeline, water, truck Martinez West Coast 16.1 157,000 5 medium and heavy pipeline and water _____________________ 
 (1) Reflects operating conditions at each refinery as of the date of this filing. Changes in complexity and throughput capacity reflect the result of current market conditions, in addition to investments made to improve our facilities and maintain compliance with environmental and governmental regulations. Configurations at each of our refineries are evaluated periodically and updated accordingly. 
 (2) Reflects the typical crude and feedstocks and related sources utilized under normal operating conditions and prevailing market environments. 
 (3) Under normal operating conditions and prevailing market environments, our Nelson Complexity Index and throughput capacity for the Paulsboro refinery would be 13.1 and 180,000, respectively. As a result of the reconfiguration of our East Coast refineries in 2020, and subsequent restart of several idled processing units at the Paulsboro refinery in 2022, our Nelson Complexity Index and throughput capacity were adjusted. 
 37 

As of September 30, 2024, PBF Energy owned 115,144,689 PBF LLC Series C Units and our current and former executive officers and directors and certain employees and others held 862,780 PBF LLC Series A Units (we refer to all of the holders of the PBF LLC Series A Units as the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy ). As a result, the holders of our issued and outstanding shares of our PBF Energy Class A common stock have approximately 99.3 of the voting power in us, and the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy through their holdings of Class B common stock have approximately 0.7 of the voting power in us (99.3 and 0.7 as of December 31, 2023, respectively). 
 
 Factors Affecting Comparability Between Periods 
 Our results have been affected by the following events, the understanding of which will aid in assessing the comparability of our period to period financial performance and financial condition. 
 Debt and Credit Facilities 
 PBF Holding Revolving Credit Facility 
 On August 23, 2023, we entered into an amendment and restatement of our existing asset-based revolving credit agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement ). The Revolving Credit Agreement amended and restated the previously existing revolving credit agreement dated as of May 2, 2018 (as amended from time to time, the Prior Credit Agreement ). Among other things, the Revolving Credit Agreement extended PBF Holding s asset-based revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility through August 2028 and increased the maximum commitment to 3.5 billion from 2.85 billion. The commitment fees on the unused portion, the interest rate on advances and the fees for letters of credit are generally consistent with the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 Senior Notes 
 On August 21, 2023, we issued 500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.875 senior unsecured notes due 2030 (the 2030 Senior Notes ). The net proceeds from this offering were approximately 488.8 million after deducting the initial purchasers discount and estimated offering expenses. We used the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, to fully redeem the outstanding 7.25 senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes ), including accrued and unpaid interest, on September 13, 2023 for approximately 664.5 million. 
 On February 2, 2023, we exercised our rights under the indenture governing PBFX s 6.875 senior notes (the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes to redeem all of the outstanding PBFX 2023 Senior Notes at a price of 100 of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest through the date of redemption. The aggregate redemption price for the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes approximated 525.0 million, inclusive of unamortized premium and deferred financing costs, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The redemption was funded using cash on hand. 
 Catalyst Financing Obligations 
 During 2023, we settled our last remaining precious metal financing arrangement, which represented a reduction of debt of approximately 3.1 million. 
 38 

Inventory Intermediation Agreement 
 Prior to 2023, PBF Holding and its subsidiaries, Delaware City Refining Company LLC, Paulsboro Refining Company LLC, and Chalmette Refining LLC Chalmette Refining (collectively, the PBF Entities ), entered into the third amended and restated inventory intermediation agreement (the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement with J. Aron Company, a subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. J. Aron ). Pursuant to the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement, J. Aron purchased and held title to certain crude oil, intermediates, and finished products (the J. Aron Products purchased or produced by the Paulsboro and Delaware City refineries (and at the election of the PBF Entities, the Chalmette refinery) (the Refineries and delivered into the storage tanks at the Refineries (the Storage Tanks ). The J. Aron Products were sold back to us as the J. Aron Products were discharged out of the Storage Tanks. 
 On June 28, 2023, the PBF Entities entered into a second amendment to the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement to amend certain provisions in order to allow for the early termination of the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement effective as of July 31, 2023. In conjunction with this early termination, we made a payment of 268.0 million for the inventory previously held by J. Aron, inclusive of 13.5 million of related costs associated with exiting the agreement. 
 Equity Method Investment in SBR 
 On June 27, 2023, we and our partner Eni, completed the closing of the equity method investment transaction and the capitalization of SBR, a jointly held investee designed to own, develop, and operate the Renewable Diesel Facility. We contributed the SBR business, which had a total estimated fair value of 1.69 billion, excluding working capital. Eni contributed 845.6 million of total consideration, which consisted of 431.0 million of cash distributed to us at close and an additional 414.6 million of cash contributed after the commercial start-up of the pre-treatment unit in July 2023. SBR now owns the Renewable Diesel Facility. As stipulated in the agreements with Eni, we managed project execution and will continue to serve as the operator of the facility. 
 Transactions with SBR 
 We and our subsidiaries have entered into various agreements with SBR, primarily related to the sale and purchase of environmental credits and hydrocarbon products. Refer to Note 5 - Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for transactions with SBR. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On December 12, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of PBF Energy's Class A common stock (as amended from time to time, the Repurchase Program ). As further approved on February 13, 2024, the Repurchase Program currently allows for repurchases of up to 1.75 billion and has a program expiration date of December 2025. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased 2,041,120 and 6,554,269 shares of PBF Energy s Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for 75.0 million and 300.1 million, respectively, inclusive of commissions paid, through open market transactions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased 2,320,179 and 9,031,056 shares of PBF Energy s Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for 115.0 million and 382.6 million, respectively, inclusive of commissions paid, through open market transactions. Please see Note 7 - Equity of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional information. 
 39 

Tax Receivable Agreement 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, PBF Energy recognized a liability for the Tax Receivable Agreement of 291.8 million and 336.6 million, respectively, reflecting the estimate of the undiscounted amounts that we expected to pay under the agreement. As of September 30, 2024, 121.8 million of the Tax Receivable Agreement obligation was recorded as a current liability and represents our best estimate of payments to be made within a year. As of December 31, 2023, 43.0 million of the Tax Receivable Agreement obligation was recorded as a current liability and represented the amount paid in January 2024 related to the 2022 tax year. As future taxable income is recognized, increases in our Tax Receivable Agreement liability may be necessary in conjunction with the revaluation of deferred tax assets. 
 40 

Results of Operations 
 The tables below reflect our consolidated financial and operating highlights for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (amounts in millions, except per share data). We operate in two reportable business segments: Refining and Logistics. Our oil refineries, excluding the assets operated by PBFX, are all engaged in the refining of crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, and represent the Refining segment. PBFX is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of PBF Energy that operates certain logistics assets such as crude oil and refined products terminals, pipelines, and storage facilities. PBFX s operations represent the Logistics segment. We do not separately discuss our results by individual segments as our Logistics segment did not have any significant third-party revenues and a significant portion of its operating results are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 8,382.3 10,733.5 25,764.0 29,186.1 Cost and expenses: Cost of products and other 7,862.3 8,720.3 23,422.6 24,423.6 Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense as reflected below) 649.7 645.3 1,950.4 2,023.7 Depreciation and amortization expense 158.5 140.1 454.7 424.2 Cost of sales 8,670.5 9,505.7 25,827.7 26,871.5 General and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense as reflected below) 65.4 92.9 193.6 257.1 Depreciation and amortization expense 3.3 3.8 9.8 8.0 Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net 65.3 (3.3) 32.4 Equity loss (income) in investee 29.4 (14.6) 42.6 (14.6) Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment 3.2 8.7 (965.7) Loss (gain) on sale of assets 0.1 0.7 (1.3) Total cost and expenses 8,768.6 9,656.4 26,079.8 26,187.4 Income (loss) from operations (386.3) 1,077.1 (315.8) 2,998.7 Other income (expense): Interest expense (net of interest income of 11.3 million, 21.9 million, 43.4 million, and 53.1 million, respectively) (21.4) (22.7) (49.2) (55.2) Change in fair value of catalyst obligations (0.1) 1.1 Loss on extinguishment of debt (5.7) (5.7) Other non-service components of net periodic benefit cost 0.5 0.1 1.7 0.5 Income (loss) before income taxes (407.2) 1,048.7 (363.3) 2,939.4 Income tax (benefit) expense (118.1) 254.6 (115.7) 729.0 Net income (loss) (289.1) 794.1 (247.6) 2,210.4 Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest (3.2) 7.7 (3.1) 21.5 Net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders (285.9) 786.4 (244.5) 2,188.9 Consolidated gross margin (288.2) 1,227.8 (63.7) 2,314.6 Gross refining margin (1) 
 429.6 1,923.1 2,069.0 4,489.1 Net income (loss) available to Class A common stock per share: Basic (2.48) 6.35 (2.09) 17.38 Diluted (2.49) 6.11 (2.09) 16.76 _________________________________ 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 41 

Operating Highlights Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Key Operating Information Production (bpd in thousands) 945.4 952.7 927.2 919.6 Crude oil and feedstocks throughput (bpd in thousands) 935.6 939.7 918.2 909.2 Total crude oil and feedstocks throughput (millions of barrels) 86.1 86.4 251.6 248.2 Consolidated gross margin per barrel of throughput (3.35) 14.20 (0.25) 9.33 Gross refining margin, excluding special items, per barrel of throughput (1) 
 6.79 22.24 8.84 18.09 Refining operating expense, per barrel of throughput 7.22 7.12 7.39 7.80 Crude and feedstocks of total throughput) (2) 
 Heavy 31 27 30 27 Medium 38 33 39 34 Light 17 21 17 21 Other feedstocks and blends 14 19 14 18 Total throughput 100 100 100 100 Yield of total throughput) Gasoline and gasoline blendstocks 49 48 47 48 Distillates and distillate blendstocks 33 34 33 34 Lubes 1 1 1 1 Chemicals 1 1 1 1 Other 17 17 19 17 Total yield 101 101 101 101 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 (2) We define heavy crude oil as crude oil with American Petroleum Institute API gravity of less than 24 degrees. We define medium crude oil as crude oil with an API gravity between 24 and 35 degrees. We define light crude oil as crude oil with an API gravity higher than 35 degrees. 
 42 

The table below summarizes certain market indicators relating to our operating results as reported by Platts, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies. Effective RIN basket price is recalculated based on information as reported by Argus. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars per barrel, except as noted) Dated Brent crude oil 79.99 87.02 82.71 82.11 West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil 75.28 82.54 77.71 77.36 Light Louisiana Sweet (LLS) crude oil 77.38 84.93 80.26 79.82 Alaska North Slope (ANS) crude oil 78.95 87.95 82.24 81.74 Crack Spreads Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 16.22 35.49 19.56 31.89 WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 17.47 26.12 18.04 27.67 LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 16.02 36.19 19.60 32.24 ANS (West Coast-LA) 4-3-1 19.27 50.22 25.19 40.80 ANS (West Coast-SF) 3-2-1 22.94 48.88 26.92 40.53 Crude Oil Differentials Dated Brent (foreign) less WTI 4.71 4.48 5.00 4.75 Dated Brent less Maya (heavy, sour) 13.09 14.59 12.60 14.24 Dated Brent less WTS (sour) 4.81 3.80 4.89 4.72 Dated Brent less ASCI (sour) 5.99 4.23 5.36 5.60 WTI less WCS (heavy, sour) 15.31 17.13 15.46 16.66 WTI less Bakken (light, sweet) 0.88 (1.97) 1.47 (2.20) WTI less Syncrude (light, sweet) (0.32) (2.31) 0.65 (2.76) WTI less LLS (light, sweet) (2.10) (2.38) (2.55) (2.46) WTI less ANS (light, sweet) (3.67) (5.41) (4.53) (4.38) Effective RIN basket price 3.89 7.42 3.65 7.76 Natural gas (dollars per MMBTU) 2.23 2.66 2.22 2.58 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Overview PBF Energy net loss was 289.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income of 794.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net loss attributable to PBF Energy stockholders was 285.9 million, or (2.49) per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, (2.50) per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net loss, or (1.50) per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net loss excluding special items, as described below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures) compared to net income attributable to PBF Energy of 786.4 million, or 6.11 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 6.11 per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income, or 6.61 per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income excluding special items, as described below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures). The net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy stockholders represents PBF Energy s equity interest in PBF LLC s pre-tax income (loss), less applicable income tax (benefit) expense. PBF Energy s weighted-average equity interest in PBF LLC was 99.3 for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 43 

Our results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by special items consisting of a non-cash, pre-tax lower of cost or market LCM inventory adjustment of approximately 154.5 million, or 114.3 million net of tax and our share of the adjustment to the SBR LCM inventory reserve of 0.3 million, or 0.2 million net of tax. Our results for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were negatively impacted by special items consisting of a change in fair value of our earn-out obligation associated with the acquisition of the Martinez refinery and logistics assets (the Martinez Contingent Consideration of 65.3 million, or 48.3 million net of tax, a loss of 5.7 million or 4.2 million net of tax, related to the extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes and the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility, exit costs associated with the early termination of the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement of 13.5 million or 10.0 million net of tax, and a loss associated with the formation of the SBR equity method investment of 3.2 million, or 2.4 million net of tax. 
 Excluding the impact of these special items, when comparing our results to the three months ended September 30, 2023, we experienced an overall decrease in our refining margins due to unfavorable movements in crack spreads and certain crude oil differentials and lower throughput volumes and barrels sold. These decreasing metrics have negatively impacted our revenues, gross margin, and operating income in comparison to the same period in 2023. 
 Revenues Revenues totaled 8.4 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10.7 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 2.3 billion, or 21.5 . Revenues per barrel were 89.20 and 111.69 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 20.1 directly related to lower hydrocarbon commodity prices. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the total throughput rates at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 307,200 bpd, 160,000 bpd, 164,600 bpd and 303,800 bpd, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the total throughput rates at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 318,600 bpd, 152,600 bpd, 184,300 bpd and 284,200 bpd, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the total barrels sold at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 342,200 bpd, 163,000 bpd, 160,100 bpd and 356,200 bpd, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the total barrels sold at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 346,700 bpd, 160,000 bpd, 193,700 bpd and 344,100 bpd, respectively. 
 Overall average throughput rates at our refineries remained consistent in the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023. We plan to continue operating our refineries based on demand and current market conditions. Total refined product barrels sold were higher than throughput rates, reflecting sales from inventory as well as sales and purchases of refined products outside our refineries. 
 Consolidated gross margin Consolidated gross margin totaled (288.2) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,227.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 1,516.0 million. Gross refining margin totaled 429.6 million, or 5.00 per barrel of throughput for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,923.1 million, or 22.24 per barrel of throughput for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 1,493.5 million. Gross refining margin excluding special items totaled 584.1 million, or 6.79 per barrel of throughput for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,923.1 million or 22.24 per barrel of throughput for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 1,339.0 million. 
 Consolidated gross margin and gross refining margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by a non-cash LCM adjustment of approximately 154.5 million resulting from the decrease in crude oil and refined product prices from the second quarter of 2024 to the end of the third quarter of 2024. Gross refining margin excluding special items decreased due to unfavorable movements in crack spreads and certain crude oil differentials and barrels sold at the majority of our refineries. Consolidated gross margin and gross refining margin were not impacted by special items during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 44 

Additionally, our results continue to be impacted by significant costs to comply with the RFS. Total RFS compliance costs were 128.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 167.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Average industry margins were unfavorable during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to decreased refining margins as a result of unfavorable supply and demand dynamics that impacted crack spreads. 
 Favorable movements in benchmark crude differentials typically result in lower crude costs and positively impact our earnings while reductions in these benchmark crude differentials typically result in higher crude costs and negatively impact our earnings. 
 On the East Coast, the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was approximately 16.22 per barrel, or 54.3 lower, in the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 35.49 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Our margins were positively impacted from our refinery specific slate on the East Coast by strengthened WTI/Bakken differential, which increased by 2.85 per barrel, partially offset by a weakened Dated Brent/Maya differential, which decreased by 1.50 per barrel in comparison to the same period in 2023. The WTI/WCS differential decreased to 15.31 per barrel in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.13 in the same period in 2023, which unfavorably impacted our cost of heavy Canadian crude. 
 Across the Mid-Continent, the WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 industry crack spread was 17.47 per barrel, or 33.1 lower, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 26.12 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Our margins were positively impacted from our refinery specific slate in the Mid-Continent by strengthened WTI/Bakken and WTI/Syncrude differentials, which increased by 2.85 and 1.99 per barrel, respectively, in comparison to the same period in 2023. 
 On the Gulf Coast, the LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was 16.02 per barrel, or 55.7 lower, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 36.19 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Margins on the Gulf Coast were positively impacted from our refinery specific slate by a strengthened WTI/LLS differential, which averaged a premium of 2.10 per barrel for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a premium of 2.38 per barrel in the same period of 2023. 
 On the West Coast the ANS (West Coast) 4-3-1 industry crack spread was 19.27 per barrel, or 61.6 lower, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 50.22 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Additionally, the ANS (West Coast) 3-2-1 industry crack spread was 22.94 per barrel, or 53.1 lower, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 48.88 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Our margins on the West Coast were positively impacted from our refinery specific slate by strengthened WTI/ANS differential, which averaged a premium of 3.67 per barrel for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a premium of 5.41 per barrel in the same period of 2023. 
 Operating expenses Operating expenses totaled 649.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 645.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 4.4 million, or 0.7 . Of the total 649.7 million of operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, 621.4 million, or 7.22 per barrel of throughput, related to expenses incurred by the Refining segment, while the remaining 28.3 million related to expenses incurred by the Logistics segment 615.8 million, or 7.12 per barrel, and 29.5 million of operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to the Refining and Logistics segments, respectively). The increase in operating expenses when compared to the same period in 2023 was mainly attributable to higher maintenance costs and outside service costs across our refineries, partially offset by lower energy costs due to an overall decrease in natural gas prices. 
 45 

General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses totaled 65.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 92.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 27.5 million or 29.6 . The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 in comparison to the three months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to lower employee-related expenses, including incentive compensation. Our general and administrative expenses are comprised of personnel, facilities, and other infrastructure costs necessary to support our refineries and related logistics assets. 
 Loss on formation of SBR equity method investment There was a de minimis loss of 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, associated with a reduction of our gain on formation of the SBR equity method investment. There was no such gain or loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Equity loss (income) in investee There was a loss of 29.4 million and income of 14.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, related to our equity share of our investment in SBR. 
 Loss on sale of assets There was a loss of 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, related primarily to the sale of non-operating refinery assets. There was no such gain or loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense Depreciation and amortization expense totaled 161.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (including 158.5 million recorded within Cost of sales) compared to 143.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 (including 140.1 million recorded within Cost of sales), an increase of 17.9 million. The increase was a result of a general increase in our fixed asset base due to capital projects and turnarounds completed since the third quarter of 2023. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration Change in fair value of contingent consideration represented a loss of 65.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to changes in the estimated fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration. Our final earn-out payment of 18.8 million was paid in full during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Change in fair value of catalyst obligations Change in fair value of catalyst obligations represented a loss of 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This loss related to the change in fair value of the precious metals underlying the sale and leaseback of our refineries precious metal catalysts, which we were obligated to repurchase at fair market value upon lease termination. During September 2023, we settled our remaining outstanding precious metal financing arrangement. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt There was a loss on the extinguishment of debt of 5.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023, related to the redemption of the 2025 Senior Notes and the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Agreement. There was no such loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Interest expense, net Interest expense, net totaled 21.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 22.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 1.3 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense includes interest on long-term debt, letter of credit fees associated with the purchase of certain crude oils and the amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 46 

Income tax (benefit) expense PBF LLC is organized as a limited liability company and PBFX is a partnership, both of which are treated as flow-through entities for federal income tax purposes and therefore are not subject to income tax. However, two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining and our Canadian subsidiary, PBF Energy Limited PBF Ltd. are treated as C-Corporations for income tax purposes and may incur income taxes with respect to their earnings, as applicable. The members of PBF LLC are required to include their proportionate share of PBF LLC s taxable income or loss on their respective tax returns. PBF LLC generally makes distributions to its members, per the terms of PBF LLC s amended and restated limited liability company agreement, related to such taxes, on a pro-rata basis. PBF Energy recognizes an income tax expense or benefit in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements based on PBF Energy s allocable share of PBF LLC s pre-tax income or loss, which was approximately 99.3 , on a weighted-average basis for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. PBF Energy s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not reflect any benefit or provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income or loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest in PBF LLC or PBFX (although, as described above, PBF LLC must make tax distributions to all its members on a pro-rata basis). PBF Energy s effective tax rate, excluding the impact of noncontrolling interest, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 29.2 and 24.5 , respectively. 
 Noncontrolling interest PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and has a controlling interest in, PBF LLC. As the sole managing member of PBF LLC, PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business and affairs of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. PBF Energy consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. With respect to the consolidation of PBF LLC, we record a noncontrolling interest for the economic interest in PBF LLC held by members other than PBF Energy, and with respect to the consolidation of PBF Holding, we record a 20 noncontrolling interest for the ownership interests in two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining held by a third party. The total noncontrolling interest on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations represents the portion of the Company s earnings or loss attributable to the economic interests held by members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy and by the third-party stockholders of certain of Chalmette Refining s subsidiaries. The total noncontrolling interest on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets represents the portion of the Company s net assets attributable to the economic interests held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy and by the third-party stockholders of the two Chalmette Refining subsidiaries. PBF Energy s weighted-average equity noncontrolling interest ownership percentage in PBF LLC for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was approximately 0.7 . The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets attributable to the noncontrolling interest is not equal to the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage due to the effect of income taxes and related agreements that pertain solely to PBF Energy. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Overview PBF Energy net loss was 247.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income of 2,210.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net loss attributable to PBF Energy stockholders was 244.5 million, or (2.09) per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (2.11) per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net loss, or (1.12) per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net loss excluding special items, as described below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures), compared to net income attributable to PBF Energy of 2,188.9 million, or 16.76 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 16.76 per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income, or 11.61 per share on a fully-exchanged, fully-diluted basis based on adjusted fully-converted net income excluding special items, as described below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures). The net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy stockholders represents PBF Energy s equity interest in PBF LLC s pre-tax income (loss), less applicable income tax (benefit) expense. PBF Energy s weighted-average equity interest in PBF LLC was 99.3 for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 47 

Our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by special items consisting of a non-cash, pre-tax LCM inventory adjustment of approximately 154.5 million, or 114.3 million net of tax, and a decrease to our gain on the formation of the SBR equity method investment of 8.7 million, or 6.4 million net of tax, partially offset by our share of the adjustment to the SBR LCM inventory reserve of 4.2 million, or 3.1 million net of tax and a change in fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration of 3.3 million, or 2.4 million net of tax. Our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were positively impacted by special items consisting of a gain on the formation of the SBR equity method investment of 965.7 million, or 714.6 million net of tax and a gain on the sale of a parcel of land at our Torrance refinery of 1.7 million, or 1.3 million net of tax, partially offset by a change in fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration of 32.4 million, or 24.0 million net of tax, a loss on extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes and the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility of 5.7 million or 4.2 million net of tax, and exit costs associated with the early termination of the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement of 13.5 million, or 10.0 million, net of tax. 
 Excluding the impact of these special items, when comparing our results to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we experienced an overall decrease in our refining margins due to unfavorable movements in crack spreads and crude oil differentials and lower barrels sold at the majority of our refineries. In addition, the planned and unplanned maintenance experienced at our West Coast refineries during the fourth quarter of 2023 extended into the first half of 2024. These decreasing metrics combined with the timing of our maintenance activities have negatively impacted our revenues, gross margin, and operating income in comparison to the same period in 2023. During the same period in 2023, despite heavy turnaround activity at our refineries, the stronger cracks resulted in overall higher margins. 
 Revenues Revenues totaled 25.8 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 29.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 3.4 billion, or 11.6 . Revenues per barrel were 93.20 and 103.13 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 9.6 directly related to lower hydrocarbon commodity prices. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the total throughput rates at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 313,200 bpd, 137,400 bpd, 166,900 bpd and 300,700 bpd, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the total throughput rates at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 316,300 bpd, 135,000 bpd, 174,300 bpd and 283,600 bpd, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total barrels sold at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 354,000 bpd, 145,500 bpd, 160,500 bpd and 348,900 bpd, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, total barrels sold at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, Gulf Coast, and West Coast refineries averaged approximately 358,900 bpd, 146,400 bpd, 183,500 bpd and 347,900 bpd, respectively. 
 Overall average throughput rates at our refineries were higher in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to decreased maintenance activity when compared to the same period in 2023. We plan to continue operating our refineries based on demand and current market conditions. Total refined product barrels sold were higher than throughput rates, reflecting sales from inventory as well as sales and purchases of refined products outside our refineries. 
 Consolidated gross margin Consolidated gross margin totaled (63.7) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2,314.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 2,378.3 million. Gross refining margin totaled 2,069.0 million, or 8.23 per barrel of throughput for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4,489.1 million, or 18.09 per barrel of throughput for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 2,420.1 million. Gross refining margin excluding special items totaled 2,223.5 million, or 8.84 per barrel of throughput for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4,489.1 million or 18.09 per barrel of throughput for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 2,265.6 million. 
 48 

Consolidated gross margin and gross refining margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by a non-cash LCM adjustment of approximately 154.5 million resulting from the decrease in crude oil and refined product prices from the year ended 2023 to the end of the third quarter of 2024. Gross refining margin excluding special items decreased due to unfavorable movements in crack spreads and crude oil differentials and lower barrels sold at the majority of our refineries, coupled with the timing of our maintenance activity. Consolidated gross margin and gross refining margin were not impacted by special items during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Additionally, our results continue to be impacted by significant costs to comply with the RFS. Total RFS compliance costs were 374.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 637.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Average industry margins were unfavorable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to decreased refining margins as a result of unfavorable supply and demand dynamics that impacted crack spreads. 
 Favorable movements in benchmark crude differentials typically result in lower crude costs and positively impact our earnings while reductions in these benchmark crude differentials typically result in higher crude costs and negatively impact our earnings. 
 On the East Coast, the Dated Brent (NYH) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was approximately 19.56 per barrel, or 38.7 lower, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 31.89 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Our margins were positively impacted from our refinery specific slate on the East Coast by strengthened WTI/Bakken differential which increased by 3.67 per barrel, partially offset by a weakened Dated Brent/Maya differential, which decreased by 1.64 per barrel, in comparison to the same period in 2023. The WTI/WCS differential decreased to 15.46 per barrel in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.66 in the same period in 2023, which unfavorably impacted our cost of heavy Canadian crude. 
 Across the Mid-Continent, the WTI (Chicago) 4-3-1 industry crack spread was 18.04 per barrel, or 34.8 lower, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 27.67 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Our margins were positively impacted from our refinery specific slate in the Mid-Continent by strengthened WTI/Bakken and WTI/Syncrude differentials, which increased by 3.67 and 3.41 per barrel, respectively, in comparison to the same period in 2023. 
 On the Gulf Coast, the LLS (Gulf Coast) 2-1-1 industry crack spread was 19.60 per barrel, or 39.2 lower, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 32.24 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Margins on the Gulf Coast were negatively impacted from our refinery specific slate by a weakened WTI/LLS differential, which averaged a premium of 2.55 per barrel for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a premium of 2.46 per barrel in the same period of 2023. 
 On the West Coast, the ANS (West Coast) 4-3-1 industry crack spread was 25.19 per barrel, or 38.3 lower, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 40.80 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Additionally, the ANS (West Coast) 3-2-1 industry crack spread was 26.92 per barrel, or 33.6 lower, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 40.53 per barrel in the same period in 2023. Our margins on the West Coast were negatively impacted from our refinery specific slate by a weakened WTI/ANS differential, which averaged a premium of 4.53 per barrel for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a premium of 4.38 per barrel in the same period of 2023. 
 49 

Operating expenses Operating expenses totaled 1,950.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2,023.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 73.3 million, or 3.6 . Of the total 1,950.4 million in operating expenses, 1,858.0 million or 7.39 per barrel of throughput, related to expenses incurred by the Refining segment, while the remaining 92.4 million related to expenses incurred by the Logistics segment 1,936.2 million or 7.80 per barrel of throughput, and 87.5 million of operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the Refining and Logistics segments, respectively). The decrease in operating expenses in comparison to the same period in 2023 was mainly attributable to lower maintenance costs and lower energy costs due to a decrease in natural gas prices, partially offset by higher outside service costs. 
 General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses totaled 193.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 257.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 63.5 million or 24.7 . The decrease in general and administrative expenses in comparison to the same period in 2023 was due to lower employee-related expenses, including incentive compensation. General and administrative expenses are comprised of personnel, facilities, and other infrastructure costs necessary to support our refineries and related logistics assets. 
 Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment There was a loss of 8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, associated with a reduction of our gain on formation of the SBR equity method investment. There was a gain of 965.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, resulting from the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the assets associated with the contributed SBR business. 
 Equity loss (income) in investee There was a loss of 42.6 million and income of 14.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, related to our equity share of our investment in SBR. 
 Loss (gain) on sale of assets There was a net loss of 0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related primarily to the sale of non-operating refinery assets. There was a net gain of 1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to the sale of a parcel of land at our Torrance refinery. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense Depreciation and amortization expense totaled 464.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (including 454.7 million recorded within Cost of sales) compared to 432.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (including 424.2 million recorded within Cost of sales), an increase of approximately 32.3 million. The increase was a result of a general increase in our fixed asset base due to capital projects and turnarounds completed since the third quarter of 2023. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net Change in fair value of contingent consideration represented a gain of 3.3 million and a loss of 32.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. These gains and losses were related to changes in the estimated fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration. Our final earn-out payment of 18.8 million was paid in full during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Change in fair value of catalyst obligations Change in fair value of catalyst obligations represented a gain of 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This gain related to the change in fair value of the precious metals underlying the sale and leaseback of our refineries precious metal catalysts, which we were obligated to repurchase at fair market value upon lease termination. During September 2023, we settled our remaining outstanding precious metal financing arrangement. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt There was a loss on the extinguishment of debt of 5.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, related to the redemption of the 2025 Senior Notes and the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Agreement. There was no such loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 50 

Interest expense, net Interest expense, net totaled 49.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 55.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 6.0 million. The net decrease is mainly attributable to the redemption of the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes during the first quarter of 2023, the redemption of the 2025 Senior Notes in the third quarter of 2023, and the issuance of our 2030 Senior Notes during the third quarter of 2023 at a reduced principal amount. Additionally, the early termination of the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement in 2023 further reduced our interest expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense includes interest on long-term debt, letter of credit fees associated with the purchase of certain crude oils and the amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 Income tax (benefit) expense PBF LLC is organized as a limited liability company and PBFX is a partnership, both of which are treated as flow-through entities for federal income tax purposes and therefore are not subject to income tax. However, two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining and our Canadian subsidiary, PBF Ltd., are treated as C-Corporations for income tax purposes and may incur income taxes with respect to their earnings, as applicable. The members of PBF LLC are required to include their proportionate share of PBF LLC s taxable income or loss on their respective tax returns. PBF LLC generally makes distributions to its members, per the terms of PBF LLC s amended and restated limited liability company agreement, related to such taxes, on a pro-rata basis. PBF Energy recognizes an income tax expense or benefit in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements based on PBF Energy s allocable share of PBF LLC s pre-tax income or loss, which was approximately 99.3 on a weighted-average basis for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. PBF Energy s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not reflect any benefit or provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income or loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest in PBF LLC (although, as described above, PBF LLC must make tax distributions to all its members on a pro-rata basis). PBF Energy s effective tax rate, excluding the impact of noncontrolling interest, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 32.1 and 25.0 , respectively. 
 Noncontrolling interest PBF Energy is the sole managing member of, and has a controlling interest in, PBF LLC. As the sole managing member of PBF LLC, PBF Energy operates and controls all of the business and affairs of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. PBF Energy consolidates the financial results of PBF LLC and its subsidiaries. With respect to the consolidation of PBF LLC, we record a noncontrolling interest for the economic interest in PBF LLC held by members other than PBF Energy, and with respect to the consolidation of PBF Holding, we record a 20 noncontrolling interest for the ownership interests in two subsidiaries of Chalmette Refining held by a third party. The total noncontrolling interest on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations represents the portion of the Company s earnings or loss attributable to the economic interests held by members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy and by the third-party stockholders of certain of Chalmette Refining s subsidiaries. The total noncontrolling interest on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets represents the portion of the Company s net assets attributable to the economic interests held by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy and by the third-party stockholders of the two Chalmette Refining subsidiaries. PBF Energy s weighted-average equity noncontrolling interest ownership percentage in PBF LLC for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was approximately 0.7 . The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets attributable to the noncontrolling interest is not equal to the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage due to the effect of income taxes and related agreements that pertain solely to PBF Energy. 
 51 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Management uses certain financial measures to evaluate our operating performance that are calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with GAAP Non-GAAP ). These measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly entitled measures reported by other companies. 
 Special Items 
 The Non-GAAP measures presented include Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) excluding special items, gross refining margin excluding special items, EBITDA excluding special items and net debt to capitalization ratio excluding special items. Special items for the periods presented relate to LCM inventory adjustments, our share of the SBR LCM inventory adjustment, net changes in fair value of contingent consideration, loss (gain) on the formation of the SBR equity method investment, loss on extinguishment of debt and termination of Inventory Intermediation Agreement, and gain on land sales. See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for more details on all special items disclosed. Although we believe that Non-GAAP financial measures, excluding the impact of special items, provide useful supplemental information to investors regarding the results and performance of our business and allow for helpful period-over-period comparisons, such Non-GAAP measures should only be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) Excluding Special Items 
 PBF Energy utilizes results presented on an Adjusted Fully-Converted basis that reflect an assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock. In addition, we present results on an Adjusted Fully-Converted basis excluding special items as described above. We believe that these Adjusted Fully-Converted measures, when presented in conjunction with comparable GAAP measures, are useful to investors to compare PBF Energy results across different periods and to facilitate an understanding of our operating results. 
 Neither Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) nor Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) excluding special items should be considered an alternative to net income (loss) presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Fully-Converted Net Income (Loss) excluding special items presented by other companies may not be comparable to our presentation, since each company may define these terms differently. The differences between Adjusted Fully-Converted and GAAP results are as follows: 
 1. Assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock. As a result of the assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units, the noncontrolling interest related to these units is converted to controlling interest. Management believes that it is useful to provide the per-share effect associated with the assumed exchange of all PBF LLC Series A Units. 
 2. Income Taxes. Prior to PBF Energy s initial public offering IPO ), PBF Energy was organized as a limited liability company treated as a flow-through entity for income tax purposes, and even after PBF Energy s IPO, not all of its earnings are subject to corporate-level income taxes. Adjustments have been made to the Adjusted Fully-Converted tax provisions and earnings to assume that PBF Energy had adopted its post-IPO corporate tax structure for all periods presented and is taxed as a C-corporation in the U.S. at the prevailing corporate rates. These assumptions are consistent with the assumption in clause 1 above that all PBF LLC Series A Units are exchanged for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock, as the assumed exchange would change the amount of PBF Energy s earnings that are subject to corporate income tax. 
 52 

The following table reconciles PBF Energy s Adjusted Fully-Converted results with its results presented in accordance with GAAP for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions, except share and per share amounts): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders (285.9) 786.4 (244.5) 2,188.9 Less: Income allocated to participating securities Income (loss) available to PBF Energy Inc. stockholders - basic (285.9) 786.4 (244.5) 2,188.9 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest (1) 
 (3.1) 7.6 (3.0) 21.0 Less: Income tax benefit (expense) (2) 
 0.7 (2.0) 0.7 (5.5) Adjusted fully-converted net income (loss) (288.3) 792.0 (246.8) 2,204.4 Special Items: (3) 
 Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment 154.5 154.5 Add: LCM inventory adjustment - SBR 0.3 (4.2) Add: Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net 65.3 (3.3) 32.4 Add: Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment 3.2 8.7 (965.7) Add: Loss on extinguishment of debt and termination of Inventory Intermediation Agreement 19.2 19.2 Add: Gain on land sales (1.7) Add: Recomputed income tax on special items (40.3) (22.7) (40.5) 238.2 Adjusted fully-converted net income (loss) excluding special items (173.8) 857.0 (131.6) 1,526.8 Weighted-average shares outstanding of PBF Energy Inc. 115,084,174 123,793,179 116,974,505 125,938,259 Conversion of PBF LLC Series A Units (4) 
 862,780 910,494 862,780 910,469 Common stock equivalents (5) 
 4,986,702 4,698,300 Fully-converted shares outstanding-diluted 115,946,954 129,690,375 117,837,285 131,547,028 Diluted net income (loss) per share (2.49) 6.11 (2.09) 16.76 Adjusted fully-converted net income (loss) per fully exchanged, fully diluted shares outstanding (5) 
 (2.50) 6.11 (2.11) 16.76 Adjusted fully-converted net income (loss) excluding special items per fully exchanged, fully diluted shares outstanding (3) (5) 
 (1.50) 6.61 (1.12) 11.61 
 
 See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 53 

Gross Refining Margin and Gross Refining Margin Excluding Special Items 
 Gross refining margin is defined as consolidated gross margin excluding refining depreciation, refining operating expenses, and gross margin of the Logistics segment. We believe both gross refining margin and gross refining margin excluding special items are important measures of operating performance and provide useful information to investors because they are helpful metric comparisons to the industry refining margin benchmarks, as the refining margin benchmarks do not include a charge for refining operating expenses and depreciation. In order to assess our operating performance, we compare our gross refining margin (revenues less cost of products and other) to industry refining margin benchmarks and crude oil prices as defined in the table below. 
 Neither gross refining margin nor gross refining margin excluding special items should be considered an alternative to consolidated gross margin, income from operations, net cash flows from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Gross refining margin and gross refining margin excluding special items presented by other companies may not be comparable to our presentation, since each company may define these terms differently. 
 The following table presents our GAAP calculation of gross margin and a reconciliation of gross refining margin to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, consolidated gross margin, on a historical basis, as applicable, for each of the periods indicated (in millions, except per barrel amounts): 
 54 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 per barrel of throughput per barrel of throughput Calculation of consolidated gross margin: Revenues 8,382.3 97.38 10,733.5 124.16 Less: Cost of sales 8,670.5 100.73 9,505.7 109.96 Consolidated gross margin (288.2) (3.35) 1,227.8 14.20 Reconciliation of consolidated gross margin to gross refining margin and gross refining margin excluding special items: Consolidated gross margin (288.2) (3.35) 1,227.8 14.20 Add: Logistics operating expense 32.6 0.39 34.2 0.40 Add: Logistics depreciation expense 8.9 0.10 8.9 0.10 Less: Logistics gross margin (94.6) (1.10) (94.8) (1.10) Add: Refining operating expense 621.4 7.22 615.8 7.12 Add: Refining depreciation expense 149.5 1.74 131.2 1.52 Gross refining margin 429.6 5.00 1,923.1 22.24 Special items: (3) 
 Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment 154.5 1.79 Gross refining margin excluding special items 584.1 6.79 1,923.1 22.24 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 per barrel of throughput per barrel of throughput Calculation of consolidated gross margin: Revenues 25,764.0 102.41 29,186.1 117.59 Less: Cost of sales 25,827.7 102.66 26,871.5 108.26 Consolidated gross margin (63.7) (0.25) 2,314.6 9.33 Reconciliation of consolidated gross margin to gross refining margin and gross refining margin excluding special items: Consolidated gross margin (63.7) (0.25) 2,314.6 9.33 Add: Logistics operating expense 105.4 0.41 101.4 0.41 Add: Logistics depreciation expense 27.1 0.11 27.1 0.11 Less: Logistics gross margin (285.4) (1.13) (287.3) (1.16) Add: Refining operating expense 1,858.0 7.39 1,936.2 7.80 Add: Refining depreciation expense 427.6 1.70 397.1 1.60 Gross refining margin 2,069.0 8.23 4,489.1 18.09 Special items: (3) 
 Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment 154.5 0.61 Gross refining margin excluding special items 2,223.5 8.84 4,489.1 18.09 
 
 See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 55 

EBITDA, EBITDA Excluding Special Items and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Our management uses earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA as measures of operating performance to assist in comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis and to readily view operating trends, as a measure for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations, and in communications with our Board of Directors, creditors, analysts and investors concerning our financial performance. Our outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money and other contractual obligations also include similar measures as a basis for certain covenants under those agreements which may differ from the Adjusted EBITDA definition described below. 
 EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA are not presentations made in accordance with GAAP and our computation of EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA may vary from others in our industry. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA contains some, but not all, adjustments that are taken into account in the calculation of the components of various covenants in the agreements governing our senior notes and other credit facilities. EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as alternatives to income from operations or net income as measures of operating performance. In addition, EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA are not presented as, and should not be considered, an alternative to cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA before adjustments for items such as stock-based compensation expense, change in the fair value of catalyst obligations, LCM inventory adjustment, our share of the SBR LCM inventory adjustment, net change in the fair value of contingent consideration, loss (gain) on the formation of the SBR equity method investment, loss on extinguishment of debt, gain on land sales, and certain other non-cash items. Other companies, including other companies in our industry, may calculate EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include that EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA: 
 do not reflect depreciation expense or our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 do not reflect our interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt; 
 do not reflect realized and unrealized gains and losses from certain hedging activities, which may have a substantial impact on our cash flow; 
 do not reflect certain other non-cash income and expenses; and 
 exclude income taxes that may represent a reduction in available cash. 
 
 56 

The following tables reconcile net income (loss) as reflected in PBF Energy s results of operations to EBITDA, EBITDA excluding special items and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) (289.1) 794.1 (247.6) 2,210.4 Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 161.8 143.9 464.5 432.2 Add: Interest expense, net 21.4 22.7 49.2 55.2 Add: Income tax (benefit) expense (118.1) 254.6 (115.7) 729.0 EBITDA (224.0) 1,215.3 150.4 3,426.8 Special Items (3) 
 Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment 154.5 154.5 Add: LCM inventory adjustment - SBR 0.3 (4.2) Add: Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net 65.3 (3.3) 32.4 Add: Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment 3.2 8.7 (965.7) Add: Loss on extinguishment of debt 5.7 5.7 Add: Gain on land sales (1.7) EBITDA excluding special items (69.2) 1,289.5 306.1 2,497.5 Reconciliation of EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA: EBITDA (224.0) 1,215.3 150.4 3,426.8 Add: Stock-based compensation 9.1 8.8 30.1 27.7 Add: Change in fair value of catalyst obligations 0.1 (1.1) Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment (3) 
 154.5 154.5 Add: LCM inventory adjustment - SBR (3) 
 0.3 (4.2) Add: Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net (3) 
 65.3 (3.3) 32.4 Add: Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment (3) 
 3.2 8.7 (965.7) Add: Loss on extinguishment of debt (3) 
 5.7 5.7 Add: Gain on land sales (3) 
 (1.7) Adjusted EBITDA (60.1) 1,298.4 336.2 2,524.1 
 
 See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 57 

Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio and Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio Excluding Special Items 
 The total debt to capitalization ratio is calculated by dividing total debt by the sum of total debt and total equity. This ratio is a measurement that management believes is useful to investors in analyzing our leverage. Net debt and the net debt to capitalization ratio are Non-GAAP measures. Net debt is calculated by subtracting cash and cash equivalents from total debt. Total capitalization is calculated by adding total debt and total equity. We believe these measurements are also useful to investors since we have the ability to and may decide to use a portion of our cash and cash equivalents to retire or pay down our debt. Additionally, we have also presented the total debt to capitalization and net debt to capitalization ratios excluding the cumulative effects of special items on equity. 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents 976.7 1,783.5 Inventories 2,605.7 3,183.1 Total assets 13,130.7 14,387.8 Total debt 1,254.4 1,245.9 Net debt 277.7 (537.6) Total equity 6,019.6 6,631.3 Total equity excluding special items (6) 
 5,060.9 5,557.4 Total capitalization 7,274.0 7,877.2 Total debt to capitalization ratio 17 16 Total debt to capitalization ratio, excluding special items (6) 
 20 18 Net debt to capitalization ratio 4 (9) Net debt to capitalization ratio, excluding special items (6) 
 5 (11) Negative ratio exists as of December 31, 2023 as cash is in excess of debt. 
 See Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 58 

Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following notes are applicable to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures above: 
 (1) Represents the elimination of the noncontrolling interest associated with the ownership by the members of PBF LLC other than PBF Energy, as if such members had fully exchanged their PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock. 
 (2) Represents an adjustment to reflect PBF Energy s estimated annualized statutory corporate tax rate of approximately 26.0 for both the 2024 and 2023 periods, applied to net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest for all periods presented. The adjustment assumes the full exchange of existing PBF LLC Series A Units as described in (1) above. 
 (3) Special items: 
 LCM inventory adjustment - LCM is a GAAP requirement related to inventory valuation that mandates inventory to be stated at the lower of cost or market. Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the last-in, first-out LIFO inventory valuation methodology, in which the most recently incurred costs are charged to cost of sales and inventories are valued at base layer acquisition costs. Market price is determined based on an assessment of the current estimated replacement cost and net realizable selling price of the inventory. In periods where the market price of our inventory declines substantially, cost values of inventory may exceed market values. In such instances, we record an adjustment to write down the value of inventory to market value in accordance with GAAP. In subsequent periods, the value of inventory is reassessed and an LCM inventory adjustment is recorded to reflect the net change in the LCM inventory reserve between the prior period and the current period. The net impact of these LCM inventory adjustments is included in the Refining segment s income from operations, but are excluded from the operating results presented, as applicable, in order to make such information comparable between periods. 
 PBF Energy LCM inventory adjustment - During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an adjustment to value our inventories to the LCM which decreased income from operations and net income by 154.5 million and 114.3 million, respectively, reflecting an increase in the LCM inventory reserve of 154.5 million. There were no such adjustments in any other periods presented. 
 SBR LCM inventory adjustment - During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, SBR recorded adjustments to value its inventory to the LCM which decreased its income from operations by 0.6 million and increased its income from operations by 8.5 million, respectively. Our Equity loss in investee includes our 50 share of these adjustments. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these LCM adjustments decreased our income from operations by 0.3 million and increased our income from operations by 4.2 million, respectively 0.2 million and 3.1 million, respectively, net of tax). There were no such adjustments in any other periods presented. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net - During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net change in fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration which increased income from operations by 3.3 million, or 2.4 million, net of tax. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a change in fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration, which decreased income from operations by 65.3 million and 32.4 million, respectively 48.3 million and 24.0 million, respectively, net of tax). There was no such change in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 59 

Loss (gain) on formation of SBR equity method investment - During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a reduction of our gain associated with the formation of the SBR equity method investment, which decreased income from operations and net income by 8.7 million and 6.4 million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a reduction of our gain associated with the formation of the SBR equity method investment, which decreased income from operations and net income by 3.2 million and 2.4 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a net gain resulting from the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the assets associated with the contributed SBR business, which increased income from operations and net income by 965.7 million and 714.6 million, respectively. There was no such (gain) loss during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt and termination of Inventory Intermediation Agreement - During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes and the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility, which decreased income before income taxes and net income by 5.7 million and 4.2 million, respectively. There were no such losses in any other periods presented. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, in conjunction with the early termination of the Third Inventory Intermediation Agreement, we incurred certain one-time exit costs, which decreased income before income taxes and net income by 13.5 million and 10.0 million, respectively. These costs were included within Interest expense, net, in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no such costs in any other periods presented. 
 Gain on land sales - During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a gain on the sale of a separate parcel of real property acquired as part of the Torrance refinery, but not part of the refinery itself, which increased income from operations and net income by 1.7 million and 1.3 million, respectively. There were no such gains in any other periods presented. 
 Recomputed income tax on special items - The income tax impact on these special items is calculated using the tax rates shown in (2) above. 
 (4) Represents an adjustment to weighted-average diluted shares outstanding to assume the full exchange of existing PBF LLC Series A Units as described in (1) above. 
 (5) Represents weighted-average diluted shares outstanding assuming the conversion of all common stock equivalents, including options and warrants for PBF LLC Series A Units and performance share units and options for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock as calculated under the treasury stock method (to the extent the impact of such exchange would not be anti-dilutive) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Common stock equivalents exclude the effects of performance share units and options and warrants to purchase 4,693,222 and 4,630,480 shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock and PBF LLC Series A Units because they are anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Common stock equivalents exclude the effects of performance share units and options and warrants to purchase 2,000 and 28,809 shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock and PBF LLC Series A Units because they are anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. For periods showing a net loss, all common stock equivalents and unvested restricted stock are considered anti-dilutive. 
 60 

(6) Total Equity excluding special items is calculated in the table below: 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Total equity 6,019.6 6,631.3 Special Items (Note 3) Add: Non-cash LCM inventory adjustment 154.5 Add: LCM inventory adjustment - SBR 34.5 38.7 Add: Change in fair value of contingent consideration, net (62.1) (58.8) Add: Gain on formation of SBR equity method investment (916.4) (925.1) Add: Cumulative historical equity adjustments (a) 
 (493.9) (493.9) Less: Recomputed income tax on special items 324.7 365.2 Net impact of special items (958.7) (1,073.9) Total equity excluding special items 5,060.9 5,557.4 
 
 (a) Refer to the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K Notes to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) for a listing of special items included in cumulative historical equity adjustments prior to 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents and borrowing availability under our credit facility, as described below. We believe that our cash flows from operations and available capital resources will be sufficient to meet our and our subsidiaries capital expenditures, working capital needs, dividend payments, debt service requirements, share repurchases under our share repurchase program, as well as PBF Energy s obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, for the next twelve months. However, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations depends, in part, on petroleum oil market pricing and general economic, political, and other factors beyond our control. As of September 30, 2024, we are in compliance with all covenants, including financial covenants, in all our debt agreements. 
 61 

Cash Flow Analysis 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 373.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 1,032.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include depreciation and amortization of 476.1 million, a net non-cash charge of 154.5 million relating to an LCM inventory adjustment, loss from equity method investment of 42.6 million, pension and other post-retirement benefits costs of 38.9 million, stock-based compensation of 30.1 million, a loss on formation of the SBR equity method investment of 8.7 million, and a loss on sale of assets of 0.7 million, partially offset by our net loss of 247.6 million, deferred income taxes of 116.6 million, and net change in the fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration of 3.3 million. In addition, net changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected uses of cash of 11.0 million primarily driven by the timing of payments for accrued expenses. Our operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included our net income of 2,210.4 million, depreciation and amortization of 448.3 million, deferred income taxes of 416.3 million, pension and other post-retirement benefits costs of 35.9 million, net change in fair value of the Martinez Contingent Consideration of 32.4 million, stock-based compensation of 27.7 million, net non-cash charges related to changes in fair value of our inventory repurchase obligations of 25.1 million, and loss on extinguishment of debt primarily related to the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes and the amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility of 5.7 million, partially offset by a gain on formation of the SBR equity method investment of 965.7 million, income from equity method investment of 14.6 million, gain on sale of assets of 1.3 million, and a change in the fair value of our catalyst obligations of 1.1 million. In addition, net changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected uses of cash of 1,186.5 million, driven by the timing of inventory purchases, payments for accrued expenses and collections of accounts receivable. The change in accrued expenses was due primarily to a decrease in renewable energy credit and emissions obligations, as a result of a decrease in our unfunded RINs obligation. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 805.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash used in investing activities of 105.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was comprised of cash outflows of expenditures for refinery turnarounds of 447.7 million, capital expenditures totaling 294.9 million, contributions to our equity method investee of 35.0 million, and expenditures for other assets of 28.3 million, partially offset by a return of capital from our equity method investee of 0.9 million. The net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was comprised of cash outflows of capital expenditures totaling 577.9 million, expenditures for refinery turnarounds of 322.9 million, expenditures for other assets of 39.5 million, and contributions to our equity method investee of 15.4 million, partially offset by return of capital from our equity method investee of 845.5 million and proceeds from the sale of assets of 4.4 million. 
 62 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 374.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash used in financing activities of 1,237.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities consisted of share repurchases of PBF Energy s Class A Common stock of 300.1 million, dividends and distributions of 89.0 million, payments on finance leases of 9.1 million, and deferred financing costs and other of 0.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from insurance premium financing of 17.7 million and transactions made in connection with stock-based compensation plans of 5.7 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities consisted of the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes of 666.2 million, redemption of the PBFX 2023 Senior Notes of 525.0 million, share repurchases of PBF Energy s Class A Common stock of 382.6 million, dividends and distributions of 80.5 million, payments related to the Martinez Contingent Consideration of 80.1 million, deferred financing costs and other of 35.8 million, payments on finance leases of 11.1 million, and settlement of the final precious metal catalyst obligation of 3.1 million, partially offset by cash proceeds of 496.6 million from the issuance of the 2030 Senior Notes, net of discount, transactions made in connection with stock-based compensation plans of 41.2 million, and proceeds from insurance premium financing of 8.7 million. 
 Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2024, our operational liquidity was more than 3.4 billion (more than 4.6 billion as of December 31, 2023), which consists of 927.0 million of cash, and approximately 2.5 billion of borrowing availability under our Revolving Credit Facility, which includes our cash on hand. 
 As of September 30, 2024, outstanding letters of credit totaled approximately 62.5 million. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including secured indebtedness, subject to the satisfaction of any debt incurrence and, if applicable, lien incurrence limitation covenants in our existing financing agreements. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Our Repurchase Program currently allows for repurchases up to 1.75 billion and has a program expiration date of December 2025. To date, we have purchased approximately 23,113,897 shares of PBF Energy's Class A common stock under the Repurchase Program for 989.0 million, inclusive of commissions paid, through open market transactions. We may make additional share repurchases in the future, but we are not obligated to purchase any shares under the Repurchase Program, and repurchases could be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 Working Capital 
 Our working capital at September 30, 2024 was 1,283.8 million, consisting of 5,109.3 million in total current assets and 3,825.5 million in total current liabilities. Our working capital at December 31, 2023 was 2,379.3 million, consisting of 6,596.6 million in total current assets and 4,217.3 million in total current liabilities. 
 Capital Spending 
 Capital spending was 770.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and was primarily comprised of annual maintenance and turnaround costs at our East Coast, Mid-Continent, and West Coast refineries. Capital spending also included costs associated with safety related enhancements and facility improvements at our refineries and logistics assets. We currently expect to spend an aggregate of approximately 850.0 million during full-year 2024 for facility improvements and refinery maintenance and turnarounds, as well as expenditures to meet environmental, regulatory and safety requirements. 
 63 

Crude and Feedstock Supply Agreements 
 We currently purchase all of our crude and feedstock needs from various suppliers, primarily through short-term and spot market agreements. We also have a crude supply agreement with Saudi Aramco, the term of which is currently year to year, for up to approximately 100,000 bpd that is processed at the Paulsboro refinery and crude supply agreements with Shell Trading (US) Company (primarily serving our Martinez refinery) for up to approximately 65,000 bpd, through 2026. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Obligation 
 PBF Energy has recognized, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a liability for the Tax Receivable Agreement of 291.8 million and 336.6 million, respectively, reflecting the estimated undiscounted amounts that PBF Energy expects to pay under the agreement, net of any deferred tax asset valuation allowance recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes . As of September 30, 2024, 121.8 million of the Tax Receivable Agreement obligation is recorded as a current liability and represents PBF Energy s best estimate of payments to be made within a year. As of December 31, 2023, 43.0 million of the Tax Receivable Agreement obligation was recorded as a current liability and represented the amount paid in January 2024 related to the 2022 tax year. As future taxable income is recorded, increases in PBF Energy s Tax Receivable Agreement liability may be necessary in conjunction with the revaluation of deferred tax assets. If PBF Energy does not have taxable income, PBF Energy generally is not required (absent a change of control or circumstances requiring an early termination payment) to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for that taxable year because no benefit will have been actually realized. However, any tax benefits that do not result in realized benefits in a given tax year will likely generate tax attributes that may be utilized to generate benefits in previous or future tax years. The utilization of such tax attributes will result in payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 These payment obligations, if any, are obligations of PBF Energy and not of PBF LLC or any of its subsidiaries. However, because PBF Energy is a holding company with no operations of its own, PBF Energy s ability to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement is dependent upon a number of factors, including its subsidiaries ability to make distributions for the benefit of PBF LLC s members, including PBF Energy, its ability, if necessary, to finance its obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and existing indebtedness which may limit PBF Energy s subsidiaries ability to make distributions. 
 The foregoing are merely estimates - the actual payments could differ materially. It is possible that future transactions or events could increase or decrease the actual tax benefits realized and the corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 PBF Energy 
 On October 31, 2024, PBF Energy announced a dividend of 0.275 per share on outstanding PBF Energy Class A common stock. The dividend is payable on November 27, 2024 to PBF Energy Class A common stockholders of record at the close of business on November 13, 2024. PBF LLC intends to make pro-rata distributions of approximately 32.0 million, or 0.275 per unit to its members, including PBF Energy, which in turn intends to use this distribution to fund the dividend payments to the shareholders of PBF Energy. 
 PBF Energy currently intends to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends on its Class A common stock. However, the declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock will be at the sole discretion of PBF Energy s Board of Directors, and we are not obligated under any applicable laws, our governing documents or any contractual agreements with our existing owners or otherwise to declare or pay any dividends or other distributions (other than the obligations of PBF LLC to make tax distributions to its members). 
 64 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks, including changes in commodity prices and interest rates. Our primary commodity price risk is associated with the difference between the prices we sell our refined products and the prices we pay for crude oil and other feedstocks. We may use derivative instruments to manage the risks from changes in the prices of crude oil and refined products, natural gas, interest rates, or to capture market opportunities. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our earnings, cash flow and liquidity are significantly affected by a variety of factors beyond our control, including the supply of, and demand for, crude oil, other feedstocks, refined products, and natural gas. The supply of and demand for these commodities depend on, among other factors, changes in domestic and foreign economies, weather conditions, domestic and foreign political affairs, planned and unplanned downtime in refineries, pipelines and production facilities, production levels, the availability of imports, the marketing of competitive and alternative fuels, and the extent of government regulation. As a result, the prices of these commodities can be volatile. Our revenues fluctuate significantly with movements in industry refined product prices, our cost of sales fluctuates significantly with movements in crude oil and feedstock prices and our operating expenses fluctuate with movements in the price of natural gas. We manage our exposure to these commodity price risks through our supply and offtake agreements as well as through the use of various commodity derivative instruments. 
 We may use non-trading derivative instruments to manage exposure to commodity price risks associated with the purchase or sale of crude oil and feedstocks, finished products and natural gas outside of our supply and offtake agreements. The derivative instruments we use include physical commodity contracts and exchange-traded and over-the-counter financial instruments. We mark-to-market our commodity derivative instruments and recognize the changes in their fair value in our statements of operations. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had gross open commodity derivative contracts representing 45.3 million barrels and 29.1 million barrels, respectively, with an unrealized net loss of 3.2 million and net gain of 33.2 million, respectively. The open commodity derivative contracts as of September 30, 2024 expire at various times during 2024 and 2025. 
 We carry inventories of crude oil, intermediates, and refined products hydrocarbon inventories on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, the values of which are subject to fluctuations in market prices. Our hydrocarbon inventories totaled approximately 30.7 million barrels and 36.2 million barrels at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The average cost of our hydrocarbon inventories was approximately 84.62 and 83.64 per barrel on a LIFO basis at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The average cost of our hydrocarbon inventories at September 30, 2024 excludes the net impact of an LCM inventory adjustment of approximately 154.5 million, whereas at December 31, 2023, the replacement value of inventory exceeded the LIFO carrying value. If market prices of our inventory decline to a level below our average cost, we may be required to write down the carrying value of our hydrocarbon inventories to market. 
 Our predominant variable operating cost is energy, which is comprised primarily of natural gas and electricity. We are therefore sensitive to movements in natural gas prices. Assuming normal operating conditions, we expect our annual consumption to range from 70 million to 90 million MMBTUs of natural gas amongst our six refineries. Accordingly, a 1.00 per MMBTU change in natural gas prices would increase or decrease our natural gas costs by approximately 70.0 million to 90.0 million. 
 65 

Compliance Program Price Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks related to our obligations to buy, and the volatility in the price of, credits needed to comply with various governmental and regulatory compliance programs, which include RINs, required to comply with the RFS. Our overall RINs obligation is based on a percentage of our domestic shipments of on-road fuels as established by Environmental Protection Agency. To the degree we are unable to blend the required amount of biofuels to satisfy our RINs obligation, we must purchase RINs on the open market. To mitigate the impact of the market risk relating to our obligations on our results of operations and cash flows, we may elect to purchase RINs or other environmental credits as part of our liability management strategy. We also have the ability to purchase RINs directly from SBR. 
 In addition, we are exposed to risks associated with complying with federal and state legislative and regulatory measures to address GHG and other emissions. Requirements to reduce emissions could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities as well as implement and manage new emission controls and programs put in place. Compliance with such emission standards may require the purchase of emission credits or similar instruments. 
 Certain of these compliance contracts or instruments qualify as derivative instruments. For certain of these contracts, we elect the normal purchase normal sale exception under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, for such instruments, and therefore do not record these contracts at their fair value. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The maximum commitment under our Revolving Credit Facility is 3.5 billion. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest either at the Alternative Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin or at the Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin, all as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement. At September 30, 2024, we had no outstanding balance in variable interest debt. If this facility were fully drawn, a 1.0 change in the interest rate would increase or decrease our interest expense by approximately 23.6 million annually. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are subject to risk of losses resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our counterparties. We continue to closely monitor the creditworthiness of customers to whom we grant credit and establish credit limits in accordance with our credit policy. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We conducted evaluations, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Based upon these evaluations, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 66 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, we assumed certain pre-existing environmental liabilities related to certain environmental remediation obligations to address existing soil and groundwater contamination and monitoring activities, which reflect the estimated cost of the remediation obligations. In addition, in connection with the acquisition of the Torrance refinery and related logistics assets, we purchased a ten-year, 100.0 million environmental insurance policy to insure against unknown environmental liabilities. 
 We currently have multiple outstanding notices of violation NOVs issued by regulatory authorities for various alleged regulation and permit violations at our refineries. It is not possible to predict the outcome of any of these NOVs or the amount of the penalties that will be assessed in connection with any NOV. If any one or more of them were decided against us, we believe that there would be no material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state, or local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment, if a governmental authority is a party to such proceeding and such proceeding involves potential monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, that exceeds a specified threshold. We use a threshold of 1 million for such determination because we believe that such threshold is reasonably designed to result in disclosure of any such proceeding that is material to the business or financial condition. 
 On November 24, 2022, the Martinez refinery, owned and operated by Martinez Refinery Company LLC MRC ), experienced a spent catalyst release that is currently being investigated by the Bay Area Air Quality Management District BAAQMD ), Contra Costa County CCC ), the Department of Justice and the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), and the California Department of Fish and Game DFG ). To date, the BAAQMD has issued 35 NOVs, the CCC has issued two NOVs, and the DFG has made findings relating to the spent catalyst incident. On July 11, 2023 and October 6, 2023, the Martinez refinery experienced unintentional releases of petroleum coke dust and received inquiries or notices of investigation from the BAAQMD, the California Department of Industrial Relations, Division of Occupational Safety and Health CalOSHA ), the CCC, and the EPA. The BAAQMD also issued an NOV relating to the July 11, 2023 coke dust incident and an NOV relating to the October 6, 2023 coke dust incident. On December 15, 2023, the Martinez refinery experienced an unexpected flaring incident, and subsequently on December 18, 2023 a brush fire incident, and has received inquiries or notices of investigation from the BAAQMD, CalOSHA, and the CCC. The BAAQMD additionally issued an NOV relating to the December 15, 2023 flaring incident and four NOVs relating to the December 18, 2023 brush fire incident. The DFG, the CCC, and the BAAQMD have referred their findings and/or NOVs to the CCC District Attorney for the spent catalyst incident and various other incidents. On November 16, 2023, the CCC District Attorney and the BAAQMD announced a joint civil enforcement action against MRC that will include enforcement of the BAAQMD s, the CCC s, and the DFG s claims from the spent catalyst incident, as well as additional enforcement claims from various incidents. For the spent catalyst, coke dust, flaring, brush fire, and other incidents, no penalties have been assessed to date by the various agencies. We presently believe the outcomes will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 67 

On September 27, 2023, MRC received from the San Francisco Bay Regional Water Quality Control Board RWQCB an Administrative Civil Liability ACL assessment in the amount of 13.8 million for allegedly: (1) exceeding its effluent limitations and discharging to the Carquinez Strait without authorization in October 2022, January 2023, and June 2023; and (2) failing to submit Climate Change Adaptation information. On January 12, 2024, MRC met with the RWQCB to discuss its response to their ACL assessment. Based on the discussions and the information provided by MRC, the RWQCB proposed reducing the ACL assessment to approximately 4.5 million and noted that for any settlement 50 of the penalty could be in the form of Enhanced Compliance Actions ECAs ), Supplemental Environmental Projects SEPs ), or a combination of the two. On January 19, 2024, MRC agreed to accept the reduced ACL, with 50 of the approximately 4.5 million dedicated to ECAs or SEPs. MRC subsequently agreed to fund only SEPs relating to marsh restoration, regional water quality monitoring, and water quality classroom education in the Martinez, California area. The parties are finalizing the settlement agreement and stipulation for entry of the administrative civil liability order. Once it is finalized, it will be subject to a 30-day comment period before approval by the RWQCB s Executive Officer. 
 On February 17, 2017, in Arnold Goldstein, et al. v. Exxon Mobil Corporation, et al. , we and PBF LLC, and our subsidiaries, PBF Energy Western Region LLC PBF Western Region and Torrance Refining Company LLC and the manager of our Torrance refinery along with ExxonMobil were named as defendants in a class action and representative action complaint. The complaint was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles and alleges negligence, strict liability, ultra-hazardous activity, a continuing private nuisance, a permanent private nuisance, a continuing public nuisance, a permanent public nuisance and trespass resulting from the February 18, 2015 electrostatic precipitator ESP explosion at the Torrance refinery which was then owned and operated by ExxonMobil. The operation of the Torrance refinery by the PBF entities subsequent to our acquisition in July 2016 is also referenced in the complaint. To the extent that plaintiffs claims relate to the ESP explosion, ExxonMobil retained responsibility for any liabilities that would arise from the lawsuit pursuant to the agreement relating to the acquisition of the Torrance refinery. On July 2, 2018, the Court granted leave to plaintiffs to file a Second Amended Complaint alleging groundwater contamination. With the filing of the Second Amended Complaint, plaintiffs added an additional plaintiff, Hany Youssef. On October 15, 2019, the judge granted certification to two limited classes of property owners with Youssef as the sole class representative and named plaintiff, rejecting two other proposed subclasses based on negligence and on strict liability for ultrahazardous activities. The certified subclasses relate to trespass claims for ground contamination and nuisance for air emissions. On May 5, 2021, the Court granted plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint for the third time to substitute Navarro for Youssef. On July 5, 2022, the Court issued a final order ruling that plaintiffs Motion to Substitute Navarro as Class Representative was denied and decertifying both of plaintiffs proposed Air and Ground Subclasses. The order provided that the case will proceed with Navarro as the sole plaintiff. On September 22, 2022, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed. On February 27, 2023, the Court issued an order granting our motion for judgment on the pleadings and dismissed plaintiff s trespass claim with prejudice and granted plaintiff leave to amend his nuisance claims in conformity with the order if he can do so consistent with Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedures. On March 27, 2023, plaintiff filed a Fourth Amended Complaint relating to the remaining nuisance claims. On May 23, 2023, the Court denied our motion to dismiss on the pleadings for plaintiff s failure to establish standing to bring the nuisance claims. After completing further discovery, on August 28, 2023, we filed a Motion for Summary Judgment. On October 18, 2023, the Court issued an order granting our motion, adjudged that plaintiff take nothing, and that the action be dismissed with prejudice. The order also allows us to recover the costs of suit pursuant to a bill of costs. On October 30, 2023, plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit regarding the Court s order granting summary judgment. The Court has granted plaintiff extensions of approximately 90 days to file their opening brief, which they filed on May 27, 2024. After being granted a similar 90-day extension, we filed our answering brief on September 25, 2024. Plaintiff s reply brief is due January 24, 2025. We presently believe the outcome of this litigation will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 68 

On August 16, 2023, in Joseph Piscitelli and Lara Zanzucchi v. Martinez Refining Company LLC , our subsidiary MRC was named as a defendant in a class action and representative action complaint which contains allegations of public and private nuisance, trespass, and negligence arising from MRC s operations. MRC filed its answer to the complaint on October 31, 2023. The initial Court hearing to discuss discovery issues was held on January 2, 2024. At the hearing, the Court raised the issue of mediation and directed the parties to meet and confer and agree to stipulate to a mediation deadline. On January 9, 2024, the parties filed a stipulation agreeing to consider private mediation by September 20, 2024. On January 17, 2024, the Court issued a scheduling order setting the class certification hearing for April 10, 2025. On April 4, 2024, the Court granted plaintiffs motion for leave to file a First Amendment Complaint (the Piscitelli FAC to add plaintiff Malan and dismiss plaintiff Zanzucchi, which plaintiffs filed on April 10, 2024. On the same day, the Court granted plaintiffs motion. MRC filed its answer to the Piscitelli FAC on April 23, 2024. On May 3, 2024, the Court denied MRC s motion to relate this case and the Cruz case (discussed below). On June 17, 2024, the Court granted plaintiffs motion to dismiss plaintiff Piscitelli. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. The class certification hearing is currently scheduled for April 10, 2025. We presently believe the outcome will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 On December 15, 2023, in Alena Cruz and Shannon Payne vs. PBF Energy Inc., et. al , we and our subsidiaries PBF Western Region and MRC were named as defendants in a class action and representative action complaint filed by Alena Cruz and Shannon Payne, and on behalf of all others similarly situated. The complaint contains allegations of Clean Air Act CAA violations, claims for medical and environmental monitoring, liability for ultrahazardous activities, negligence, and public and private nuisance from MRC s operations. The proposed class is all individuals who reside and/or work in the City of Martinez, including the surrounding communities of Alhambra Valley and Franklin Canyon, as well as El Sobrante, Hercules, Benicia, and Richmond, who have allegedly been exposed to elevated levels of spent catalyst discharged from MRC s operations during the period November 24, 2022 to the present. On December 21, 2023, plaintiffs granted an extension until February 5, 2024 for MRC to respond to the initial complaint. On February 5, 2024, MRC filed a motion to dismiss on the pleadings. In response, on February 16, 2024, plaintiffs filed a First Amendment Complaint (the Cruz FAC ). On February 29, 2024, MRC filed a motion to dismiss the Cruz FAC on the pleadings. Plaintiffs opposition was filed on March 14, 2024. MRC filed its reply to plaintiffs opposition on March 21, 2024. At the motion hearing on April 4, 2024, the Court granted MRC s request to dismiss all wrongly named PBF entities and plaintiffs CAA and Medical Monitoring causes of action. At the following Status Conference on April 4, 2024, the Court agreed that the Cruz and Piscitelli cases should now be related. The Court ordered the Cruz and Piscitelli plaintiffs to meet and confer on a joint discovery schedule and report back to the Court by the end of April 2024. On May 3, 2024, the Piscitelli Court denied MRC s motion to relate this case and the Piscitelli case (discussed above). On May 17, 2024, MRC filed its answer to the Cruz FAC. On June 5, 2024, the Court stayed the case, pending the outcome of the class property damage claim in the Piscitelli case. We presently believe the outcome will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 On July 31, 2024, in Jennifer Frye, et al. v. Martinez Refining Company LLC , MRC was named as a defendant in a complaint filed by 18 individuals which contains allegations of negligence, public and private nuisance, premise liability, trespass, and strict liability ultrahazardous activities. On October 7, 2024, MRC filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. Also on October 7, 2024, plaintiffs filed a motion to relate the Frye case to the Piscitelli and Cruz cases. The Piscitelli Court subsequently denied the motion to relate the three cases. The motion to relate Frye to the Cruz case is currently pending with the Cruz Court. Currently, Plaintiffs opposition brief to MRC s motion to dismiss is due November 11, 2024, MRC s reply brief is due November 22, 2024, and the motion hearing is currently scheduled for December 20, 2024. 
 69 

On December 21, 2023, EPA Region 5 issued a Finding of Violation FOV alleging violations of the CAA, 42 U.S.C. 7411, 7412, and regulations promulgated under those sections, of the National Emission Standard for Benzene Waste Operations at 40 C.F.R. Part 61, Subpart FF, of the New Source Performance Standards for Volatile Organic Compounds from Petroleum Wastewater Systems at 40 C.F.R. Part 60, Subpart QQQ, and of our CAA Title V operating permit for the Wastewater Treatment Unit at our Toledo refinery. This FOV followed an EPA compliance inspection at the Toledo refinery conducted in September 2023. We have recently been engaged in discussions with EPA to resolve these matters, but we cannot currently estimate the timing of the resolution or the amount of any potential civil penalties. We presently believe the outcome will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 The federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), also known as Superfund, imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the current or former owner or operator of the disposal site or sites where the release occurred and companies that disposed of or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances. Under CERCLA, such persons may be subject to joint and several liability for investigation and the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. As discussed more fully above, certain of our sites are subject to these laws and we may be held liable for investigation and remediation costs or claims for natural resource damages. It is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. Analogous state laws impose similar responsibilities and liabilities on responsible parties. In our current normal operations, we have generated waste, some of which falls within the statutory definition of a hazardous substance and some of which may have been disposed of at sites that may require cleanup under Superfund. 
 As the ultimate outcomes of the pending matters discussed above are uncertain, we cannot currently estimate the final amount or timing of their resolution, but any such amount is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, individually or in the aggregate. 
 70 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Exchange of PBF LLC Series A Units to PBF Energy Class A Common Stock 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no exchanges of PBF LLC Series A Units for shares of PBF Energy Class A common stock in transactions exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The following table summarizes PBF Energy s Class A common stock share repurchase activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plan (in millions) (3) July 1-31, 2024 836.0 August 1-31, 2024 2,041,120 36.74 2,041,120 761.0 September 1-30, 2024 761.0 Total 2,041,120 36.74 2,041,120 761.0 
 (1) The shares purchased include only those shares that have settled as of the period end date. 
 (2) Average price per share excludes transaction commissions. 
 (3) On December 12, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of PBF Energy s Class A common stock. As further approved on February 13, 2024, the Repurchase Program currently allows for repurchases of up to 1.75 billion and has a program expiration date of December 2025. These repurchases may be made from time to time through various methods, including open market transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, certain of which have been effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and number of shares repurchased depended on a variety of factors, including price, capital availability, legal requirements, and economic and market conditions. We were not obligated to purchase any shares under the Repurchase Program, and repurchases could be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 
 71 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of PBF Energy securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement". 
 72 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 31.1 
 Certification of Matthew C. Lucey, Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Karen B. Davis, Chief Financial Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 (1) 
 Certification of Matthew C. Lucey, Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 (1) 
 Certification of Karen B. Davis, Chief Financial Officer of PBF Energy Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 (1) This exhibit should not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 73 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PBF Energy Inc. Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Karen B. Davis Karen B. Davis Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

74 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q324exhibit311-energy.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew C. Lucey, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PBF Energy Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 s Matthew C. Lucey Matthew C. Lucey 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q324exhibit312-energy.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Karen B. Davis, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PBF Energy Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 s Karen B. Davis Karen B. Davis 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q324exhibit321-energy.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PBF Energy Inc. PBF Energy on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew C. Lucey, President and Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PBF Energy. 
 
 s Matthew C. Lucey Matthew C. Lucey President and Chief Executive Officer October 31, 2024 
 
 A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to PBF Energy Inc. and will be retained by PBF Energy Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 q324exhibit322-energy.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of PBF Energy Inc. PBF Energy on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Karen B. Davis, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PBF Energy, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PBF Energy. 
 s Karen B. Davis Karen B. Davis Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer October 31, 2024 
 
 A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to PBF Energy Inc. and will be retained by PBF Energy Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pbf-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pbf-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pbf-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pbf-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pbf-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

