<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_6769_0002040266-24-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7308567</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103110</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1107412</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2911984</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1525934</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1502622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0002040266-24-000004.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107165747
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0002040266-24-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APACHE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006769
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				410747868
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04300
		FILM NUMBER:		241436834

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 W SAM HOUSTON PKWY S
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132966000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 W SAM HOUSTON PKWY S
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APACHE OIL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0002040266-24-000004.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 apa-20240930.htm
 10-Q

apa-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports required to be filed by certain companies under Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2024 (100 owned by APA Corporation) 
 
 OMISSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION 
 The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Item Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 1 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 2 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 3 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 4 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 5 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 7 
 2. MANAGEMENT'S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 25 
 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 34 
 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 34 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 35 
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 35 
 6. EXHIBITS 
 36 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISKS 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All statements other than statements of historical facts included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Company s future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the Company s examination of historical operating trends, the information that was used to prepare its estimate of proved reserves as of December 31, 2023, and other data in the Company s possession or available from third parties. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, could, expect, intend, project, estimate, anticipate, plan, believe, continue, seek, guidance, goal, might, outlook, possibly, potential, prospect, should, would, or similar terminology, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable under the circumstances, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s expectations include, but are not limited to, its assumptions about: 
 changes in local, regional, national, and international economic conditions, including as a result of any epidemics or pandemics; 
 the market prices of oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and other products or services, including the prices received for natural gas purchased from third parties to sell and deliver to a U.S. LNG export facility; 
 the Company s commodity hedging arrangements; 
 the supply and demand for oil, natural gas, NGLs, and other products or services; 
 production and reserve levels; 
 drilling risks; 
 economic and competitive conditions, including market and macro-economic disruptions resulting from the Russian war in Ukraine, the armed conflict in Israel and Gaza, and actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations, including the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC members that participate in OPEC initiatives (OPEC+); 
 the availability of capital resources; 
 capital expenditures and other contractual obligations; 
 currency exchange rates; 
 weather conditions; 
 inflation rates; 
 the impact of changes in tax legislation; 
 the availability of goods and services; 
 the impact of political pressure and the influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders on decisions and policies related to the industries in which the Company and its affiliates operate; 
 legislative, regulatory, or policy changes, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring, or water disposal; 
 the Company s performance on environmental, social, and governance measures; 
 cyberattacks and terrorism; 
 the Company s ability to access the capital markets; 
 market-related risks, such as general credit, liquidity, and interest-rate risks; 
 the ability to retain and hire key personnel; 
 property acquisitions or divestitures; 
 the integration of acquisitions; 

other factors disclosed under Items 1 and 2 Business and Properties Estimated Proved Reserves and Future Net Cash Flows, Item 1A Risk Factors, Item 7 Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and elsewhere in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 
 other risks and uncertainties disclosed in APA Corporation s third-quarter 2024 earnings release; 
 other factors disclosed under Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; and 
 other factors disclosed in the other filings that the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Other factors or events that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from the Company s expectations may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors or events. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company, or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise these statements, whether based on changes in internal estimates or expectations, new information, future developments, or otherwise. 

DEFINITIONS 
 All defined terms under Rule 4-10(a) of Regulation S-X shall have their statutorily prescribed meanings when used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. As used herein: 
 b/d means barrels of oil or NGLs per day. 
 bbl or bbls means barrel or barrels of oil or NGLs. 
 bcf means billion cubic feet of natural gas. 
 bcf/d means one bcf per day. 
 boe means barrel of oil equivalent, determined by using the ratio of one barrel of oil or NGLs to six Mcf of gas. 
 boe/d means boe per day. 
 Btu means a British thermal unit, a measure of heating value. 
 liquids means oil and NGLs. 
 LNG means liquefied natural gas. 
 Mb/d means Mbbls per day. 
 Mbbls means thousand barrels of oil or NGLs. 
 Mboe means thousand boe. 
 Mboe/d means Mboe per day. 
 Mcf means thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Mcf/d means Mcf per day. 
 MMbbls means million barrels of oil or NGLs. 
 MMboe means million boe. 
 MMBtu means million Btu. 
 MMBtu/d means MMBtu per day. 
 MMcf means million cubic feet of natural gas. 
 MMcf/d means MMcf per day. 
 NGL or NGLs means natural gas liquids, which are expressed in barrels. 
 NYMEX means New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 oil includes crude oil and condensate. 
 PUD means proved undeveloped. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Tcf means trillion cubic feet of natural gas. 
 U.K. means United Kingdom. 
 U.S. means United States. 
 With respect to information relating to the Company s working interest in wells or acreage, net oil and gas wells or acreage is determined by multiplying gross wells or acreage by the Company s working interest therein. Unless otherwise specified, all references to wells and acres are gross. 
 References to Apache, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Apache Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specifically stated. References to APA refer to APA Corporation, the Company s parent holding company, and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Company, unless otherwise specifically stated. 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) REVENUES AND OTHER: Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues (1) 
 Purchased oil and gas sales (1) 
 Total revenues Derivative instrument gains, net 
 Gain on divestitures, net Loss on previously sold Gulf of Mexico properties ) Other, net OPERATING EXPENSES: Lease operating expenses (1) 
 Gathering, processing, and transmission (1) 
 Purchased oil and gas costs (1) 
 Taxes other than income Exploration General and administrative Transaction, reorganization, and separation Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Asset retirement obligation accretion Impairments Financing costs, net NET INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 ) Current income tax provision Deferred income tax benefit 
 ) ) ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) INCLUDING NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Sinopec Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest APA Corporation NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO APACHE CORPORATION 
 ) 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 1 

APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) NET INCOME (LOSS) INCLUDING NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX: 
 Pension and postretirement benefit plan ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) INCLUDING NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Sinopec Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest APA Corporation COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO APACHE CORPORATION 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 2 

APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 (In millions) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income including noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on divestitures, net ) ) Exploratory dry hole expense and unproved leasehold impairments Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Asset retirement obligation accretion Impairments Benefit from deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 ) Loss on previously sold Gulf of Mexico properties Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables ) Inventories ) Drilling advances and other current assets Deferred charges and other long-term assets ) Accounts payable ) Accounts receivable from/payable to APA Corporation ) ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred credits and noncurrent liabilities ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Additions to upstream oil and gas property ) ) Leasehold and property acquisitions ) ) Notes receivable from APA Corporation ) ) Proceeds from asset divestitures Proceeds from sale of Kinetik Shares 
 Other, net ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Payments on fixed-rate debt ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest Sinopec 
 ) ) Distributions to APA Corporation ) ) Other, net ) NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW DATA: Interest paid, net of capitalized interest Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 3 

APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 (In millions, except share data) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowance of and 
 Assets held for sale 
 Other current assets Note 5 
 Accounts receivable from APA Corporation Note 2 
 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Oil and gas properties Gathering, processing, and transmission facilities Other Less: Accumulated depreciation, depletion, and amortization ) ) OTHER ASSETS: Equity method interests Note 6 
 Decommissioning security for sold Gulf of Mexico properties Note 11 
 Deferred tax asset Note 10 
 Deferred charges and other Noncurrent receivable from APA Corporation Note 2 
 Notes receivable from APA Corporation Note 2 
 LIABILITIES, NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS, AND EQUITY 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Current debt Liabilities held for sale 
 Other current liabilities Note 7 
 LONG-TERM DEBT Note 9 
 DEFERRED CREDITS AND OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES: Deferred tax liability Note 10 
 Asset retirement obligation Note 8 
 Decommissioning contingency for sold Gulf of Mexico properties Note 11 
 Other EQUITY: 
 Common stock, par, and shares authorized, respectively, and shares issued, respectively 
 Paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO APACHE CORPORATION Noncontrolling interest Sinopec Noncontrolling interest APA Corporation TOTAL EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 4 

APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO APACHE CORPORATION 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 TOTAL EQUITY (In millions) 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income attributable to Apache Corporation Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest APA Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Sinopec Distributions to noncontrolling interest Sinopec ) ) Distributions to APA Corporation ) ) Other Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Net loss attributable to Apache Corporation 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest APA Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Sinopec Distributions to noncontrolling interest Sinopec ) ) Distributions to APA Corporation ) ) ) ) Other Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 5 

APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS - Continued 
 (Unaudited) 
 Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO APACHE CORPORATION 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 TOTAL EQUITY (In millions) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Net income attributable to Apache Corporation 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest APA Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Sinopec Distributions to noncontrolling interest Sinopec ) ) Distributions to APA Corporation ) ) Other Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Net income attributable to Apache Corporation 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest APA Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Sinopec Distributions to noncontrolling interest Sinopec ) ) Distributions to APA Corporation ) ) ) ) Other ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 6 

APACHE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 7 

Refer to Note 6 Equity Method Interests and Note 9 Debt and Financing Costs for further detail regarding the Company s fair value measurements recorded on a recurring basis. 
 The Company also uses fair value measurements on a nonrecurring basis when certain qualitative assessments of its assets indicate a potential impairment. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company continued its economic assessment of its North Sea assets in light of several new regulatory guidelines and obligations surrounding significant tax levies and modernization of aging infrastructure. The Company determined the expected returns do not economically support making investments required under the combined impact of the regulations, and it will cease production at its facilities in the North Sea prior to 2030. As a result, the Company performed a fair value assessment of the present value of its oil and gas assets in the North Sea as of September 30, 2024. Accordingly, in the third quarter of 2024, the Company recognized impairments of million on certain proved properties in the North Sea, which were written down to their estimated fair values. This impairment is discussed in further detail below in Property and Equipment Oil and Gas Property. 
 Additionally, in the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to sell certain non-core U.S. oil and gas producing properties in the Permian Basin. As a result of this agreement, a separate impairment analysis was performed for each of the assets within the disposal group. The analyses were based on the agreed-upon proceeds less costs to sell for the transaction, a Level 1 fair value measurement. The historical carrying value of the net assets to be divested exceeded the fair value implied by the expected net proceeds, resulting in an impairment totaling million on the Company s proved properties in the U.S. Refer to Note 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for more detail. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded asset impairments in connection with fair value assessments. 
 8 

Refer to Note 2 Transactions with Parent Affiliate for more detail. 
 billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Payments under all contracts with customers are typically due and received within a short-term period of one year or less, after physical delivery of the product or service has been rendered. In the past year, the Company s receivable balance from the Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation (EGPC) has gradually increased as payments for the Company s Egyptian oil and gas sales have been delayed for periods longer than historically experienced. The Company is actively engaged in discussions with the Government of Egypt to resolve the delay in EGPC payments. The Company has received payments throughout the period, and management believes that the Company will be able to collect the total balance of its receivables from this customer. 
 Oil and gas production revenues include income taxes that will be paid to the Arab Republic of Egypt by EGPC on behalf of the Company. Revenue and associated expenses related to such tax volumes are recorded as Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues and Current income tax provision, respectively, in the Company s statement of consolidated operations. 
 Refer to Note 12 Business Segment Information for a disaggregation of oil, gas, and natural gas production revenue by product and reporting segment. 
 
 The Company recorded impairments to inventory of million in the third quarter and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 9 

million on certain of the Company s North Sea proved properties to an aggregate fair value of million. 
 Additionally, in the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded impairments totaling million in connection with an agreement to sell certain non-core producing properties in the Permian Basin. These impairments are discussed in further detail above in Fair Value Measurements and in Note 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures . The associated U.S. properties had an aggregate fair value of billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 Refer to Note 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for more detail. 

2. 
 million and million in the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, in reimbursable corporate overhead charges in connection with these administration and support operations. 
 10 

Apache subsidiaries through which Apache s interests in Suriname and the Dominican Republic were held. The purchase price is payable pursuant to a senior promissory note made by APA payable to Apache, dated March 1, 2021. The note has a term, maturing on February 29, 2028, and bears interest at a rate of percent per annum, payable semi-annually, subject to APA s option to allow accrued interest to convert to principal (PIK) during the first years of the note s term (to August 31, 2026). The note is guaranteed by each of the subsidiaries sold by Apache to APA. APA allowed interest accrued from March 1, 2021 through August 31, 2024, totaling million, to PIK pursuant to the note. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was approximately billion in principal outstanding under this note. 
 APA also made a senior promissory note payable to Apache, dated March 31, 2023, as amended April 30, 2024, pursuant to which Apache may loan and APA may borrow, repay, and reborrow up to billion in aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time. The note has a term, maturing March 31, 2028. The note bears interest at a rate per annum of percent, payable semi-annually; however, APA may allow accrued interest to convert to principal, subject to the aggregate maximum principal amount of the note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were approximately billion and billion, respectively, in borrowings outstanding under this note. The note is intended to facilitate cash management of APA and Apache. 
 These notes are both reflected in Notes receivable from APA Corporation on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized interest income on these notes totaling million and million during the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The interest income related to these notes is reflected in Financing costs, net on the Company s statement of consolidated operations. 
 Noncontrolling Interest APA Corporation 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, in conjunction with the ratification of a new merged concession agreement (MCA) with the EGPC, Apache entered into an agreement with APA under which the historical value of existing concessions prior to ratifying the MCA was retained by Apache, with any excess value from the MCA terms being allocated to APA. Sinopec owns a one-third minority participation in the Company s consolidated Egypt oil and gas business, and percent and percent of the remaining net income and distributable cash flow for the Company s Egyptian operations is allocated to APA in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Apache consolidates its Egyptian operations, with APA s noncontrolling interest reflected as a separate component in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company recorded net income attributable to APA s noncontrolling interest of million and million in the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company also distributed million and million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, of cash to APA in association with its noncontrolling interest. 
 Accounts Receivable from / Accounts Payable to APA 
 In connection with the Company s role as service provider to APA, Apache is reimbursed by APA for employee costs, certain internal costs, and third-party costs paid by the Company on behalf of APA. All reimbursements are based on actual costs incurred, and no market premium is applied by the Company to APA. The Company also collects third-party receivables on behalf of APA. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accounts receivable from APA in connection with these services totaling million and million, respectively, which is reflected in Accounts receivable from APA Corporation on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had receivables from APA totaling million and million, respectively. This balance is reflected in Noncurrent receivable from APA Corporation on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 Other Transactions with APA Corporation 
 From time to time, the Company may, at its discretion, make distributions of capital to APA. Capital distributions totaling million were made during the first nine months of 2024 primarily in support of dividend payments and capital transactions completed by APA during the period. capital distributions were made during the first nine months of 2023. 
 11 

3. 
 million, prior to customary closing adjustments. The properties are located in the Central Basin Platform, Texas and New Mexico Shelf, and Northwest Shelf and currently represent estimated net production of barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which approximately percent is oil. Proceeds from this sale are expected to be used primarily to reduce debt. The effective date of the transaction is July 1, 2024, and the transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2024. The Company received a deposit of million in connection with the sale during the third quarter of 2024. 
 As a result of the agreement, the Company performed a fair value assessment of the associated assets and liabilities and recorded an impairment of million to the carrying value of associated oil and gas properties. These assets met the criteria of held for sale classification as of September 30, 2024. U.S. oil and gas properties totaling billion and the associated asset retirement obligation of million were classified as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 U.S. Divestitures 
 In the first nine months of 2024, the Company completed the sale of non-core acreage in the East Texas Austin Chalk and Eagle Ford plays that had a carrying value of million for aggregate cash proceeds of million and the assumption of asset retirement obligations of million. The Company recognized a million loss during the first nine months of 2024 in association with this sale. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, the Company also completed the sale of non-core mineral and royalty interests in the Permian Basin that had a carrying value of million for approximately million after post-closing adjustments. The Company recognized a gain of million during the first nine months of 2024 in association with this sale. 
 Additionally, during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, the Company completed the sale of non-core assets and leasehold in multiple transactions for aggregate cash proceeds of million and million, respectively, recognizing a gain of approximately million and million, respectively, upon closing of these transactions. 
 Sale of Kinetik Shares 
 On March 18, 2024, the Company sold its remaining Kinetik Shares for cash proceeds of million. Refer to Note 6 Equity Method Interests for further detail. 
 Leasehold and Property Acquisitions 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Company completed leasehold and property acquisitions, primarily in the Permian Basin, for aggregate cash consideration of approximately million. 
 2023 Activity 
 Leasehold and Property Acquisitions 
 During the first nine months of 2023, the Company completed leasehold and property acquisitions, primarily in the Permian Basin, for aggregate cash consideration of approximately million. 
 U.S. Divestitures 
 During the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, the Company completed the sale of non-core assets and leasehold in multiple transactions for aggregate cash proceeds of million and million, respectively, recognizing a gain of approximately million and million, respectively, upon closing of these transactions. 
 12 

4. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The increase is primarily attributable to additional drilling activity in Egypt, partially offset by the transfer of successful well costs during the quarter. suspended exploratory well costs previously capitalized for greater than one year at December 31, 2023 were charged to dry hole expense during the third quarter of 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, approximately million of suspended well costs previously capitalized for greater than one year at December 31, 2023 were charged to dry hole expense. 
 Projects with suspended exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year since the completion of drilling are those identified by management as exhibiting sufficient quantities of hydrocarbons to justify potential development. Management is actively pursuing efforts to assess whether proved reserves can be attributed to these projects. 
 
 5. 
 Drilling advances Current decommissioning security for sold Gulf of Mexico assets Prepaid assets and other Total Other current assets 
 
 6. 
 million Kinetik Shares, which were recorded at fair value of million and reflected separately as Equity method interests in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company elected the fair value option for measuring its equity method interest in Kinetik based on practical expedience, variances in reporting timelines, and cost-benefit considerations. The fair value of the Company s interest in Kinetik was determined using observable share prices on a major exchange, a Level 1 fair value measurement. On March 18, 2024, the Company sold its remaining Kinetik Shares for cash proceeds of million. 
 Prior to the Company s sale of its remaining Kinetik Shares and the resignation of the Company s designated director from the Kinetik board of directors, the Company recorded changes in the fair value of its equity method interest in Kinetik totaling a loss of million in the first quarter of 2024, and a loss of million and a gain of million in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively. These changes in fair value were recorded as a component of Revenues and Other in the Company s statement of consolidated operations. 
 Purchased oil and gas sales Gathering, processing, and transmission costs Purchased oil and gas costs Lease operating expenses 
 
 13 

7. 
 Accrued exploration and development Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued interest Accrued income taxes Current asset retirement obligation Current operating lease liability Current decommissioning contingency for sold Gulf of Mexico properties Other Total Other current liabilities 
 
 8. 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) Liabilities divested ) Liabilities held for sale ) Accretion expense Revisions in estimated liabilities Asset retirement obligation, September 30, 2024 
 Less current portion ) Asset retirement obligation, long-term 
 
 9. 
 Finance lease obligations Unamortized discount ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 
 (1) The fair values of the Company s notes and debentures were billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Apache uses a market approach to determine the fair values of its notes and debentures using estimates provided by an independent investment financial data services firm (a Level 2 fair value measurement). 
 At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, current debt included million of finance lease obligations. 
 14 

Amortization of debt issuance costs Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest income from APA Corporation, net Note 2 
 ) ) ) ) Financing costs, net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Apache purchased in the open market and canceled senior notes issued under its indentures in an aggregate principal amount of million for an aggregate purchase price of million in cash. The Company recognized a million gain on these repurchases. 
 APA Unsecured 2022 Committed Credit Facilities 
 On April 29, 2022, Apache entered into unsecured guaranties of obligations under unsecured syndicated credit agreements then entered into by APA, of which Apache is a wholly owned subsidiary. These APA credit agreements are for general corporate purposes. 
 agreement is denominated in US dollars (the USD Agreement) and provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility, with aggregate commitments of US billion (including a letter of credit subfacility of up to US million, of which US million currently is committed). APA may increase commitments up to an aggregate US billion by adding new lenders or obtaining the consent of any increasing existing lenders. This facility matures in April 2027, subject to APA s , extension options. 
 The second agreement is denominated in pounds sterling (the GBP Agreement) and provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility, with aggregate commitments of billion for loans and letters of credit. This facility matures in April 2027, subject to APA s , extension options. 
 Apache may borrow under APA s USD Agreement up to an aggregate principal amount of US million outstanding at any given time. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were borrowings by Apache outstanding under the USD Agreement. Apache has guaranteed obligations under each of the USD Agreement and GBP Agreement effective until the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness under senior notes and debentures outstanding under Apache s existing indentures first is less than US billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, APA had million of borrowings under the USD Agreement and an aggregate million in letters of credit outstanding under the GBP Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, there were letters of credit outstanding under the USD Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, there were million of borrowings under the USD Agreement and an aggregate million in letters of credit outstanding under the GBP Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, there were letters of credit outstanding under the USD Agreement. 
 Uncommitted Lines of Credit 
 Apache, from time to time, has and uses uncommitted credit and letter of credit facilities for working capital and credit support purposes. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were outstanding borrowings under these facilities. As of September 30, 2024, there were million and million, respectively, in letters of credit outstanding under these facilities. As of December 31, 2023, there were million and million, respectively, in letters of credit outstanding under these facilities. 
 APA Commercial Paper Program 
 In December 2023, APA established a commercial paper program under which it from time to time may issue in private placements exempt from registration under the Securities Act short-term unsecured promissory notes (CP Notes) up to a maximum aggregate face amount of billion outstanding at any time. The maturities of CP Notes may vary but may not exceed days from the date of issuance. 
 15 

billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, APA had million in aggregate face amount of CP Notes outstanding. As of December 31, 2023, there were CP Notes outstanding. 
 
 APA Unsecured Committed Term Loan Facility 
 On January 30, 2024, Apache entered into an unsecured guaranty of obligations under an unsecured syndicated credit agreement then entered into by APA under which the lenders committed an aggregate billion for senior unsecured delayed-draw term loans to APA (Term Loan Credit Agreement), the proceeds of which could be used to refinance certain indebtedness of Callon Petroleum Company, a Delaware corporation (Callon), only on the date of closing of transactions under the merger agreement entered into by APA and Callon (the Merger Agreement). Apache has guaranteed obligations under the Term Loan Credit Agreement effective until the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness under senior notes and debentures outstanding under Apache s existing indentures first is less than billion. 
 On April 1, 2024, APA closed the transactions under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. APA borrowed an aggregate billion in senior unsecured term loans that mature April 1, 2027. Loan proceeds were used to refinance certain indebtedness of Callon upon the substantially simultaneous closing of APA s acquisition of Callon pursuant to the Merger Agreement and to pay related fees and expenses. APA may at any time prepay loans under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, billion in borrowings remained outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 billion for senior unsecured delayed-draw term loans to APA available for borrowing only once upon the date of the closings under the Merger Agreement and Term Loan Credit Agreement, of which billion was for term loans that would mature after the date of such closings -Year Tranche Loans) and million was for term loans that would mature days after the date of such closings -Day Tranche Loans). APA elected to borrow only under the -Year Tranche Loans and to allow the lender commitments for the -Day Tranche Loans to expire. 
 
 10. 
 16 

11. 
 million for all legal contingencies that are deemed to be probable of occurring and can be reasonably estimated. The Company s estimates are based on information known about the matters and its experience in contesting, litigating, and settling similar matters. Although actual amounts could differ from management s estimate, none of the actions are believed by management to involve future amounts that would be material to the Company s financial position, results of operations, or liquidity after consideration of recorded accruals. With respect to material matters for which the Company believes an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible, the Company has disclosed the nature of the matter and a range of potential exposure, unless an estimate cannot be made at this time. It is management s opinion that the loss for any other litigation matters and claims that are reasonably possible to occur will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 For additional information on Legal Matters described below, refer to Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Argentine Environmental Claims 
 On March 12, 2014, the Company and its subsidiaries completed the sale of all of the Company s subsidiaries operations and properties in Argentina to YPF Sociedad Anonima (YPF). As part of that sale, YPF assumed responsibility for all of the past, present, and future litigation in Argentina involving Company subsidiaries, except that Company subsidiaries have agreed to indemnify YPF for certain environmental, tax, and royalty obligations capped at an aggregate of million. The indemnity is subject to specific agreed conditions precedent, thresholds, contingencies, limitations, claim deadlines, loss sharing, and other terms and conditions. On April 11, 2014, YPF provided its first notice of claims pursuant to the indemnity. Company subsidiaries have not paid any amounts under the indemnity but will continue to review and consider claims presented by YPF. Further, Company subsidiaries retain the right to enforce certain Argentina-related indemnification obligations against Pioneer Natural Resources Company (Pioneer) in an amount up to million pursuant to the terms and conditions of stock purchase agreements entered in 2006 between Company subsidiaries and subsidiaries of Pioneer. 
 Louisiana Restoration 
 As more fully described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, Louisiana surface owners often file lawsuits or assert claims against oil and gas companies, including the Company, claiming that operators and working interest owners in the chain of title are liable for environmental damages on the leased premises, including damages measured by the cost of restoration of the leased premises to its original condition, regardless of the value of the underlying property. From time to time, restoration lawsuits and claims are resolved by the Company for amounts that are not material to the Company, while new lawsuits and claims are asserted against the Company. With respect to each of the pending lawsuits and claims, the amount claimed is not currently determinable or is not material. Further, the overall exposure related to these lawsuits and claims is not currently determinable. While adverse judgments against the Company are possible, the Company intends to actively defend these lawsuits and claims. 
 17 

remaining coastal zone lawsuit, which was filed by the City of New Orleans against the Company and a number of oil and gas operators. 
 Apollo Exploration Lawsuit 
 In a case captioned Apollo Exploration, LLC, Cogent Exploration, Ltd. Co. SellmoCo, LLC v. Apache Corporation , Cause No. CV50538 in the 385 th Judicial District Court, Midland County, Texas, plaintiffs alleged damages in excess of million (having previously claimed in excess of billion) relating to purchase and sale agreements, mineral leases, and area of mutual interest agreements concerning properties located in Hartley, Moore, Potter, and Oldham Counties, Texas. The trial court entered final judgment in favor of the Company, ruling that the plaintiffs take nothing by their claims and awarding the Company its attorneys fees and costs incurred in defending the lawsuit. The court of appeals affirmed in part and reversed in part the trial court s judgment thereby reinstating some of plaintiffs claims. The Texas Supreme Court granted the Company s petition for review and heard oral argument in October 2022. On April 28, 2023, the Texas Supreme Court reversed the court of appeals decision and remanded the case back to the court of appeals for further proceedings. After plaintiffs request for rehearing, on July 21, 2023, the Texas Supreme Court reaffirmed its reversal of the court of appeals decision and remand of the case back to the court of appeals for further proceedings. 
 Australian Operations Divestiture Dispute 
 Pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated April 9, 2015 (Quadrant SPA), the Company and its subsidiaries divested Australian operations to Quadrant Energy Pty Ltd (Quadrant). Closing occurred on June 5, 2015. In April 2017, the Company filed suit against Quadrant for breach of the Quadrant SPA. In its suit, the Company seeks approximately AUD million. In December 2017, Quadrant filed a defense of equitable set-off to the Company s claim and a counterclaim seeking approximately AUD million in the aggregate. The Company will vigorously prosecute its claim while vigorously defending against Quadrant s counter claims. 
 California and Delaware Litigation 
 On July 17, 2017, in separate actions, San Mateo and Marin Counties, and the City of Imperial Beach, California, all filed suit individually and on behalf of the people of the State of California against over oil and gas companies alleging damages as a result of global warming. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. On December 20, 2017, in separate actions, the City of Santa Cruz and Santa Cruz County filed similar lawsuits against many of the same defendants. On January 22, 2018, the City of Richmond filed a similar lawsuit. These cases were then consolidated before a single judge in a multi-district litigation (MDL) proceeding. On August 14, 2024, in the MDL, the plaintiffs agreed to dismiss Apache with prejudice from all matters, and a dismissal has been entered by the court. 
 On September 10, 2020, the State of Delaware filed suit, individually and on behalf of the people of the State of Delaware, against over oil and gas companies alleging damages as a result of global warming. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. 
 Kulp Minerals Lawsuit 
 On or about April 7, 2023, Apache was sued in a purported class action in New Mexico styled Kulp Minerals LLC v. Apache Corporation , Case No. D-506-CV-2023-00352 in the Fifth Judicial District. The Kulp Minerals case has not been certified and seeks to represent a group of owners allegedly owed statutory interest under New Mexico law as a result of purported late oil and gas payments. The amount of this claim is not yet reasonably determinable. The Company intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in this lawsuit. 
 18 

million. 
 On September 11, 2020, the Company received a Notice of Violation and Finding of Violation, and accompanying Clean Air Act Information Request, from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) following site inspections in April 2019 at several of the Company s oil and natural gas production facilities in Lea and Eddy Counties, New Mexico. Then on December 29, 2020, the Company received a Notice of Violation and Opportunity to Confer, and accompanying Clean Air Act Information Request, from the EPA following helicopter flyovers in September 2019 of several of the Company s oil and natural gas production facilities in Reeves County, Texas. The notices and information requests involved alleged emissions control and reporting violations. The Company cooperated with the EPA, responded to the information requests, and negotiated and entered into a consent decree to resolve the alleged violations in both New Mexico and Texas, which has been approved and entered by the Court. The consideration provided by the Company in connection with the consent decree, which included a million payment, did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position. 
 The Company is not aware of any environmental claims existing as of September 30, 2024, that have not been provided for or would otherwise have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. There can be no assurance, however, that current regulatory requirements will not change or past non-compliance with environmental laws will not be discovered on the Company s properties. 
 19 

bonds (Bonds) in favor of Apache, and the establishment of a trust account of which Apache was a beneficiary and which was funded by net profits interests (NPIs) depending on future oil prices. In addition, after such sources have been exhausted, Apache agreed upon resolution of GOM Shelf s second bankruptcy to provide a standby loan to GOM Shelf of up to million to perform decommissioning, with such standby loan secured by a first and prior lien on the Legacy GOM Assets. 
 By letter dated April 5, 2022 (replacing earlier letters) and by subsequent letter dated March 1, 2023, GOM Shelf notified the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) that it was unable to fund the decommissioning obligations that it was obligated to perform on certain of the Legacy GOM Assets. As a result, Apache and other current and former owners in these assets have received orders from BSEE and demands from third parties to decommission certain of the Legacy GOM Assets included in GOM Shelf s notifications to BSEE. Apache expects to receive similar orders and demands on the other Legacy GOM Assets included in GOM Shelf s notification letters. Apache has also received orders to decommission other Legacy GOM Assets that were not included in GOM Shelf s notification letters. Further, Apache anticipates that GOM Shelf may send additional such notices to BSEE in the future and that it may receive additional orders from BSEE requiring it to decommission other Legacy GOM Assets. 
 On June 21, 2023, sureties that issued Bonds directly to Apache and sureties that issued bonds to the issuing bank on the Letters of Credit filed suit against Apache in a case styled Zurich American Insurance Company, HCC International Insurance Company PLC, Philadelphia Indemnity Insurance Company and Everest Reinsurance Company (Insurers) v. Apache Corporation , Cause No. 2023-38238 in the 281 st Judicial District Court, Harris County Texas. The sureties sought to prevent Apache from drawing on the Bonds and Letters of Credit and further alleged that they are discharged from their reimbursement obligations related to decommissioning costs and are entitled to other relief. On July 20, 2023, the 281 st Judicial District Court denied the Insurers request for a temporary injunction. On July 26, 2023, Apache removed the suit to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (Houston Division). Since the time the sureties filed their state court lawsuit, Apache has drawn down the entirety of the Letters of Credit. Apache has also sought to draw down on the Bonds; however, the sureties refuse to pay such Bond draws. On September 12, 2024, the bankruptcy court issued its opinion (1) finding that sureties state court lawsuit against Apache was void; (2) holding that Apache s claims against the sureties for unpaid amounts may proceed in bankruptcy court; and (3) holding the sureties in civil contempt and awarding attorneys fees to Apache as a sanction in an amount to be determined in a future hearing. That hearing took place on October 24, 2024, although the Court has not yet issued a ruling on the issues addressed, including any award of attorney s fees to Apache. Apache is vigorously pursuing its claims against the sureties. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a million asset, which represents the remaining amount the Company expects to be reimbursed from security related to these decommissioning costs. 
 The Company has recorded contingent liabilities in the amounts of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, representing the estimated costs of decommissioning it may be required to perform on the Legacy GOM Assets. The Company recognized million in the first nine months of 2024 of Loss on previously sold Gulf of Mexico properties. Amounts recorded in the first nine months of 2024 included million related to orders received during the period from BSEE to decommission properties previously sold to Cox Operating LLC and to decommission a property operated and produced by Fieldwood Energy Offshore and Dynamic Offshore Resources NS, LLC. The Company recognized losses for decommissioning previously sold properties during the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023. There have been no other changes in estimates from December 31, 2023 that would have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 

20 

12. 
 operating segments: the U.S., Egypt, and North Sea. The Company s Upstream business explores for, develops, and produces crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. 
 Natural gas revenues Natural gas liquids revenues Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues Purchased oil and gas sales Operating Expenses: Lease operating expenses Gathering, processing, and transmission Purchased oil and gas costs Taxes other than income Exploration Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Asset retirement obligation accretion Impairments Operating Income (Loss) (2) 
 ) ) Other Income (Expense): Gain on divestitures, net Other, net General and administrative ) Transaction, reorganization, and separation ) Financing costs, net ) Loss Before Income Taxes 
 ) 
 21 

Natural gas revenues Natural gas liquids revenues Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues Purchased oil and gas sales Operating Expenses: Lease operating expenses Gathering, processing, and transmission Purchased oil and gas costs Taxes other than income Exploration Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Asset retirement obligation accretion Impairments Operating Income (Loss) (2) 
 ) ) Other Income (Expense): Derivative instrument gains, net 
 Loss on offshore decommissioning contingency ) Gain on divestitures, net Other, net General and administrative ) Transaction, reorganization, and separation ) Financing costs, net ) Income Before Income Taxes Total Assets (3) 
 ) 
 
 22 

Natural gas revenues Natural gas liquids revenues Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues Purchased oil and gas sales Operating Expenses: Lease operating expenses Gathering, processing, and transmission Purchased oil and gas costs Taxes other than income Exploration Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Asset retirement obligation accretion Operating Income (Loss) (2) 
 ) Other Income (Expense): Gain on divestitures, net 
 Other, net General and administrative ) Transaction, reorganization, and separation ) Financing costs, net ) Income Before Income Taxes 
 23 

Natural gas revenues Natural gas liquids revenues Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids production revenues Purchased oil and gas sales Operating Expenses: Lease operating expenses Gathering, processing, and transmission Purchased oil and gas costs Taxes other than income Exploration Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Asset retirement obligation accretion Impairments Operating Income (Loss) (2) 
 ) Other Income (Expense): Gain on divestitures, net Other, net General and administrative ) Transaction, reorganization, and separation ) Financing costs, net ) Income Before Income Taxes Total Assets (3) 
 
 (1) Includes oil and gas production revenue that will be paid as taxes by EGPC on behalf of the Company for the quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of: 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Oil Natural gas 
 (2) Operating income (loss) of U.S., North Sea includes leasehold impairments of million and million, respectively, for the third quarter of 2023. Operating income (loss) of U.S. includes leasehold impairments of million for the first nine months of 2024. Operating income (loss) of U.S. and North Sea includes leasehold impairments of million, million, respectively, for the first nine months of 2023. 
 (3) Intercompany balances are excluded from total assets. 
 (4) Includes noncontrolling interests of Sinopec and APA. 
 
 24 

ITEM 2 . MANAGEMENT S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion relates to Apache Corporation (Apache or the Company) and its consolidated subsidiaries and should be read together with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included in Part I, Item 1 Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as related information set forth in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Overview 
 Apache, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of APA Corporation (APA), is an independent energy company that explores for, develops, and produces natural gas, crude oil, and natural gas liquids (NGLs). The Company s upstream business has oil and gas operations in three geographic areas: the U.S., Egypt, and offshore the U.K. in the North Sea (North Sea). 
 Apache believes energy underpins global progress, and the Company wants to be a part of the solution as society works to meet growing global demand for reliable and affordable energy. Apache strives to meet those challenges while creating value for all its stakeholders. 
 Uncertainties in the global supply chain and financial markets, including the impact of ongoing international conflicts, inflation, and actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations, including OPEC+, impact oil supply and demand and contribute to commodity price volatility. Despite these uncertainties, the Company remains committed to its longer-term objectives: (1) to invest for long-term returns in pursuit of moderate, sustainable production growth; (2) to strengthen the balance sheet to underpin the generation of cash flow in excess of its upstream exploration, appraisal, and development capital program that can be directed to debt reduction and return of capital to APA; and (3) to responsibly manage its cost structure regardless of the oil price environment. The Company closely monitors hydrocarbon pricing fundamentals to reallocate capital as part of its ongoing planning process. 
 
 Financial and Operational Highlights 
 On September 10, 2024, the Company announced it entered into an agreement to sell non-core producing properties in the Permian Basin to an undisclosed buyer for 950 million, prior to customary closing adjustments. The properties are located in the Central Basin Platform, Texas and New Mexico Shelf, and Northwest Shelf and currently represent estimated net production of 21,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which approximately 57 percent is oil. Proceeds from this sale are expected to be used primarily to reduce debt. The effective date of the transaction is July 1, 2024, and the transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company reported a net loss of 318 million compared to net income of 387 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in net income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by 1.1 billion of impairments, which included 793 million of oil and gas property impairments in the North Sea, a 315 million impairment of assets held for sale in the Permian Basin, and 3 million inventory impairments in the North Sea. The decrease in net income was further impacted by lower revenues as a result of decreased total production, primarily in the North Sea, and lower realized oil and natural gas prices. These impacts to net loss were partially offset by lower income tax expense coupled with widening margins under third-party gas agreements resulting from lower natural gas prices compared to the same prior-year period. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, the Company reported net income of 282 million compared to net income of 814 million in the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net income in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by 1.1 billion of impairments recorded during the third quarter of 2024 and the related tax impacts. The decrease in net income was further impacted by lower revenues as a result of decreased total production, primarily in the North Sea, lower realized oil and natural gas prices, and higher depreciation. These impacts to net income were partially offset by net gains on divestitures of non-core assets, widening margins under third-party gas agreements resulting from lower natural gas prices, and lower income tax expense compared to the same prior-year period. 
 The Company generated 2.2 billion of cash from operating activities during the first nine months of 2024, 11 percent higher than the first nine months of 2023. The Company s higher operating cash flows for the first nine months of 2024 were primarily driven by timing of working capital items. 
 25 

Key operational highlights include: 
 United States 
 Daily boe production from the Company s U.S. assets accounted for 52 percent of its total production during the third quarter of 2024 and decreased 12 percent from the third quarter of 2023. Daily oil production from the Company s U.S. assets increased 7 percent from the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company averaged seven drilling rigs in the Permian Basin, including five rigs in the Southern Midland Basin and two rig in the Delaware Basin, and brought online 15 operated wells during the quarter. The Company s core Permian Basin development program continues to represent key growth areas for the U.S. assets. 
 International 
 In Egypt, the Company continued its drilling and workover activity with a focus on oil production. The Company averaged 12 drilling rigs and drilled 15 new productive wells during the third quarter of 2024. During the same period, the Company averaged 20 workover rigs as it continues to align its drilling and workover activity with a goal of driving improved capital efficiency. Third quarter 2024 gross production from the Company s Egypt assets decreased 5 percent from the third quarter of 2023, and net production increased 2 percent. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, but prior to the date of this filing, the Company entered into a new pricing agreement for incremental gas volumes produced in Egypt, making gas exploration and development more economically competitive with oil development. 
 The Company suspended all new drilling activity in the North Sea during the second quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company continued its economic assessment of its North Sea assets in light of several new regulatory guidelines and obligations surrounding significant tax levies and modernization of aging infrastructure. The Company determined the expected returns do not economically support making investments required under the combined impact of the regulations, and it will cease production at its facilities in the North Sea prior to 2030. The Company s investment program in the North Sea is now directed toward asset safety and integrity. 
 26 

Results of Operations 
 
 Oil, Natural Gas, and Natural Gas Liquids Production Revenues 
 
 Revenue 
 The Company s production revenues and respective contribution to total revenues by country were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Value Contribution Value Contribution Value Contribution Value Contribution in millions) Oil Revenues: United States 555 41 557 34 1,610 39 1,469 34 Egypt (1) 
 673 50 724 45 2,003 48 1,971 46 North Sea 117 9 348 21 517 13 865 20 Total (1) 
 1,345 100 1,629 100 4,130 100 4,305 100 Natural Gas Revenues: United States 3 3 83 36 61 15 214 33 Egypt (1) 
 81 82 81 35 231 59 264 41 North Sea 15 15 66 29 104 26 165 26 Total (1) 
 99 100 230 100 396 100 643 100 NGL Revenues: United States 95 95 119 96 296 93 322 94 North Sea 5 5 5 4 21 7 19 6 Total (1) 
 100 100 124 100 317 100 341 100 Oil and Gas Revenues: United States 653 42 759 38 1,967 41 2,005 38 Egypt (1) 
 754 49 805 41 2,234 46 2,235 42 North Sea 137 9 419 21 642 13 1,049 20 Total (1) 
 1,544 100 1,983 100 4,843 100 5,289 100 
 (1) Includes revenues attributable to noncontrolling interests in Egypt. 
 
 27 

Production 
 The Company s production volumes by country were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 Increase (Decrease) 2023 2024 Increase (Decrease) 2023 Oil Volume (b/d) United States 78,457 7 73,562 75,266 8 69,552 Egypt (1)(2) 
 91,673 4 88,521 88,725 1 88,038 North Sea 21,334 (40) 35,680 25,888 (28) 36,070 Total 191,464 (3) 197,763 189,879 (2) 193,660 Natural Gas Volume (Mcf/d) United States 300,863 (28) 418,354 344,862 (17) 417,597 Egypt (1)(2) 
 300,418 0 300,326 287,953 (13) 331,158 North Sea 18,911 (71) 65,168 41,042 (14) 47,665 Total 620,192 (21) 783,848 673,857 (15) 796,420 NGL Volume (b/d) United States 49,894 (16) 59,512 49,429 (12) 55,938 North Sea 543 (64) 1,497 1,164 (4) 1,209 Total 50,437 (17) 61,009 50,593 (11) 57,147 BOE per day (3) 
 United States 178,495 (12) 202,800 182,172 (7) 195,091 Egypt (1)(2) 
 141,742 2 138,575 136,718 (5) 143,231 North Sea (4) 
 25,029 (48) 48,038 33,892 (25) 45,222 Total 345,266 (11) 389,413 352,782 (8) 383,544 
 (1) Gross oil, natural gas, and NGL production in Egypt were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil (b/d) 136,670 144,528 138,039 141,995 Natural Gas (Mcf/d) 447,173 472,744 445,397 511,430 
 (2) Includes net production volumes per day attributable to noncontrolling interests in Egypt of: 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil (b/d) 69,693 59,021 67,452 58,715 Natural Gas (Mcf/d) 228,389 200,231 218,914 220,862 
 (3) The table shows production on a boe basis in which natural gas is converted to an equivalent barrel of oil based on a 6:1 energy equivalent ratio. This ratio is not reflective of the price ratio between the two products. 
 (4) Average sales volumes from the North Sea for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 were 19,374 boe/d and 55,283 boe/d, respectively, and 30,607 boe/d and 47,370 boe/d for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Sales volumes may vary from production volumes as a result of the timing of liftings. 

28 

Pricing 
 The Company s average selling prices by country were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 Increase (Decrease) 2023 2024 Increase (Decrease) 2023 Average Oil Price Per barrel United States 76.80 (7) 82.38 78.04 1 77.36 Egypt 79.88 (10) 88.99 82.41 0 82.04 North Sea 83.36 (5) 87.70 83.67 1 83.25 Total 78.86 (9) 86.35 80.80 0 80.61 Average Natural Gas Price Per Mcf United States 0.11 (95) 2.14 0.64 (66) 1.87 Egypt 2.93 1 2.91 2.93 0 2.92 North Sea 9.76 (11) 10.98 9.89 (23) 12.83 Total 1.75 (45) 3.17 2.15 (27) 2.96 Average NGL Price Per barrel United States 20.65 (5) 21.74 21.86 4 21.08 North Sea 45.93 7 42.78 46.47 (2) 47.58 Total 21.26 (4) 22.17 22.65 4 21.76 

Third-Quarter 2024 compared to Third-Quarter 2023 
 Crude Oil Crude oil revenues for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 1.3 billion, a 284 million decrease from the comparative 2023 quarter. A 3 percent lower average daily production decreased third-quarter 2024 oil revenues by 144 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, while a 9 percent decrease in average realized prices decreased revenues by 140 million. Crude oil revenues accounted for 88 percent of total oil and gas production revenues and 55 percent of worldwide production in the third quarter of 2024. Crude oil prices realized in the third quarter of 2024 averaged 78.86 per barrel, compared with 86.35 per barrel in the comparative prior-year quarter. 
 The Company s worldwide oil production decreased 6 Mb/d to 191 Mb/d during the third quarter of 2024 from the comparative prior-year period, primarily a result of natural production decline, the sale of non-core assets in the U.S., and operational downtime due to maintenance activities in the North Sea., partially offset by increased drilling activity in the Permian Basin. 
 Natural Gas Natural gas revenues for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 99 million, an 131 million decrease from the comparative 2023 quarter. A 45 percent decrease in average realized prices decreased third-quarter 2024 natural gas revenues by 104 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, while a 21 percent lower average daily production decreased revenues by 27 million. Natural gas revenues accounted for 6 percent of total oil and gas production revenues and 30 percent of worldwide production during the third quarter of 2024. 
 The Company s worldwide natural gas production decreased 163.7 MMcf/d to 620.2 MMcf/d during the third quarter of 2024 from the comparative prior-year period, primarily a result of operational downtime due to maintenance activities in the North Sea, curtailment of volumes at Alpine High in response to extreme Waha basis differentials, natural production decline, and the sale of non-core assets in the U.S. These decreases were offset by increased drilling activity and recompletions in the Permian Basin. 
 NGL NGL revenues for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 100 million, a 24 million decrease from the comparative 2023 quarter. A 4 percent increase in average realized prices decreased third-quarter 2024 NGL revenues by 5 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, while a 17 percent lower average daily production decreased revenues by 19 million. NGL revenues accounted for 6 percent of total oil and gas production revenues and 15 percent of worldwide production during the third quarter of 2024. 
 29 

The Company s worldwide NGL production decreased 10.6 Mb/d to 50.4 Mb/d during the third quarter of 2024 from the comparative prior-year period, primarily a result of natural production decline, curtailment of volumes at Alpine High in response to extreme Waha basis differentials, the sale of non-core assets in the U.S., and operational downtime due to maintenance activities in the North Sea. These decreases were partially offset by increased drilling activity and recompletions in the Permian Basin. 
 
 Year-to-Date 2024 compared to Year-to-Date 2023 
 Crude Oil Crude oil revenues for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 4.1 billion, a 175 million decrease from the comparative 2023 period. A 2 percent lower average daily production primarily drove the decrease in oil revenues for the 2024 period compared to the prior-year period. Crude oil revenues accounted for 85 percent of total oil and gas production revenues and 54 percent of worldwide production for the first nine months of 2024. Crude oil prices realized during the first nine months of 2024 averaged 80.80 per barrel, compared to 80.61 per barrel in the comparative prior-year period. 
 The Company s worldwide oil production decreased 3.8 Mb/d to 189.9 Mb/d in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior-year period, primarily a result of natural production decline across all assets, the sale of non-core assets in the U.S., and operational downtime due to maintenance activities in the North Sea., partially offset by increased drilling activity in the Permian Basin. 
 Natural Gas Natural gas revenues for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 396 million, a 247 million decrease from the comparative 2023 period. A 27 percent decrease in average realized prices decreased natural gas revenues for the 2024 period by 174 million compared to the prior-year period, while 15 percent lower average daily production decreased revenues by 73 million compared to the prior-year period. Natural gas revenues accounted for 8 percent of total oil and gas production revenues and 32 percent of worldwide production for the first nine months of 2024. 
 The Company s worldwide natural gas production decreased 122.6 MMcf/d to 674 MMcf/d in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior-year period, primarily a result of operational downtime due to maintenance activities in the North Sea, reduced gas-focused activity in Egypt, natural production decline, curtailment of volumes at Alpine High in response to extreme Waha basis differentials, and the sale of non-core assets in the U.S. These decreases were partially offset by increased drilling activity in the Permian Basin 
 NGL NGL revenues for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 317 million, a 24 million decrease from the comparative 2023 period. An 11 percent lower average daily production decreased NGL revenues for the 2024 period by 38 million compared to the prior-year period, while a 4 percent increase in average realized prices increased revenues by 14 million . NGL revenues accounted for 7 percent of total oil and gas production revenues and 14 percent of worldwide production for the first nine months of 2024. 
 The Company s worldwide NGL production decreased 6.6 Mb/d to 50.6 Mb/d in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the prior-year period, primarily a result of natural production decline, curtailment of volumes at Alpine High in response to extreme Waha basis differentials, and the sale of non-core assets in the U.S. These decreases were further impacted by operational downtime due to maintenance activities in the North Sea, partially offset by increased drilling activity in the Permian Basin. 
 
 Purchased Oil and Gas Sales 
 Purchased oil and gas sales represent volumes primarily attributable to U.S. domestic oil and gas purchases that were sold by the Company to fulfill oil and natural gas takeaway obligations and delivery commitments. Sales related to these purchased volumes totaled 434 million and 229 million during the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 867 million and 612 million during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Purchased oil and gas sales were offset by associated purchase costs of 253 million and 211 million during the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 511 million and 558 million during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gross purchased oil and gas sales values were higher in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024 primarily driven by third-party purchase commitments as compared to the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023. 
 30 

Operating Expenses 
 The Company s operating expenses were as follows and include costs attributable to noncontrolling interests in Egypt: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Lease operating expenses 321 381 1,016 1,047 Gathering, processing, and transmission 78 83 237 231 Purchased oil and gas costs 253 211 511 558 Taxes other than income 41 56 137 153 Exploration 25 39 95 120 General and administrative 78 132 229 256 Transaction, reorganization, and separation 3 5 17 11 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization: Oil and gas property and equipment 411 366 1,161 993 Gathering, processing, and transmission assets 2 2 5 5 Other assets 5 9 19 26 Asset retirement obligation accretion 33 29 107 86 Impairments 1,111 1,111 46 Financing costs, net 20 40 79 131 Total Operating Expenses 2,381 1,353 4,724 3,663 
 Lease Operating Expenses (LOE) 
 LOE decreased 60 million and 31 million compared to the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively. On a per-unit basis, LOE decreased 2 percent and increased 7 percent in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024, respectively, from the comparative prior-year periods. The decrease in absolute LOE costs for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to the same prior-year periods was primarily driven by lower operating and labor costs in Egypt and the North Sea, and lower cash-based stock compensation expense resulting from changes in APA s stock price, partially offset by higher workover activity. 
 Gathering, Processing, and Transmission (GPT) 
 The Company s GPT expenses were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Third-party processing and transmission costs 78 59 216 157 Midstream service costs Kinetik 24 21 74 Total Gathering, processing, and transmission 
 78 83 237 231 
 GPT costs decreased 5 million and increased 6 million in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024, respectively, when compared to the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in GPT costs for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, was primarily driven by a decrease in natural gas and NGL production volumes in the North Sea. The increase in GPT costs for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by higher oil production volumes in the U.S., partially offset by lower natural gas and NGL production volumes. 
 31 

Purchased Oil and Gas Costs 
 Purchased oil and gas costs increased 42 million and decreased 47 million in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024, respectively, when compared to the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023. The increase in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by third-party purchase commitments, partially offset by lower average natural gas prices. The decrease in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by lower average natural gas prices. With widening margins under third-party gas agreements, purchased oil and gas costs were more than offset by associated sales to fulfill natural gas takeaway obligations and delivery commitments totaling 434 million and 867 million in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024, respectively, as discussed above. 
 Taxes Other Than Income 
 Taxes other than income decreased 15 million and 16 million from the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively, primarily from lower ad valorem taxes compared to the same prior-year periods. 
 Exploration Expenses 
 The Company s exploration expenses were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Unproved leasehold impairments 8 10 19 Dry hole expense 13 17 53 67 Geological and geophysical expense 1 1 2 2 Exploration overhead and other 11 13 30 32 Total Exploration 25 39 95 120 
 Exploration expenses decreased 14 million and 25 million from the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively, driven by lower dry hole expenses and unproved leasehold impairments compared to the prior-year periods. 
 General and Administrative (G A) Expenses 
 G A expenses decreased 54 million and 27 million from the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively. The decrease in G A expenses for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same prior-year periods was primarily driven by higher cash-based stock compensation expense in the 2023 period resulting from changes in APA s stock price, partially offset by higher overall labor costs across the Company. 
 Transaction, Reorganization, and Separation (TRS) Costs 
 TRS costs remained relatively flat in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and increased 6 million from the first nine months of 2023. Higher TRS costs in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 were primarily a result of higher separation costs in the North Sea compared to the prior-year period. 
 Depreciation, Depletion, and Amortization (DD A) 
 Total DD A expenses increased 41 million and 161 million from the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively, primarily driven by DD A on the Company s oil and gas properties. The Company s DD A rate on its oil and gas properties increased 3.11 per boe and 2.70 per boe from the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively. The increase in DD A on a per boe basis was driven by negative gas price-related reserve revisions in prior periods. Higher absolute dollar amount of DD A was driven primarily by higher capital expenditures incurred in the U.S. and Egypt. 
 Impairments 
 During the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded 1.1 billion of impairments, which includes 793 million of oil and gas property impairments in the North Sea, 315 million impairment of assets held for sale in the Permian Basin, and 3 million of inventory impairments in the North Sea. 
 During the first nine months of 2023, the Company recorded 46 million of impairments in connection with valuations of drilling and operations equipment inventory upon the Company s decision to suspend drilling operations in the North Sea. 
 32 

Financing Costs, Net 
 The Company s Financing costs were as follows: 
 For the Quarter Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Interest expense 71 71 214 220 Amortization of debt issuance costs 1 1 2 2 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 (9) Interest income (4) (2) (9) (7) Interest income from APA Corporation, net (48) (30) (128) (75) Total Financing costs, net 20 40 79 131 
 Net financing costs decreased 20 million and 52 million from the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023, respectively. The decrease in costs during the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024 was primarily a result of higher intercompany interest income from APA Corporation and lower interest expense from lower average long-term debt balances compared to the same prior-year periods. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The Company estimates its annual effective income tax rate in recording its quarterly provision for income taxes in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Non-cash impairments on the carrying value of the Company s oil and gas properties, gains and losses on the sale of assets, statutory tax rate changes, and other significant or unusual items are recognized as discrete items in the quarter in which they occur. 
 The Company s effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 percent due to taxes on foreign operations. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company s effective income tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 percent due to taxes on foreign operations and a decrease in the amount of valuation allowance against its U.S. deferred tax assets. The Company s effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 percent due to taxes on foreign operations, a deferred tax expense related to the remeasurement of taxes in the U.K. as a result of the enactment of Finance Act 2023, and a decrease in the amount of valuation allowance against its U.S. deferred tax assets. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). The IRA includes a new 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on applicable corporations with an average annual adjusted financial statement income that exceeds 1.0 billion for any three consecutive years preceding the tax year at issue. The CAMT is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company became an applicable corporation subject to CAMT beginning on January 1, 2024. On September 12, 2024, the U.S. Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service released proposed regulations relating to the application and implementation of CAMT. The Company is continuing to evaluate the proposed regulations and their effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development issued Pillar Two Model Rules introducing a new global minimum tax of 15 percent on a country-by-country basis, with certain aspects effective in certain jurisdictions on January 1, 2024. Although the Company continues to monitor enacted legislation to implement these rules in countries where the Company could be impacted, Apache does not expect that the Pillar Two framework will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income or capital taxes in various states and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s tax reserves are related to tax years that may be subject to examination by the relevant taxing authority. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company prepares its financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect reported amounts in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. The Company identifies certain accounting policies involving estimation as critical accounting estimates based on, among other things, their impact on the portrayal of the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, as well as the degree of difficulty, subjectivity, and 
 33 

complexity in their deployment. Critical accounting estimates address accounting matters that are inherently uncertain due to unknown future resolution of such matters. Management routinely discusses the development, selection, and disclosure of each critical accounting estimate. For a discussion of the Company s most critical accounting estimates, please see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Some of the more significant estimates include reserve estimates, oil and gas exploration costs, offshore decommissioning contingency, long-lived asset impairments, asset retirement obligations, and income taxes. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2024-03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40), which expands disclosures around a public entity s costs and expenses of specific items (i.e. employee compensation, DD A), requires the inclusion of amounts that are required to be disclosed under GAAP in the same disclosure as other disaggregation requirements, requires qualitative descriptions of amounts remaining in expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively, and requires disclosure of total selling expenses, and in annual periods, the definition of selling expenses. The amendment does not change or remove existing disclosure requirements. The amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods with fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted, and the amendment can be adopted prospectively or retrospectively to any or all periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this standard. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Omitted. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 John J. Christmann IV, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in his capacity as principal executive officer, and Stephen J. Riney, the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer, in his capacity as principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation and as of the date of that evaluation, these officers concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, providing effective means to ensure that the information the Company is required to disclose under applicable laws and regulations is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 The Company periodically reviews the design and effectiveness of its disclosure controls, including compliance with various laws and regulations that apply to its operations, both inside and outside the United States. The Company makes modifications to improve the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls, and may take other corrective action, if the Company s reviews identify deficiencies or weaknesses in its controls. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 34 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Refer to Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (which is hereby incorporated by reference herein), for a description of material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Given the nature of its business, APA Corporation may be subject to different or additional risks than those applicable to the Company. For a description of these risks, refer to the disclosures in APA Corporation s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2024 and APA Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

35 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 SEC File No. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated March 1, 2021, as attached as Annex A to the Certificate of Merger of APA Merger Sub, Inc. with and into Registrant, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 1, 2021. 
 8-K 3.1 
 3/1/2021 
 001-04300 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated June 7, 2021, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 10, 2021. 
 8-K 3.1 
 6/14/2021 
 001-04300 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant, dated March 1, 2021 . 
 8-K 3.2 
 3/1/2021 
 001-04300 
 31.1 Certification (pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act) by Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Certification (pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act) by Principal Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Statement of Consolidated Operations, (ii) Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheet, (v) Statement of Consolidated Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interests and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 36 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 APACHE CORPORATION Dated: November 7, 2024 /s/ STEPHEN J. RINEY Stephen J. Riney President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: November 7, 2024 /s/ REBECCA A. HOYT Rebecca A. Hoyt Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 apache2024q3-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, John J. Christmann IV, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Apache Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s John J. Christmann IV John J. Christmann IV Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 apache2024q3-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Stephen J. Riney, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Apache Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Stephen J. Riney Stephen J. Riney President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 apache2024q3-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 APACHE CORPORATION 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 and Principal Financial Officer 
 I, John J. Christmann IV, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Apache Corporation for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and that information contained in such report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Apache Corporation. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s John J. Christmann IV By John J. Christmann IV Title Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 I, Stephen J. Riney, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Apache Corporation for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o (d)) and that information contained in such report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Apache Corporation. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Stephen J. Riney By Stephen J. Riney Title President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 apa-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 apa-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 apa-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 apa-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 apa-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

