<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1512499_0001437749-24-033357.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6449455</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107854</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1035802</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2254618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1422163</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1464479</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-033357.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105163321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-033357
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512499
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				274749725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35898
		FILM NUMBER:		241428020

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 MORTON STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-261-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		96 MORTON STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capitol Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-033357.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 lindb20240930c_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

lindb20240930c_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 4, 2024, shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were outstanding. 

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 

Quarterly Report On Form 10-Q 
 For The Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page(s) 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Three and N ine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the N ine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 

ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 

ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 

ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 

ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 32 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 32 

ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 34 

PART 1. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 ASSETS 
 Current Assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Goodwill 
 Intangibles, net 
 Other long-term assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES 
 Current Liabilities: 
 Unearned passenger revenues 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Lease liabilities - current 
 Long-term debt - current 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies - - 
 Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock, 165,000 shares authorized; 62,000 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; 62,000 Series A shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 54,495,338 and 53,390,082 issued, 54,363,515 and 53,332,150 outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total stockholders' deficit 
 Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (unaudited) 

For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 
 Tour revenues 
 
 Operating expenses: 
 Cost of tours 
 General and administrative 
 Selling and marketing 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 Operating income 
 
 Other (expense) income: 
 Interest expense, net 
 Gain (loss) on foreign currency 
 Other income (expense) 
 Total other expense 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. 
 Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock dividend 
 
 Net income (loss) available to stockholders 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Undistributed income (loss) per share available to stockholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income: 
 Total other comprehensive income 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 Less: comprehensive income attributive to non-controlling interest 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders' 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 Stock-based compensation - - 
 Net activity related to equity compensation plans - 
 Issuance of stock for acquisition 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - 
 Series A preferred stock dividend - - - 
 Net income attributable to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc - 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders' 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Stock-based compensation - 
 Net activity related to equity compensation plans - 
 Issuance of stock for acquisition 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - 
 Series A preferred stock dividend - 
 Net loss attributable to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc - 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 

4

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders' 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 Stock-based compensation - 
 Net activity related to equity compensation plans - 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - 
 Series A preferred shares dividend - 
 Net income attributable to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. - 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Total Stockholders' 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Stock-based compensation - - 
 Net activity related to equity compensation plans - 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - 
 Series A preferred shares dividend - 
 Net loss attributable to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. - 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 Net loss 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and other, net 
 Amortization of right-to-use lease assets 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Loss (gain) on foreign currency 
 Write-off of unamortized issuance costs related to debt refinancing 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Unearned passenger revenues 
 Other long-term assets 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 Purchases of property and equipment 
 Acquisition (net of cash acquired) 
 Sale of securities 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 Purchase of redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Proceeds from long-term debt 
 Repayments of long-term debt 
 Payment of deferred financing costs 
 Repurchase under stock-based compensation plans and related tax impacts 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
 Cash paid during the period: 
 Interest 
 Income taxes 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Non-cash preferred stock dividend 
 Shares issued in connection with acquisition 
 Additional paid-in capital exercise proceeds of option shares 
 Additional paid-in capital exchange proceeds used for option shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6

Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

reportable business segments: 
 
 Lindblad Segment. The Lindblad segment currently operates a fleet of ten owned expedition ships and six seasonal charter vessels, and primarily provides ship-based expeditions aboard these customized, nimble and intimately-scaled vessels that are able to venture where larger cruise ships cannot, thus allowing Lindblad to offer up-close experiences in the planet s wild and remote places and capitals of culture. Each expedition ship is fully equipped with state-of-the-art tools for in-depth exploration and the majority of expeditions involve travel to remote places with limited infrastructure and ports, such as Antarctica and the Arctic, or places that are best accessed by a ship, such as the Gal pagos Islands, Alaska, Baja California s Sea of Cortez and Panama, and foster active engagement by guests. The Company has a brand license agreement with National Geographic Partners, LLC National Geographic ), where the Company s voyages are marketed under the National Geographic-Lindblad Expeditions brand, and provides for lecturers and National Geographic experts, including photographers, writers, marine biologists, naturalists, field researchers and film crews, to join many of the Company s expeditions. 
 
 Land Experiences Segment. The Land Experiences segment operates land-based, eco-conscious expeditions and active nature focused tours, and includes the five primarily land-based brands, Natural Habitat, Inc. Natural Habitat ), Off the Beaten Path, LLC Off the Beaten Path ), DuVine Cycling + Adventure Company DuVine ), Classic Journeys, LLC Classic Journeys ), and Wineland-Thomson Adventures comprised of Wineland-Thomson Adventures, LLC Thomson Safaris ), Nature Discovery Ltd Nature Discovery ), and the Ngorongoro lodge and farm under the Ngorongoro Safari Lodge Ltd Gibb s Farm ). 
 
 Natural Habitat offers over 100 different expedition itineraries in more than 45 countries spanning all seven continents, with eco-conscious expeditions and nature-focused, small-group tours that include polar bear tours in Churchill, Canada, Alaskan grizzly bear adventures, small-group Gal pagos Islands tours and African safaris. Natural Habitat has partnered with World Wildlife Fund WWF to offer conservation travel, which is sustainable travel that contributes to the protection of nature and wildlife. 
 
 Off the Beaten Path offers active small-group adventures, led by local, experienced guides, with distinct focus on wildlife, hiking national parks and culture. Off the Beaten Path offerings include insider national park experiences in the Rocky Mountains, Desert Southwest, and Alaska, as well as unique trips across Central and South America, Oceania, Europe and Africa. 
 
 DuVine offers intimate group cycling and adventure tours around the world with local cycling experts as guides, immersive in local cultural, cuisine and high-quality accommodations. International cycling tours include the exotic Costa Rican rainforests, the rocky coasts of Ireland and the vineyards of Spain, while cycling adventures in the United States include cycling beneath the California redwoods, pedaling through Vermont farmland, and wine tastings in the world-class vineyards of Napa and Sonoma. 
 
 Classic Journeys offers highly curated active small-group and private custom journeys centered around cinematic walks led by expert local guides in over 50 countries around the world. These walking tours are highlighted by expert local guides, luxury boutique accommodations, and handcrafted itineraries that immerse guests into the history and culture of the places they are exploring and the people who live there. 

Wineland-Thomson Adventures offers socially responsible and positively impactful light-treading Tanzanian safaris, industry-leading Kilimanjaro treks, global custom and private tours, and family travel experiences. Wineland-Thomson Adventures also operates the historic award-winning Gibb s Farm, an 80 -acre sanctuary and high-end lodge located near the Ngorongoro Crater. 

Preferred Stock ). Under the two -class method, undistributed earnings available to stockholders for the period are allocated on a pro rata basis to the common stockholders and to the holders of the Preferred Stock based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and number of shares that could be issued upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. 
 
 Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and, if dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of the dilutive incremental common shares associated with restricted stock awards and shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, using the treasury stock method, and the potential common shares that could be issued from conversion of the Preferred Stock, using the if-converted method. When a net loss occurs, potential common shares have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share and such shares are excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred net losses available to stockholders, therefore basic and diluted net loss per share are the same in each respective period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million unvested restricted shares, million shares issuable upon exercise of options and million common shares issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock were excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares for the period as they were anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, 0.8 million unvested restricted shares, million shares issuable upon exercise of options and million common shares issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock were excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares for the period as they were anti-dilutive. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, million common shares issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock were excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares for the period as they were anti-dilutive. 
 
 Loss per share was calculated as follows: 

Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock dividend 
 Undistributed income (loss) available to stockholders 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: 
 Total weighted average shares outstanding, basic 
 Dilutive potential common shares 
 Dilutive potential options 
 Dilutive potential redeemable convertible preferred shares 
 Total weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 
 
 Undistributed income (loss) per share available to stockholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

of time, to cancel their reservation and receive a full refund. In conjunction with the previous suspension or rescheduling of expeditions, the Company provided guests an option of either a refund or future travel certificates, which in some instances the future travel credit exceeded the original cash deposit. The value of future travel certificates in excess of cash received is being recognized as a discount to tour revenues at the time the related expedition occurs. Future travel certificates are valued based on the Company s expectation that a guest will travel again. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has million and million, related to unearned passenger revenue, respectively. 
 
 The change in contract liabilities within unearned passenger revenues presented in the Company's consolidated balance sheets are as follows: 

Recognized in tour revenues during the period 
 Additional contract liabilities in period 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The following tables disaggregate each reportable segment s tour revenues by the sales channel it was derived from: 

Agencies 
 Affinity 
 Guest ticket revenue 
 Other tour revenue 
 Tour revenues 

For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 
 Land Experiences Segment 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 (unaudited) (unaudited) 
 Guest ticket revenue: 
 Direct 
 Agencies 
 Affinity 
 Guest ticket revenue 
 Other tour revenue 
 Tour revenues 

(a) Under the brand license agreement between the Company and National Geographic, effective January 1, 2024, National Geographic no longer receives commissions on sales bookings through the former National Geographic sales channel as the co-selling arrangement operates as direct sales through the Company s booking system. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the National Geographic sales channel accounted for million and million, respectively, of the Company s consolidated guest ticket revenue. In the table above, 2023 guest ticket revenues derived through the previous National Geographic sales channel have been classified as direct sales for comparison purposes. 

Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as presented in the statement of cash flows 

Restricted cash consists of the following: 

Federal Maritime Commission and other escrow 
 Certificates of deposit and other restricted securities 
 Total restricted cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets are as follows: 

Other 
 Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses are as follows: 

Accounts payable 
 Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Change in goodwill: 

Acquisitions (a) 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 

(a) Increase to goodwill relates to the Company's July 31, 2024 acquisition of Wineland-Thomson Adventures. For additional information, see Note 11 Acquisition. 

9.00 Notes 
 Other 
 Total long-term debt 
 Less current portion 
 Total long-term debt, non-current 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, of deferred financing costs were charged to interest expense, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , million and million, respectively, of deferred financing costs were charged to interest expense. 
 
 6.75 Notes 
 
 On February 4, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2027 (the 6.75 Notes in a private offering. The 6.75 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.75 per year, payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 6.75 Notes will mature on February 15, 2027, subject to earlier repurchase or redemption. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to prepay in full all outstanding borrowings under its prior credit agreement, including the term facility, Main Street Loan, and revolving credit facility, to pay any related premiums and to terminate in full its prior credit agreement and the commitments thereunder. The 6.75 Notes are senior secured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries (collectively, the Guarantors and secured by first -priority pari passu liens, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions, on substantially all the assets of the Company and the Guarantors. The 6.75 Notes may be redeemed by the Company, at set redemption prices and premiums, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On February 4, 2022, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), which provides for an aggregate principal amount of commitments of million, maturing February 2027, including a letter of credit sub-facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company, and the Guarantors and are secured by first -priority pari passu liens, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions, on substantially all the assets of the Company and the Guarantors. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, if any, will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, an adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a spread or a base rate plus a spread. The Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 9.00 Notes 
 
 On May 2, 2023, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028 (the 9.00 Notes in a private offering. The 9.00 Notes bear interest at a rate of 9.00 per year, payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The 9.00 Notes will mature on May 15, 2028, subject to earlier repurchase or redemption. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to prepay in full all outstanding borrowings under its prior senior secured credit agreements, to pay any related premiums and to terminate in full its prior senior secured credit agreements and the commitments thereunder. The 9.00 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed (i) on a senior secured basis by certain of the Company s subsidiaries (collectively, the Secured Guarantors and secured by a first -priority lien, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions, on the equity and substantially all the assets of the Secured Guarantors, and (ii) on a senior unsecured basis by certain other subsidiaries of the Company. The 9.00 Notes may be redeemed by the Company, at set redemption prices and premiums, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The Company s 6.75 Notes, Revolving Credit Facility and 9.00 Notes contain covenants that include, among others, limits on additional indebtedness and make certain dividend payments, distributions, investments and other restricted payments. 

These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. The Company was in compliance with its covenants in effect as of September 30, 2024. 

million based on the terms of the agreements and comparable market data as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no other significant liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

million in November 2016. The Repurchase Plan authorizes the Company to purchase, from time to time, the Company s outstanding common stock and previously outstanding warrants. Any shares purchased will be retired. The Repurchase Plan has no time deadline and will continue until otherwise modified or terminated at the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. These repurchases exclude shares repurchased to settle statutory employee tax withholding related to the exercise of stock options and vesting of stock awards. No shares were repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has cumulatively repurchased shares of common stock for million and warrants for million, since plan inception. The remaining balance for the Repurchase Plan was million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 In August 2020, the Company issued and sold shares of Preferred Stock for per share for gross proceeds of million. The Preferred Stock has senior and preferential ranking to the Company s common stock. The Preferred Stock is entitled to cumulative dividends of per annum, and for the first two years the dividends were required to be paid-in-kind. After the second anniversary of the issuance date, the dividends may be paid-in-kind or be paid in cash at the Company s option. During 2024, the Company has continued to pay Preferred Stock dividends in-kind. At any time, the Company may, at its option, convert all, but not less than all, of the Preferred Stock into common stock if the closing price of shares of common stock is at least 150 of the conversion price for 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. The Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, at the holder s election, into a number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the then-current accrued value by the conversion price of . The Preferred Stock deferred issuance costs were million as of September 30, 2024, recorded as reduction to preferred stock. The Company recorded accrued dividends for Preferred Stock of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the shares of Preferred Stock outstanding and accumulated dividends could be converted into million shares of the Company s common stock. 

million shares of common stock under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan the Plan which was approved by shareholders in September 2021. As of September 30, 2024, million shares were available to be granted under the Plan. 
 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company awarded restricted stock units RSUs with a weighted average grant price of . The RSUs will primarily vest equally over three years on the anniversary of the grant date, subject to the recipient s continued employment or service with the Company on the applicable vesting date. The number of shares were determined based upon the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of the award. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company awarded performance-based restricted share units PSUs with a weighted average grant price of . The PSUs generally vest three years following the date of grant based on the attainment of performance- or market-based goals, all of which are subject to a service condition. The Company does not deliver the shares associated with the PSUs to the employee, non-employee director or other service providers until the performance and vesting conditions are met. 
 
 Options 
 
 Stock option information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is below. 

Exercise price - 
 Dividend yield 
 Expected Volatility - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Expected term (in years) - 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, options to purchase an aggregate of million and million shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, with a weighted average exercise price of and , respectively, were outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, million options were exercisable. 
 
 In connection with the 2016 acquisition of Natural Habitat, Mr. Bressler s employment agreement, as amended, provides Mr. Bressler, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Natural Habitat, with an equity incentive opportunity to earn an award of options based on the future financial performance of Natural Habitat, where if the final year equity value of Natural Habitat, as defined in Mr. Bressler's employment agreement, as amended, exceeds million, effective as of December 31, 2025, Mr. Bressler will be granted options with a fair value equal to of such excess, subject to certain conditions. The actual number of options granted will be determined by the calculated final year equity value of Natural Habitat and the Black-Scholes per share option value, factoring in the Company s stock price on the date of the grant, its volatility and an appropriate risk-free rate. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, Mr. Bressler exercised a one -time right to elect to receive of such award early, which was calculated based on performance through December 31, 2023. As of result of the early exercise, during the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company granted million options, with an exercise price of , to Mr. Bressler. The options vested on the grant date and have a term of ten years. In 2023, the Company determined it was probable the performance condition would be met related to this award and recorded all expense related to it. The performance condition related to the remaining equity incentive opportunity through December 31, 2025 was also deemed probable in 2023 and is being expensed over Mr. Bressler s service period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock-based compensation expense related to this award was million and million, respectively. 

unrecognized tax benefits recorded. The Company's effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a benefit of and an expense of , respectively, versus an expense of and , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. In 2024, the effective income tax expense differs from the statutory rate primarily due to the timing of losses and the valuation allowance against such losses; temporary timing differences related to interest expense, depreciation and stock-based compensation expense. In 2023, the effective income tax expense differs from the statutory rate primarily due to the valuation allowance, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was also impacted by a million discrete tax expense. 

Since the redemption of the noncontrolling interests are not solely in the Company s control, the Company is required to record the redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of stockholders equity but after its total liabilities. In addition, if it is probable that the instrument will become redeemable, solely due to the passage of time, the redeemable noncontrollable interest should be adjusted to the redemption value via one of two measurement methods. The Company elected the income classification-excess adjustment and accretion methods for recognizing changes in the redemption value of the put options. Under this methodology, a calculation of the present value of the redemption value is compared to the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest, and the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest is adjusted to the redemption value s present value. Any adjustments to the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest, up to the redemption value of the noncontrolling interest, are classified to retained earnings. Adjustments in excess of the redemption value of the noncontrolling interest are treated as a decrease to net income available to common stockholders. 
 
 During April 2024, Mr. Bressler exercised a portion of the put option on Natural Habitat, allowing the Company to acquire an additional of Natural Habitat for million, increasing its ownership to . Additionally, during April 2024, the Company exercised a portion of its call option on DuVine, acquiring an additional of the business and increasing its total ownership of DuVine to , for million. 
 
 The redemption value of the put options were determined using a discounted cash flow model. The redemption values were adjusted to their present value using the Company s weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 The following is a rollforward of redeemable non-controlling interest: 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 Redemption value adjustment of put option 
 Distribution 
 Redemption of put and/or call options 
 Ending balance 

Brand License Agreement National Geographic 
 
 The Company is party to a brand license agreement with National Geographic, effective January 1, 2024, which includes a co-selling and co-marketing arrangement through which National Geographic promotes the Company s offerings in its marketing campaigns across web-based, email, print and other marketing platforms and distributes the Company s expeditions through the Disney Signature Experiences platform and also allows the Company to use the National Geographic name and logo. In return for these rights, the Company is charged a royalty fee, which is included within selling and marketing expense. The fee is calculated based upon a percentage of substantially all ticket revenues, less travel agent commission, including the revenues received from cancellation fees and any revenues received from the sale of pre- and post-expedition extensions. Beginning in 2026, the agreement has minimum royalties that increase annually through the end of the agreement term, which based on current performance are expected to be exceeded. In 2023, the Company operated under its former alliance and license agreement with National Geographic, where National Geographic sold the Company s expeditions through its internal travel division in return for a commission fee and also allowed the Company to use the National Geographic name and logo in return for a royalty fee. Both the commission and royalty fees were recorded within selling and marketing expense. 
 
 Charter Commitments 
 
 From time to time, the Company enters into agreements to charter vessels onto which it holds its tours and expeditions. Future minimum payments on its charter agreements as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 Total 

Other 
 
 The Company has an agreement for the acquisition of Torcatt Enterprises Limitada, a holding company that operates two vessels in the Gal pagos Islands, for million. The acquisition is expected to close in January 2025. 

adventure travel brands, including Tanzania safari specialists Thomson Safaris, with more than 40 years of experience in the country. In addition to its adventure travel brands, the acquisition includes Tanzania operators, Gibb s Farm lodge, an 80 -acre sanctuary for the senses located near the Ngorongoro Crater, the operator of Kilimanjaro treks Nature Discovery, which has more than 30 years of experience, and Thomson Safaris Limited. The aggregate purchase price for Thomson Safaris and the Tanzanian Companies was million, consisting of million in cash and million in Lindblad common stock, representing shares. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company has the option to acquire Tanzania Conservation Limited. 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for under purchase accounting and is included in the consolidated results from the acquisition date. Acquisition related costs were million and are included in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The purchase accounting valuations of the acquired intangibles is ongoing and has not been completed as of the date of this report, therefore intangibles and goodwill are subject to change as valuations are finalized. The Company recorded million in goodwill related to the acquisition. Following are pro forma revenue and net loss available to stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, assuming the Company had completed the acquisition on January 1, 2023: 

Net income (loss) available to stockholders 

reportable segments, Lindblad and Land Experiences. The Company evaluates the performance of the business based largely on the results of its operating segments. The chief operating decision maker and management review operating results monthly and base operating decisions on the total results at a consolidated level, as well as at a segment level. The reports provided to the Board of Directors are at a consolidated level and contain information regarding the separate results of both segments. 
 
 The Company evaluates the performance of its business segments based largely on tour revenues and operating income without allocating other income and expenses, net, income taxes and interest expense, net. Operating results for the Company s reportable segments were as follows: 

Land Experiences 
 Total tour revenues 
 Operating income: 
 Lindblad 
 Land Experiences 
 Operating income 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was million and million, respectively, of intercompany tour revenues between the Lindblad and Land Experiences reportable segments, which were eliminated in consolidation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there was million and million, respectively, of intercompany tour revenues between the Lindblad and Land Experiences reportable segments, which were eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization are included in segment operating income as shown below: 

Land Experiences 
 Total depreciation and amortization 

The following table presents total assets, intangibles, net and goodwill by segment: 

Land Experiences 
 Total assets 
 
 Intangibles, net: 
 Lindblad 
 Land Experiences 
 Total intangibles, net 
 
 Goodwill: 
 Lindblad 
 Land Experiences 
 Total goodwill 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

The following discussion and analysis addresses material changes in the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q ), as well as the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 6, 2024 (the 2023 Annual Report ). Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Form 10-Q, Company, Lindblad, we, us, our, and ours refer to Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc., and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Any statements in this Form 10-Q about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, prospects, financial condition, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expects, estimates, projects, positioned, strategy, outlook and similar words. You should read the statements that contain these types of words carefully. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. There may be events in the future that we are not able to predict accurately or over which we have no control. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

adverse general economic factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of interest rates, taxes, inflation, unemployment and perceptions of these and similar conditions that decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence that negatively impact the ability or desire of people to travel; 

suspended operations, cancelling or rescheduling of voyages and other potential disruptions to our business and operations related to potential health pandemics, the civil unrest in Ecuador, the Israel-Hamas war, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, political unrest, terrorism, war, the impact of the November 2024 U.S. Presidential election, the denial and/or unavailability of ports of call, or another unexpected event in destinations we visit; 

events and conditions around the world, including war and other military actions, such as the civil unrest in Ecuador, the Israel-Hamas war, the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, inflation, higher fuel prices, higher interest rates and other general concerns about the state of the economy or other events impacting the ability or desire of people to travel; 

increases in fuel prices, changes in fuels consumed and availability of fuel supply in the geographies in which we operate or in general; 

the loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified shoreside and shipboard employees and increased labor costs; 

the impact of delays or cost overruns with respect to anticipated or unanticipated drydock, maintenance, modifications or other required construction related to any of our vessels; 

unscheduled disruptions in our business due to civil unrest, travel restrictions, weather events, mechanical failures, pandemics or other events; 

changes adversely affecting the business in which we are engaged; 

management of our growth and our ability to execute on our planned growth, including our ability to successfully close merger and acquisition transactions and integrate acquisitions; 

our business strategy and plans; 

18

our ability to maintain our relationships with National Geographic and/or World Wildlife Fund; 

compliance with new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental regulations and travel advisories and restrictions; 

our substantial indebtedness and our ability to remain in compliance with the financial and/or operating covenants in such arrangements; 

the impact of material litigation, enforcement actions, claims, fines or penalties on our business; 

the impact of severe or unusual weather conditions, including climate change, on our business; 

adverse publicity regarding the travel and cruise industry in general; 

loss of business due to competition; 

the inability to meet or achieve our sustainability related goals, aspirations, initiatives, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them; 

the result of future financing efforts; 

our common stock ranks junior to our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to dividends and amounts payable in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs; and 

those risks discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report. 

We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or uncertainties after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 We provide expedition cruising and land-based adventure travel fostering a spirit of exploration and discovery, using itineraries featuring up-close encounters with wildlife and nature, history and culture and promote guest empowerment, human connections and interactivity. Our mission is to offer life-changing adventures around the world and pioneer innovative ways to allow our guests to connect with exotic and remote places. 
 
 We currently operate a fleet of ten owned expedition ships and operate six seasonal charter vessels. Each expedition ship is fully equipped with state-of-the-art tools for in-depth exploration, and the majority of our expeditions involve travel to remote places, such as voyages to Alaska, the Arctic, Antarctic, the Gal pagos Islands, Baja s Sea of Cortez, the South Pacific, Costa Rica and Panama. We have a longstanding relationship with the National Geographic Society dating back to 2004, which is based on a shared interest in exploration, research, technology and conservation. This relationship, which was recently expanded and extended in November 2023 to the end of 2040 through a Brand License Agreement with National Geographic Partners, LLC National Geographic ), includes a co-selling, co-marketing and global branding arrangement whereby National Geographic promotes our offerings in its marketing campaigns across web-based, email, print and other marketing platforms and distributes our expeditions through the Disney Signature Experiences platform under the National Geographic-Lindblad Expeditions brand, and our owned vessels carry the National Geographic name. We collaborate with National Geographic on voyage planning to enhance the guest experience by having National Geographic experts, including photographers, writers, marine biologists, naturalists, field researchers and film crews, join our expeditions. Guests are able to interact with these experts through lectures, excursions, dining and other experiences throughout their voyage. 
 
 We operate land-based nature adventure travel expeditions around the globe, with unique itineraries designed to offer intimate encounters with nature and the planet s wild destinations and the animals and people who live there. 
 
 Natural Habitat, Inc. Natural Habitat provides eco-conscious expeditions and nature-focused, small-group experiences that include polar bear tours in Churchill, Canada, Alaskan grizzly bear adventures, small-group Gal pagos Islands tours and African safaris. Natural Habitat has partnered with World Wildlife Fund WWF to offer conservation travel, which is sustainable travel that contributes to the protection of nature and wildlife. 

19

Off the Beaten Path, LLC Off the Beaten Path provides small group travel, led by local, experienced guides, with distinct focus on wildlife, hiking national parks and culture. Off the Beaten Path offerings include insider national park experiences in the Rocky Mountains, Desert Southwest, and Alaska, as well as unique trips across Central and South America, Oceania, Europe and Africa. 
 
 DuVine Cycling + Adventure Company DuVine provides intimate cycling adventures and travel experiences, led by expert guides, with a focus on connecting with local character and culture, including high-quality local cuisine and accommodations. International cycling tours include the exotic Costa Rican rainforests, the rocky coasts of Ireland and the vineyards of Spain, while cycling adventures in the United States include cycling beneath the California redwoods, pedaling through Vermont farmland and wine tastings in the world-class vineyards of Napa and Sonoma. 
 
 Classic Journeys, LLC Classic Journeys offers highly curated active small-group and private custom journeys centered around cinematic walks led by expert local guides in over 50 countries around the world. These walking tours are highlighted by luxury boutique accommodations, and handcrafted itineraries that immerse guests into the history and culture of the places they are exploring and the people who live there. 
 
 Wineland-Thomson Adventures, consisting of Wineland-Thomson Adventures, LLC Thomson Safaris ), Nature Discovery Ltd Nature Discovery and the Ngorongoro Safari Lodge Ltd Gibb s Farm ), provides global custom and private tours, family travel experiences, socially responsible and positively impactful light-treading Tanzanian safaris with expert local wildlife guides providing exceptional insight, treks to the summit of Kilimanjaro, the Roof of Africa, with 30 years of experience and a commitment to environmental and social responsibility, and high-end lodging at the award-winning Gibb s Farm, an 80-acre sanctuary located near the Ngorongoro Crater. 
 
 We operate two segments consisting of (i) the Lindblad segment, which consists of the operations of our Lindblad brand, and (ii) the Land Experiences segment, consisting of our Natural Habitat, DuVine, Off the Beaten Path, Classic Journeys and Wineland-Thomson Adventures brands. 
 
 2024 Highlights 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we provided immersive expeditions to our guests across all our ships including voyages to Alaska, Antarctica, the Arctic, Baja California s Sea of Cortez, British Columbia, the Channel Islands, the Gal pagos Islands, Greece, Greenland, Iceland, the Northwest Passage, the Pacific Northwest, Patagonia, Spain, South Georgia and the Falkland Islands, Central America, Australia, New Zealand, the South Pacific and elsewhere. Our Land Experiences guests traveled on adventures to locations such as our Alaska Bear Camps, Costa Rica, the Amazon, Brazil s Pantanal, Mexico, China, Iceland, India, Sri Lanka, Borneo, Bhutan, Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Botswana, South Africa and Madagascar, Portugal, Italy, the Cotswold s, Croatia, France, Spain, Alaska, Yellowstone National Park and Canyons Southwest USA. 
 
 During April 2024, we increased our ownership of Natural Habitat to 90.1 for 15.2 million, as Mr. Bressler, President of Natural Habitat, exercised a portion of his put option, and we exercised a portion of our call option on DuVine, increasing our ownership to 75 for 1.5 million. 
 
 During June 2024, we announced an agreement for the acquisition of Torcatt Enterprises Limitada, a holding company that operates two vessels in the Gal pagos Islands, for 17.0 million. The acquisition will expand our vessels and guest capacity in one of our core markets. We expect the acquisition to close in January 2025. 
 
 On July 31, 2024, we acquired Wineland-Thomson Adventures, Inc., and other related entities, Wineland-Thomson Adventures to further expand our land-based experiential travel offerings and increase our addressable market, for 24.0 million in cash and 6.0 million in Lindblad common stock, representing 682,593 shares. Wineland-Thomson Adventures consists of four adventure travel brands, including the respected Tanzania safari specialists Thomson Safaris, with more than 40 years of experience in the country, was founded on the principles of quality and integrity, with the goal of leading socially responsible and positively impactful light-treading safari tours. In addition to its adventure travel brands, the acquisition includes three leading Tanzania tour operators, the historic award-winning Gibb s Farm lodge, an 80-acre sanctuary for the senses located near the Ngorongoro Crater, the industry-leading operator of Kilimanjaro treks Nature Discovery, Limited, which has more than 30 years of experience and is the recommended Tanzanian partner for over 20 specialist trekking and safari travel agents around the world, and Thomson Safaris Limited. 
 
 Bookings to date for future travel increased 26 vs the same period in 2023. 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition are organized as follows : 

a description of certain line items and operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business; 

20

results and a comparable discussion of our consolidated and segment results of operations; 

a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources; and 

a review of our critical accounting policies. 

Financial Presentation 
 
 Description of Certain Line Items 
 
 Tour revenues 
 
 Tour revenues consist of the following: 

Guest ticket revenues recognized from the sale of guest tickets and hotel lodgings; and 

Other tour revenues from the sale of pre- or post-expedition excursions, hotel accommodations, air transportation to and from the ships and excursions, goods and services rendered onboard that are not included in guest ticket prices, trip insurance, and cancellation fees. 

Cost of tours 
 
 Cost of tours includes the following: 

Direct costs associated with revenues, including cost of pre- or post-expedition excursions, hotel accommodations, and land-based expeditions, air and other transportation expenses, and cost of goods and services rendered onboard; 

Payroll costs and related expenses for shipboard and expedition personnel; 

Food costs for guests and crew, including complimentary food and beverage amenities for guests; 

Fuel costs and related costs of delivery, storage and safe disposal of waste; and 

Other tour expenses, such as land costs, port costs, repairs and maintenance, equipment expense, drydock, ship insurance, and charter hire costs. 

Selling and marketing 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses include commissions, royalties and a broad range of advertising and promotional expenses. 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses include the cost of shoreside vessel support, reservations and other administrative functions, including salaries and related benefits, credit card commissions, professional fees and rent. 
 
 Operational and Financial Metrics 
 
 We use a variety of operational and financial metrics, including non-GAAP financial measures, such as Adjusted EBITDA, Net Yields, Occupancy and Net Cruise Costs, to enable us to analyze our performance and financial condition. We utilize these financial measures to manage our business on a day-to-day basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of performance. Some of these measures are commonly used in the cruise and tourism industry to evaluate performance. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded insight to assess revenue and cost performance, in addition to the standard GAAP-based financial measures. There are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-GAAP measures, and as such, they may not be comparable to measures used by other companies within the industry. 
 
 The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. You should read this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto also included within. 

21

Adjusted EBITDA is net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, net interest expense, other income (expense), income tax (expense) benefit, (gain) loss on foreign currency, (gain) loss on transfer of assets, reorganization costs, and other supplemental adjustments. Other supplemental adjustments include certain non-operating items such as stock-based compensation, executive severance costs, the debt refinancing costs, acquisition-related expenses and other non-recurring charges. We believe Adjusted EBITDA, when considered along with other performance measures, is a useful measure as it reflects certain operating drivers of the business, such as sales growth, operating costs, selling and administrative expense, and other operating income and expense. We believe Adjusted EBITDA helps provide a more complete understanding of the underlying operating results and trends and an enhanced overall understanding of our financial performance and prospects for the future. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income as it does not take into account certain requirements, such as unearned passenger revenues, capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and interest payments, and tax payments. Our use of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other companies within the industry. 
 
 The following metrics apply to our Lindblad segment: 
 
 Adjusted Net Cruise Cost represents Net Cruise Cost adjusted for non-GAAP other supplemental adjustments which include certain non-operating items such as stock-based compensation, the National Geographic fee amortization, and acquisition-related expenses. 
 
 Available Guest Nights is a measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin (except single occupancy for a single capacity cabin) multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. We also record the number of guest nights available on our limited land programs in this definition. 
 
 Gross Cruise Cost represents the sum of cost of tours plus, selling and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Gross Yield per Available Guest Night represents tour revenues less insurance proceeds divided by Available Guest Nights. 
 
 Guest Nights Sold represents the number of guests carried for the period multiplied by the number of nights sailed within the period. 
 
 Maximum Guests is a measure of capacity and represents the maximum number of guests in a period and is based on double occupancy per cabin (except single occupancy for a single capacity cabin). 
 
 Net Cruise Cost represents Gross Cruise Cost excluding commissions and certain other direct costs of guest ticket revenues and other tour revenues. 
 
 Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel represents Net Cruise Cost excluding fuel costs. 
 
 Net Yield represents tour revenues less insurance proceeds, commissions and direct costs of other tour revenues. 
 
 Net Yield per Available Guest Night represents Net Yield divided by Available Guest Nights. 
 
 Number of Guests represents the number of guests that travel with us in a period. 
 
 Occupancy is calculated by dividing Guest Nights Sold by Available Guest Nights. 
 
 Voyages represent the number of ship expeditions completed during the period. 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 The U.S. dollar and Tanzanian shilling are the functional currencies in our foreign operations and re-measurement adjustments and gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are recorded as foreign exchange gains or losses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Traditionally, our Lindblad brand tour revenues are mildly seasonal, historically larger in the first and third quarters. The seasonality of our operating results fluctuates due primarily to our vessels being taken out of service for scheduled maintenance or drydocking, which is typically during nonpeak demand periods, in the second and fourth quarters. Our drydock schedules are subject to cost and timing differences from year-to-year due to the availability of shipyards for certain work, drydock locations based on 

22

ship itineraries, operating conditions experienced especially in the polar regions and the applicable regulations of class societies in the maritime industry, which require periodically more extensive reviews. Drydocking impacts operating results by reducing tour revenues and increasing cost of tours. Our Natural Habitat, Off the Beaten Path, DuVine, Classic Journeys and Wineland-Thomson Adventures brands are seasonal businesses, with the majority of Natural Habitat s tour revenue recorded in the third and fourth quarters from its summer season departures and polar bear tours, while the majority of Off the Beaten Path, DuVine and Classic Journeys revenues recorded during the second and third quarters from their spring and summer season departures, and the majority of Wineland-Thomson Adventures revenues being recorded during the third quarter from the height of their safari season tours. 
 
 Results of Operations Consolidated 
 
 Our consolidated results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are set forth below. 

For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Change 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Tour revenues 

206,005 

175,989 

30,016 

17 

496,118 

444,183 

51,935 

12 

Cost of tours 

104,488 

95,590 

8,898 

9 

262,430 

245,293 

17,137 

7 

General and administrative 

34,300 

30,015 

4,285 

14 

100,835 

85,589 

15,246 

18 

Selling and marketing 

25,003 

19,387 

5,616 

29 

66,042 

55,197 

10,845 

20 

Depreciation and amortization 

12,733 

10,521 

2,212 

21 

37,687 

33,660 

4,027 

12 

Operating income 

29,481 

20,476 

9,005 

44 

29,124 

24,444 

4,680 

19 

Net income (loss) 

25,198 

8,459 

16,739 

198 

(3,005) 

(14,463) 

11,458 

79 

Undistributed income (loss) per share available to stockholders: 

Basic 

0.39 

0.08 

0.30 

(0.18) 

(0.40) 

0.22 

Diluted 

0.36 

0.08 

0.29 

(0.18) 

(0.40) 

0.22 

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Consolidated 
 
 Tour Revenues 
 
 Tour revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 30.0 million, or 17 , to 206.0 million, compared to 176.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Of the 30.0 million increase, 12.5 million is due to a 7 increase in guest nights sold and a 2 increase in guests traveled, 8.7 million is due to an increase in pricing, and includes the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures since its acquisition on July 31, 2024. The Lindblad segment tour revenues increased by 12.5 million, or 12 , and the Land Experiences segment increased 17.5 million, or 26 . 
 
 Tour revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 51.9 million, or 12 , to 496.1 million, compared to 444.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Of the 51.9 million increase, 22.1 million is due to a 4 increase in guest nights sold and a 6 increase in guests traveled, 21.0 million of the increase is due to an increase in pricing, and includes the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures since its acquisition on July 31, 2024. The Lindblad segment tour revenues increased by 20.9 million, or 7 , and the Land Experiences segment increased 31.0 million, or 23 . 
 
 Cost of Tours 
 
 Total cost of tours for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 8.9 million, or 9 , to 104.5 million, compared to 95.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the inclusion of Wineland-Thomson Adventures within our Land Experiences segment, operating additional expeditions and trips, and higher operating costs . The Lindblad segment cost of tours increased by 0.6 million, or 1 and the Land Experiences segment increased 8.2 million, or 20 . 
 
 Total cost of tours for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 17.1 million, or 7 , to 262.4 million, compared to 245.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the inclusion of Wineland-Thomson Adventures within our Land Experiences segment, operating additional trips, and higher operating costs . The Lindblad segment cost of tours increased by 0.1 million and the Land Experiences segment increased 17.0 million, or 22 . 

23

General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.3 million, or 14 , to 34.3 million, compared to 30.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher personnel expense, credit card commissions due to a strong booking environment, transaction-related costs and the inclusion of the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures. At the Lindblad segment, general and administrative expenses increased 1.5 million, or 7 , from the prior year period, and the Land Experiences segment increased 2.8 million, or 31 . 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 15.2 million, or 18 , to 100.8 million, compared to 85.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher personnel expense, credit card commissions due to a strong booking environment, transaction-related costs and the inclusion of the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures. At the Lindblad segment, general and administrative expenses increased 7.1 million, or 12 , and the Land Experiences segment increased 8.2 million, or 32 . 
 
 Selling and Marketing 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5.6 million, or 29 , to 25.0 million, compared to 19.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher royalties associated with the new National Geographic agreement, increased marketing spend to support future growth, and the inclusion of the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures. At the Lindblad segment, selling and marketing expenses increased 4.1 million, or 26 , and the Land Experiences segment increased 1.5 million, or 39 . 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 10.8 million, or 20 , to 66.0 million, compared to 55.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher royalties associated with the new National Geographic agreement, increased marketing spend to support future growth, and the inclusion of the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures. At the Lindblad segment, selling and marketing expenses increased 8.4 million, or 19 , and the Land Experiences segment increased 2.4 million, or 22 . 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.2 million, or 21 , to 12.7 million, compared to 10.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.0 million, or 12 , to 37.7 million, compared to 33.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 1.0 million to 11.0 million from 12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to a 0.2 million gain on foreign exchange in 2024 compared to a 0.5 million loss in 2023, and 0.2 million lower interest expense. 
 
 Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 3.1 million to 34.2 million from 37.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to the May 2023 write-off of 3.9 million of deferred financing costs, fees and other expenses related to the repayment of our prior Export Credit Agreements, partially offset by a 0.5 million increase in interest expense. 

24

Results of Operations Segments 
 
 Selected information for our reportable segments is below. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 

For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Change 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Tour revenues: 

Lindblad 

121,268 

108,750 

12,518 

12 

332,624 

311,660 

20,964 

7 

Land Experiences 

84,737 

67,239 

17,498 

26 

163,494 

132,523 

30,971 

23 

Total tour revenues 

206,005 

175,989 

30,016 

17 

496,118 

444,183 

51,935 

12 

Operating income: 

Lindblad 

11,680 

7,501 

4,179 

56 

10,092 

8,576 

1,516 

18 

Land Experiences 

17,801 

12,975 

4,826 

37 

19,032 

15,868 

3,164 

20 

Operating income 

29,481 

20,476 

9,005 

44 

29,124 

24,444 

4,680 

19 

Adjusted EBITDA: 

Lindblad 

26,238 

20,119 

6,119 

30 

53,429 

48,887 

4,542 

9 

Land Experiences 

19,574 

13,831 

5,743 

42 

24,373 

18,472 

5,901 

32 

Total adjusted EBITDA 

45,812 

33,950 

11,862 

35 

77,802 

67,359 

10,443 

16 

Guest Metrics Lindblad Segment 
 
 The following table sets forth our Available Guest Nights, Guest Nights Sold, Occupancy, Maximum Guests, Number of Guests and Voyages: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Available Guest Nights 

91,293 

85,959 

254,651 

243,329 

Guest Nights Sold 

74,845 

69,903 

199,982 

192,052 

Occupancy 

82 

81 

79 

79 

Maximum Guests 

11,225 

10,613 

30,501 

29,113 

Number of Guests 

9,414 

8,910 

24,695 

23,648 

Voyages 

137 

129 

380 

359 

The following table shows the calculations of Gross and Net Yield. Gross Yield is calculated by dividing Tour Revenues by Available Guest Nights and Net Yield is calculated by dividing Net Revenue by Available Guest Nights: 

Calculation of Gross and Net Yield per Available Guest Night 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands, except for Available Guest Nights, Gross and Net Yield per Available Guest Night) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Guest ticket revenues 

109,140 

94,751 

295,727 

273,653 

Other tour revenue 

12,128 

13,999 

36,897 

38,007 

Tour Revenues 

121,268 

108,750 

332,624 

311,660 

Less: Commissions 

(5,212) 

(6,732) 

(13,791) 

(19,996) 

Less: Other tour expenses 

(6,060) 

(6,569) 

(19,417) 

(19,296) 

Net Yield 

109,996 

95,449 

299,416 

272,368 

Available Guest Nights 

91,293 

85,959 

254,651 

243,329 

Gross Yield per Available Guest Night 

1,328 

1,265 

1,306 

1,281 

Net Yield per Available Guest Night 

1,205 

1,110 

1,176 

1,119 

25

The following table reconciles operating income to our Net Yield Guest Metric for the Lindblad Segment: 

For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Operating income 

11,680 

7,501 

10,092 

8,576 

Cost of tours 

55,663 

55,021 

167,506 

167,392 

General and administrative 

22,628 

21,122 

67,428 

60,374 

Selling and marketing 

19,536 

15,441 

52,606 

44,163 

Depreciation and amortization 

11,761 

9,665 

34,992 

31,155 

Less: Commissions 

(5,212) 

(6,732) 

(13,791) 

(19,996) 

Less: Other tour expenses 

(6,060) 

(6,569) 

(19,417) 

(19,296) 

Net Yield 

109,996 

95,449 

299,416 

272,368 

The following table shows the calculations of Gross and Net Cruise Costs: 

Calculation of Gross and Net Cruise Cost 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands, except for Available Guest Nights, Gross and Net Cruise Cost per Avail. Guest Night) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Cost of tours 

55,663 

55,021 

167,506 

167,392 

Plus: Selling and marketing 

19,536 

15,441 

52,606 

44,163 

Plus: General and administrative 

22,628 

21,122 

67,428 

60,374 

Gross Cruise Cost 

97,827 

91,584 

287,540 

271,929 

Less: Commissions 

(5,212) 

(6,732) 

(13,791) 

(19,996) 

Less: Other tour expenses 

(6,060) 

(6,569) 

(19,417) 

(19,296) 

Net Cruise Cost 

86,555 

78,283 

254,332 

232,637 

Less: Fuel Expense 

(5,460) 

(5,434) 

(19,895) 

(19,939) 

Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel 

81,095 

72,849 

234,437 

212,698 

Non-GAAP Adjustments: 

Stock-based compensation 

(2,352) 

(2,953) 

(7,185) 

(9,146) 

Transaction-related costs 

(445) 

- 

(789) 

- 

Reorganization costs 

- 

- 

(371) 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

(10) 

Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel 

78,298 

69,896 

226,092 

203,542 

Adjusted Net Cruise Cost 

83,758 

75,330 

245,987 

223,481 

Available Guest Nights 

91,293 

85,959 

254,651 

243,329 

Gross Cruise Cost per Available Guest Night 

1,072 

1,065 

1,129 

1,118 

Net Cruise Cost per Available Guest Night 

948 

911 

999 

956 

Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per Available Guest Night 

888 

847 

921 

874 

Adjusted Net Cruise Cost Excluding Fuel per Available Guest Night 

858 

813 

888 

836 

Adjusted Net Cruise Cost per Available Guest Night 

917 

876 

966 

918 

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 at the Lindblad Segment 
 
 Tour Revenues 
 
 Tour revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12.5 million, or 12 , to 121.3 million, compared to 108.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Of the 12.5 million increase, 8.0 million is related to a 7 increase in guest nights sold and 4.5 million is related to a 4 increase in revenue per guest nights sold as compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Tour revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 21.0 million, or 7 , to 332.6 million, compared to 311.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Of the 21.0 million increase, 13.2 million is related to a 4 increase in guest nights sold and 7.8 million is related to a 2 increase in revenue per guest nights sold as compared to the prior year period. 

26

Operating Income 
 
 Operating income of 11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.2 million compared to income of 7.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as the increase in tour revenues was partially offset by higher operating expenses. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to expenses associated with increased revenue, including higher sales and marketing costs, driven by increased royalties associated with the new National Geographic agreement, and higher general and administrative costs, driven by higher credit card commissions, increased information technology costs and transaction-related costs. 
 
 Operating income of 10.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 1.5 million compared to income of 8.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Increased revenue was partially offset by higher operating expenses, primarily due to expenses associated with increased revenue, including higher sales and marketing costs, driven by increased royalties associated with the new National Geographic agreement and marketing spend to drive future booking growth, and higher general and administrative costs, driven by increased personnel costs, higher credit card commissions due to the revenue and bookings growth, increased costs related to consulting, information technology and transaction-related costs. 
 
 Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 at the Land Experiences Segment 
 
 Tour Revenues 
 
 Tour revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 17.5 million, or 26 , to 84.7 million compared to 67.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Of the 17.5 million increase, 7.4 million is due to an 11 increase in average revenue per customer, 1.3 million is related to a 2 increase in guests traveled during the third quarter 2024, and includes the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures since its acquisition on July 31, 2024. 
 
 Tour revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 31.0 million, or 23 , to 163.5 million compared to 132.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Of the 31.0 million increase, 13.3 million is due to a 10 increase in average revenue per customer, 8.9 million is related to a 6 increase in guests traveled during 2024, and includes the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures since its acquisition on July 31, 2024. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Operating income of 17.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.8 million compared to 13.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by higher revenues from the existing businesses and the inclusion of the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures since its acquisition, partially offset by higher operating and personnel costs due to operating additional tours, higher marketing spend to drive future growth, and transaction-related costs. 
 
 Operating income of 19.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.1 million compared to 15.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by higher revenues from the existing businesses and the inclusion of the results of Wineland-Thomson Adventures since its acquisition, partially offset by higher operating and personnel costs related to operating additional departures, higher marketing spend to drive future growth, and transaction-related costs. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA Consolidated 
 
 The following table outlines the reconciliation of net income (loss) to consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 

27

Reconciliation of Net (Loss) Income to Adjusted EBITDA Consolidated 

Consolidated 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Net income (loss) 

25,198 

8,459 

(3,005) 

(14,463) 

Interest expense, net 

11,234 

11,482 

34,140 

33,593 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

(6,747) 

3 

(2,050) 

1,587 

Depreciation and amortization 

12,733 

10,521 

37,687 

33,660 

(Gain) loss on foreign currency 

(203) 

455 

48 

(46) 

Other (income) expense 

(1) 

77 

(9) 

3,773 

Stock-based compensation 

2,529 

2,953 

7,362 

9,245 

Transaction-related costs 

1,069 

- 

3,258 

- 

Reorganization costs 

- 

- 

371 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

10 

Adjusted EBITDA 

45,812 

33,950 

77,802 

67,359 

The following tables outline the reconciliation for each reportable segment from operating income to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Reconciliation of Operating Income to Adjusted EBITDA Lindblad Segment 

Lindblad Segment 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Operating income 

11,680 

7,501 

10,092 

8,576 

Depreciation and amortization 

11,761 

9,665 

34,992 

31,155 

Stock-based compensation 

2,352 

2,953 

7,185 

9,146 

Transaction-related costs 

445 

- 

789 

- 

Reorganization costs 

- 

- 

371 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

10 

Adjusted EBITDA 

26,238 

20,119 

53,429 

48,887 

Land Experiences Segment 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Operating income 

17,801 

12,975 

19,032 

15,868 

Depreciation and amortization 

972 

856 

2,695 

2,505 

Stock-based compensation 

177 

- 

177 

99 

Transaction-related costs 

624 

- 

2,469 

- 

Adjusted EBITDA 

19,574 

13,831 

24,373 

18,472 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 193.9 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 30.7 million in restricted cash primarily related to deposits on future travel originating from U.S. ports and credit card reserves. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 635.0 million in long-term debt obligations, including the current portion of long-term debt. We believe that our cash on hand and expected future operating cash inflows will be sufficient to fund operations, debt service requirements, and necessary capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 90.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 35.3 million for the same period in 2023. The 55.4 million increase is primarily due to increased cash received from guests for future travel. 

28

Net cash used in investing activities was 34.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 7.6 million in cash provided by investing activities during the same period in 2023. 2024 primarily included the acquisition of Wineland-Thomson Adventures and capital expenditures on our vessels, while 2023 primarily included capital expenditures on our vessels and our digital transformation initiatives, partially offset by divesting of marketable securities. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 19.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 61.0 million provided by financing activities for the same period in 2023. 2024 primarily included expenditures for the acquisition of an additional 9.95 of Natural Habitat and 5 of DuVine related to the respective puts and calls of the redeemable non-controlling interests, and income tax withholdings for stock-based compensation, while 2023 primarily included the issuance of 275.0 million of new senior notes which were used primarily to repay our prior export credit agreements . 
 
 Funding Sources 
 
 Debt Facilities 
 
 6.75 Notes 
 
 On February 4, 2022, we issued 360.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.75 senior secured notes due 2027 (the 6.75 Notes in a private offering. The 6.75 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.75 per year and is payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The 6.75 Notes will mature on February 15, 2027, subject to earlier repurchase or redemption. We used the net proceeds from the offering to prepay in full all outstanding borrowings under our prior credit agreement, including the term facility, Main Street Loan, and revolving credit facility, to pay any related premiums and to terminate in full our prior credit agreement and the commitments thereunder. The 6.75 Notes are senior secured obligations and are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by us and certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, the Guarantors and secured by first-priority pari passu liens, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions, on substantially all of our and the Guarantors assets. We may redeem the 6.75 Notes at set redemption prices and premiums, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On February 4, 2022, we entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), which provides for an aggregate principal amount of commitments of 45.0 million, maturing February 2027, including a letter of credit sub-facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 5.0 million. The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by us and the Guarantors and are secured by first-priority pari passu liens, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions, on substantially all the assets of the Company and the Guarantors. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, if any, will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, an adjusted SOFR rate plus a spread or a base rate plus a spread. As of September 30, 2024, we had no borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 9.00 Notes 
 
 On May 2, 2023, we issued 275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 9.00 senior secured notes due 2028 (the 9.00 Notes in a private offering. The 9.00 Notes bear interest at a rate of 9.00 per year and is payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The 9.00 Notes will mature on May 15, 2028, subject to earlier repurchase or redemption. The net proceeds from the offering were used to prepay in full all outstanding borrowings under our prior senior secured credit agreements, to pay any related premiums and to terminate in full the prior senior secured credit agreements and the commitments thereunder. The 9.00 Notes are senior unsecured obligations and are guaranteed (i) on a senior secured basis by certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, the Secured Guarantors and secured by a first-priority lien, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions, on the equity and substantially all the assets of the Secured Guarantors, and (ii) on a senior unsecured basis by certain of our other subsidiaries. We may redeem the 9.00 Notes at set redemption prices and premiums, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The 6.75 Notes, Revolving Credit Facility and 9.00 Notes contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to incur certain additional indebtedness and make certain dividend payments, distributions, investments and other restricted payments. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants currently in effect. 

29

Equity 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 In August 2020, we issued and sold 85,000 shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value of 0.0001, Preferred Stock for 1,000 per share for gross proceeds of 85.0 million. As of March 31, 2024, 62,000 shares of Preferred Stock were outstanding. The Preferred Stock has senior and preferential ranking to our common stock. The Preferred Stock is entitled to cumulative dividends of 6.00 per annum, and for the first two years, the dividends were required to be paid-in-kind. After the second anniversary of the issuance date, the dividends may be paid-in-kind or be paid in cash at our option. During 2024, we have continued to pay Preferred Stock dividends in-kind. At any time, we may, at our option, convert all, but not less than all, of the Preferred Stock into common stock if the closing price of shares of common stock is at least 150 of the conversion price for 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. The Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, at the holder s election, into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the then-current accrued value by the conversion price of 9.50. At the six-year anniversary of the closing date, each investor has the right to request that we repurchase their Preferred Stock, and any Preferred Stock not requested to be repurchased shall be converted into our common shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the then-current accrued value by the conversion price. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding Preferred Stock and accumulated dividends could be converted into approximately 8.3 million shares of our common stock. 
 
 Funding Needs 
 
 We generally rely on a combination of cash flows provided by operations and the incurrence of additional debt to fund obligations. A vast majority of guest ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable expedition date. These advance passenger receipts remain a current liability until the expedition date, and the cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other cash from operations. The cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future expeditions or otherwise, pay down debt, make long-term investments or any other use of cash. Traditionally we run a working capital deficit due primarily to a large balance of unearned passenger revenues. As of September 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of 98.3 million, and as of December 31, 2023, we had a working capital deficit of 74.7 million. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. For a detailed discussion of our Critical Accounting Policies, please see our 2023 Annual Report, where we have discussed those policies and estimates that we believe are critical and require the use of complex judgment in their application. There have been no significant changes to our accounting policies from those disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report. 

ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We may be exposed to a market risk for interest rates related to our revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, no amounts were outstanding under the revolving credit facility. There have otherwise been no other material changes in our exposure to market risks from the information set forth in the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk sections contained in our 2023 Annual Report. 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company s principal executive officer and interim principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act were effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and interim principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

30

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART 2. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is involved in various claims, legal actions and regulatory proceedings arising from time to time in the ordinary course of business and it has protection and indemnity insurance that would be expected to cover any damages. 
 
 Unless stated otherwise, the matter discussed below, if decided adversely to or settled by the Company, individually or in the aggregate, may result in a liability material to the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of this matter and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss, beyond the amounts accrued, if any, that may arise from this matter. 
 
 On October 8, 2024, the Workers Committee of Navilusal Cia. Ltda. filed an action (the Complaint with the Ministry of Labor in the Republic of Ecuador against Navilusal Cia. Ltda. Navilusal ), a subsidiary of the Company. The Complaint asserts, among other things, Navilusal s failure to pay a surcharge on gross sales and a percent of net profits of Ecuadorian subsidiary companies Metrohotel and Marventura, and monetary damages related thereto. The Company believes that it has substantial legal and factual defenses to the claims and intends to defend the Company against such claims. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, some of which are beyond our control. The risks and uncertainties that we believe are most important for you to consider are discussed under the heading Risk Factors in the 2023 Annual Report. 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Recent Sales by the Company of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 
 Our Board of Directors approved a stock and warrant repurchase plan Repurchase Plan in November 2015 and increased the Repurchase Plan to 35.0 million in November 2016. The Repurchase Plan authorizes us to purchase from time to time our outstanding common stock and our previously outstanding warrants. Any shares and warrants purchased will be retired. The Repurchase Plan has no time deadline and will continue until otherwise modified or terminated at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. These repurchases exclude shares repurchased to settle statutory employee tax withholding related to the exercise of stock options and vesting of stock awards. No repurchases were made under the Repurchase Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We have cumulatively repurchased 875,218 shares of common stock for 8.3 million and 6,011,926 warrants for 14.7 million, since plan inception. All repurchases were made using cash resources. The balance for the Repurchase Plan was 12.0 million as of September 30, 2024. 

31

Repurchases of Securities 
 
 The following table represents information with respect to shares of common stock withheld from vesting's of stock-based compensation awards for employee income tax withholding for the periods indicated: 

Period 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Dollar value of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

Maximum dollar value of warrants and shares that may be purchased under approved plans or programs 

July 1 through July 31, 2024 

25,525 

10.64 

- 

11,974,787 

August 1 through August 31, 2024 

- 

- 

- 

11,974,787 

September 1 through September 30, 2024 

291 

9.22 

- 

11,974,787 

Total 

25,816 

- 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Included 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing Date 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herewith 

32

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Herewith 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

33

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 5, 2024. 

LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By 
 /s/ Sven Lindblad 

Sven Lindblad 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 
 /s/ L. Dyson Dryden 

L. Dyson Dryden 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

34

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_721270.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_721270.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Sven Lindblad, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. (the Registrant 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2024 

/s/ Sven Lindblad 

Sven Lindblad 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_721271.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_721271.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

I, L. Dyson Dryden, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. (the Registrant 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as identified in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2024 

/s/ L. Dyson Dryden 

L. Dyson Dryden 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_721272.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_721272.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of CEO Pursuant To 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant To 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sven Lindblad, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

1) 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 5, 2024 

/s/ Sven Lindblad 

Sven Lindblad 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex_721273.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_721273.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Interim CFO Pursuant To 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant To 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, L. Dyson Dryden, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

1) 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 5, 2024 

/s/ L. Dyson Dryden 

L. Dyson Dryden 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lind-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lind-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lind-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lind-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lind-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

