<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1065059_0001065059-24-000089.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7621568</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>147144</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2800671</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2003464</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1422034</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1134251</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001065059-24-000089.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029164007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001065059-24-000089
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTRUS ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001065059
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				522107911
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14287
		FILM NUMBER:		241406324

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6901 ROCKLEDGE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20817
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3015643200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6901 ROCKLEDGE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20817

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USEC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980629

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001065059-24-000089.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 leu-20240930.htm
 10-Q

leu-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of October 25, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share, and shares of the registrant s Class B Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended Sept e mber 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 12 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 14 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 55 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 56 
 Signatures 
 57 

2 

Glossary of Certain Terms and Abbreviations 
 
 Centrus Energy Corp. and Related Entities ACO 
 American Centrifuge Operating LLC, a subsidiary of Centrus 
 Board Centrus Energy Corp. s Board of Directors Centrus Centrus Energy Corp. Enrichment Corp. United States Enrichment Corporation, a subsidiary of Centrus 
 Paducah GDP Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant, an enrichment plant in Paducah, Kentucky, formerly operated by Enrichment Corp. 
 Piketon Production facility in Piketon, Ohio 
 Portsmouth GDP Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant, an enrichment plant near Portsmouth, Ohio, formerly operated by Enrichment Corp. USEC-Government Enrichment Corp. prior to 1993, when it was a wholly-owned government corporation Other Terms and Abbreviations 2002 DOE-USEC Agreement June 17, 2002 agreement between Centrus (then known as USEC Inc.) and the DOE 5B Cylinders 
 Storage cylinders for HALEU UF 6 produced by the cascade 
 8.25 Notes 8.25 Notes, maturing February 2027 
 American Centrifuge 
 Advanced uranium enrichment gas centrifuge technology previously developed, based on the proven workable U.S. centrifuge technology developed by DOE in the mid-1980s and utilized in a demonstration facility in 2012-2013 
 American Centrifuge Plant 
 Refers to a demonstration facility in Piketon, Ohio where USEC planned to install a lead cascade of centrifuge machines to demonstrate the American Centrifuge technology under the terms of the 2002 DOE-USEC Agreement 
 ARDP DOE s Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program ATM At the Market 
 Class A Common Stock Class A common stock, 0.10 par value per share 
 Class B Common Stock Class B common stock, 0.10 par value per share 
 Common Stock Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock D D Decontamination Decommissioning DOC U.S. Department of Commerce 
 DOE U.S. Department of Energy EU European Union Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended HALEU High Assay Low-Enriched Uranium HALEU Demonstration Contract Three-year, 115 million cost-share contract with DOE signed in 2019 by Centrus subsidiary, ACO 
 HALEU Operation Contract HALEU production contract with DOE signed in 2022 IEA International Energy Agency Import Ban Act 
 The Prohibiting Russian Uranium Imports Act enacted in May 2024 that bans imports of LEU from Russia into the U.S., effective August 11, 2024, subject to issuance of waivers by the DOE 
 LEU Low-Enriched Uranium; term is also used to refer to the Centrus Energy Corp. business segment which supplies commercial customers with various components of nuclear fuel 
 3 

Natural Uranium 
 Raw material needed to produce LEU and HALEU 
 NOL Net Operating Loss NRC U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission NUBIL Net unrealized built-in loss Orano Orano Cycle Orano Supply Agreement Long-term supply of SWU contained in LEU, signed by Enrichment Corp. with Orano in 2018 
 Power MOU Memorandum of understanding between the DOE and USEC-Government Price-Anderson Act Price-Anderson Nuclear Industries Indemnity Act (Section 170 of the U.S. Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended) RFP 
 Request for Proposal 
 Rights Agreement Section 382 Rights Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2016, by and among the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., as rights agent, as amended 
 Rosatom 
 Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation 
 RSA 1992 Russian Suspension Agreement, as amended SARs Stock appreciation rights SEC U.S. Securities Exchange Commission SWU Separative work unit Technical Solutions 
 The Centrus business segment which offers technical, manufacturing, engineering, and operations services to public and private sector customers 
 TENEX Russian government-owned entity TENEX, Joint-Stock Company TENEX Supply Contract Agreement with TENEX through 2028 
 U.S. GAAP 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States U 3 O 8 
 Uranium oxide, aka yellowcake 
 UF 6 
 Uranium hexafluoride Warrant Warrant to purchase common stock of Centrus, exercised in December 2023 by Kulayba LLC and dated February 2, 2021 and amended December 29, 2022 
 WNA World Nuclear Association 
 4 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Centrus (the Company, we or us contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as expects , anticipates , intends , plans , believes , will , should , could , would or may and other words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and represent management s current views and assumptions with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. 
 
 The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made by us include those factors discussed herein, including those factors discussed in (a) Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) : Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies , (b) Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, (c) Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors , and (d) other factors discussed in the Company s filings with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly release any revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q unless required by law. 
 
 For Centrus, particular risks and uncertainties (hereinafter risks that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements and which are, and may be, exacerbated by any worsening of the global business and economic environment include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 Risks related to the war in Ukraine primarily include: 
 risks related to the war and geopolitical conflicts and the imposition of sanctions or other measures, including bans or tariffs, by (i) the U.S. or foreign governments and institutions such as the EU, (ii) organizations (including the United Nations or other international organizations), or (iii) entities (including private entities or persons), that could directly or indirectly impact our ability to obtain, deliver, transport or sell LEU or the SWU and natural uranium hexafluoride components of LEU delivered to us under the TENEX Supply Contract or make related payments or deliveries of natural uranium hexafluoride to TENEX; 
 risks related to laws that ban (i) imports of Russian LEU into the United States, including the Import Ban Act, or (ii) transactions with Rosatom or its subsidiaries, which includes TENEX; 
 risks related to our potential inability to secure additional waivers or other exceptions from the ban or sanction in a timely manner or at all in order to allow us to continue importing Russian LEU under the TENEX Supply Contract or otherwise doing business with TENEX or implementing the TENEX Supply Contract; 
 risks related to TENEX s refusal or inability to deliver LEU to us for any reason including (i) U.S. or foreign government sanctions or bans are imposed on LEU from Russia or on TENEX, (ii) TENEX is unable or unwilling to deliver LEU, receive payments, receive the return of natural uranium hexafluoride, or conduct other activities related to the TENEX Supply Contract, or (iii) TENEX elects, or is directed (including by its owner or the Russian government), to limit or stop transactions with us or with the United States or other countries; and 
 risks related to disputes with third parties, including contractual counterparties, that could result if we cannot receive, or otherwise are unable to receive timely deliveries of LEU under the TENEX Supply Contract. 
 
 5 

Risks related to economic and industry factors primarily include: 
 risks related to our dependence on others, such as TENEX, under the TENEX Supply Contract, Orano, under the Orano Supply Agreement, and other suppliers (including, but not limited to, transporters) who provide, or deliver, us the goods and services we need to conduct our business and any resulting negative impact on our liquidity; 
 risks related to our ability to sell or deliver the LEU we procure pursuant to our purchase obligations under our supply agreements and the impacts of sanctions or limitations on imports of such LEU, including those imposed under the RSA, international trade legislation and other international trade restrictions or the Import Ban Act; 
 risks related to the increasing quantities of LEU being imported into the U.S. from China and the impact on our ability to make future LEU or SWU sales or ability to finance any build out of our enrichment capacities; 
 risks related to whether or when government funding or demand for HALEU for government or commercial uses will materialize and at what level; 
 risks regarding funding for continuation and deployment of the American Centrifuge technology; 
 risks related to (i) our ability to perform and absorb costs under the HALEU Operation Contract, (ii) our ability to obtain new contracts and funding to be able to continue operations and (iii) our ability to obtain and/or perform under other agreements; 
 risks that (i) we may not obtain the full benefit of the HALEU Operation Contract and may not be able or allowed to operate the HALEU enrichment facility to produce HALEU after the completion of the HALEU Operation Contract or (ii) the output from the HALEU enrichment facility may not be available to us as a future source of supply; 
 risks related to existing or new trade barriers and to contract terms that limit our ability to procure LEU for, or deliver LEU to, customers; 
 risks related to pricing trends and demand in the uranium and enrichment markets and their impact on our profitability; 
 risks related to the movement and timing of customer orders; 
 risks related to the fact that we face significant competition from major LEU producers who may be less cost sensitive or are wholly or partially government owned; 
 risks that our ability to compete in foreign markets may be limited for various reasons, including policies that favor indigenous suppliers over foreign suppliers of goods and services; 
 risks related to the fact that our revenue is largely dependent on our largest customers; 
 risks related to our backlog, including uncertainty concerning customer actions under current contracts and in future contracting due to market conditions, global events or other factors, including our lack of current production capability; 
 risks related to natural and other disasters, including the continued impact of the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan on the nuclear industry and on our business, results of operations and prospects; 
 risks related to financial difficulties experienced by customers or suppliers, including possible bankruptcies, insolvencies, or any other situation, event or occurrence that affect the ability of others to pay for our products or services in a timely manner or at all; 
 risks related to pandemics, endemics, and other health crises; and 
 risks related to the impact and potential extended duration of a supply/demand imbalance in the market for LEU. 
 
 Risks related to operational factors primarily include: 
 risks related to DOE not issuing any task orders to any awardee under any of the HALEU or Deconversion contracts or any task orders to the Company under either of those contracts; 
 risks related to the Company not winning a task order under the HALEU contract to expand its HALEU plant; 
 6 

risks related to DOE not providing adequate share of the appropriated funding; 
 risks related to our ability to secure financing to expand our plant; 
 risks related to our ability to increase capacity in a timely manner to meet market demand or our contractual obligations; 
 risks related to DOE not awarding any contracts to the Company in response to the Company s remaining proposals; 
 risks related to reliance on the only firm that has the necessary permits and capability to transport LEU from Russia to the United States and that firm s ability to maintain those permits and capabilities or secure additional permits; 
 risks related to a government shutdown or lack of funding that could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the U.S. government s ability to make timely payments, and our ability to perform our U.S. government contracts and successfully compete for work; 
 risks related to changes to the U.S. government s appropriated funding levels for HALEU Operation Contract due to the upcoming November elections or other reasons; 
 risks related to uncertainty regarding our ability to commercially deploy competitive enrichment technology; 
 risks related to the potential for demobilization or termination of the HALEU Operation Contract; 
 risks that we will not be able to timely complete the work that we are obligated to perform; 
 risks related to the government s inability to satisfy its obligations, including supplying government furnished equipment necessary for us to produce and deliver HALEU under the HALEU Operation Contract and processing security clearance applications due to a government shutdown or other reasons; 
 risks related to our ability to obtain the government s approval to extend the term of, or the scope of permitted activities under, our lease with the DOE in Piketon, Ohio; 
 risks related to cybersecurity incidents that may impact our business operations; 
 risks related to our ability to perform fixed-price and cost-share contracts such as the HALEU Operation Contract, including the risk that costs that we must bear could be higher than expected and the risk related to complying with stringent government contractual requirements; and 
 risks related to attracting qualified employees necessary for the potential expansion of our operations. 
 
 Risks related to financial factors primarily include: 
 risks related to our long-term liabilities, including material unfunded defined benefit pension plan obligations and postretirement health and life benefit obligations; 
 risks related to our 8.25 Notes maturing in February 2027; 
 risks of revenue and operating results fluctuating significantly from quarter to quarter, and in some cases, year to year; 
 risks related to the impact of financial market conditions on our business, liquidity, prospects, pension assets and insurance facilities; 
 risks related to the Company s capital concentration; 
 risks related to the value of our intangible assets related to LEU s backlog and customer relationships; 
 risks related to the limited trading markets in our securities; 
 risks related to decisions made by our Class B Common Stock stockholders regarding their investment in the Company, including decisions based upon factors that are unrelated to the Company s performance; 
 risks that a small number of holders of our Class A Common Stock (whose interests may not be aligned with other holders of our Class A Common Stock) may exert significant influence over the direction of the Company and may be motivated by interests that are not aligned with the Company s other Class A stockholders; 
 7 

risks related to (i) the use of our NOL carryforwards and NUBILs to offset future taxable income and the use of the Rights Agreement to prevent an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and (ii) our ability to generate taxable income to utilize all or a portion of the NOLs prior to the expiration thereof and NUBILs; and 
 risks related to failures or security breaches of our information technology systems. 
 
 Risks related to general factors primarily include: 
 risks related to our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 risks that we will be unable to obtain new business opportunities or achieve market acceptance of our products and services or that products or services provided by others will render our products or services obsolete or noncompetitive; 
 risks related to actions, including reviews or audits, that may be taken by the U.S. government, the Russian government, or other governments that could affect our ability to perform under our contractual obligations or the ability of our sources of supply to perform under their contractual obligations to us; 
 risks related to our ability to perform and receive timely payment under our agreements with the DOE or other government agencies, including risks related to the ongoing funding by the government and potential audits; 
 risks related to changes or termination of our agreements with the U.S. government or other counterparties, or the exercise of contract remedies by such counterparties; 
 risks related to the competitive environment for our products and services; 
 risks related to changes in the nuclear energy industry; 
 risks related to the competitive bidding process associated with obtaining contracts, including government contracts; and 
 risks related to potential strategic transactions that could be difficult to implement, that could disrupt our business or that could change our business profile significantly. 
 
 Risks related to legal and compliance factors primarily include: 
 risks related to the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies (including lawsuits and government investigations or audits); 
 risks related to the impact of government regulation and policies or interpretation of laws or regulations, including by the DOE, DOC and the NRC; 
 risks of accidents during the transportation, handling, or processing of toxic hazardous or radioactive material that may pose a health risk to humans or animals, cause property or environmental damage, or result in precautionary evacuations, and lead to claims against the Company; 
 risks associated with claims and litigation arising from past activities at sites we currently operate or past activities at sites we no longer operate, including the Paducah GDP and Portsmouth GDP; and 
 other risks discussed in this and our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 For a more detailed discussion of these risks and others that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. 
 8 

CENTRUS ENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited; in millions, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventories Deferred costs associated with deferred revenue Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Deposits for financial assurance Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Payables under inventory purchase agreements Inventories owed to customers and suppliers Deferred revenue and advances from customers Short-term inventory loans 
 Current debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Postretirement health and life benefit obligations Pension benefit liabilities Advances from customers Long-term inventory loans Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 per share, shares authorized 
 Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, none issued Series B Senior Preferred Stock, none issued Class A Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Excess of capital over par value Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

CENTRUS ENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Unaudited; in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Separative work units Uranium Technical solutions Total revenue Cost of Sales: Separative work units and uranium Technical solutions Total cost of sales Gross profit Advanced technology costs Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) Nonoperating components of net periodic benefit loss (income) 
 ) ) Interest expense Investment income ) ) ) ) Other expense (income), net 
 ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Net income (loss) per share: 
 Basic ) Diluted ) Average number of common shares outstanding (in thousands): Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 10 

CENTRUS ENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Unaudited; in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Accrued loss on long-term contract ) Deferred tax assets ) Gain on remeasurement of retirement benefit plans 
 ) ) Equity related compensation Revaluation of inventory borrowings 
 Other reconciling adjustments, net 
 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories Inventories owed to customers and suppliers ) ) Other current assets Accounts payable and other liabilities ) ) Payables under inventory purchase agreements ) ) Deferred revenue and advances from customers, net of deferred costs ) Pension and postretirement benefit liabilities ) ) Other changes, net 
 ) ) Cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) INVESTING Capital expenditures ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net Exercise of stock options Common stock withheld for tax obligations under stock-based compensation plan 
 ) ) Payment of interest classified as debt ) ) Other ) Cash provided by financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period (Note 3) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period (Note 3) Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 Non-cash activities: Adjustment of right to use lease assets from lease modification Property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Common stock withheld for tax obligations under stock-based compensation plan 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 11 

CENTRUS ENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Unaudited; in millions, except per share data) 
 Preferred Stock, Series B Common Stock, Class A, Par Value 0.10 per Share Common Stock, Class B, Par Value 0.10 per Share Excess of Capital Over Par Value Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net income for the three months ended March 31, 2023 
 Issuance of common stock Stock-based compensation shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income for the three months ended June 30, 2023 
 Stock-based compensation shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 12 

CENTRUS ENERGY CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Unaudited; in millions, except per share data) 
 Preferred Stock, Series B Common Stock, Class A, Par Value 0.10 per Share Common Stock, Class B, Par Value 0.10 per Share Excess of Capital Over Par Value Accumulated Deficit Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Net income for the three months ended June 30, 2024 
 Issuance of common stock Stock-based compensation shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 13 

CENTRUS ENERGY CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

Accounting Standards Effective in Future Periods 
 
 In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2023-07, Segment Reporting , to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact this will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes , to improve the transparency of income tax disclosures, primarily through requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation in the rate reconciliation and requiring disaggregation of income taxes paid by jurisdiction. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and early adoption is permitted. Based on the Company s review, it does not expect the pronouncement to have any material impact on its Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

14 

2. 
 
 Foreign Revenue - SWU and uranium 
 
 Refer to Note 13 , Segment Information, for disaggregation of revenue by segment. Revenue for the LEU segment is derived from the sales of the SWU component of LEU, from sales of both the SWU and uranium components, and from sales of UF 6 and U 3 O 8 , to electric utility customers and other nuclear fuel related companies. Technical Solutions revenue is derived from services provided to the U.S. government and its contractors. SWU and uranium revenue is recognized when the customer obtains control of the SWU or uranium components and Technical Solutions revenue is generally recognized over time based on direct costs incurred or the right to invoice method (in situations where the value transferred matches the Company s billing rights) as the customer receives and consumes the benefits. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Unbilled Accounts receivable Billings under certain contracts in the Technical Solutions segment are invoiced based on approved provisional billing rates. Unbilled revenue represents the difference between actual costs incurred and invoiced amounts. The Company expects to invoice and collect the unbilled amounts after actual rates are submitted to the customer and approved. Unbilled revenue also includes unconditional rights to payment that are not yet billable under applicable contracts due to timing of invoice processing or pending the compilation of supporting documentation. 

Contract Liabilities 
 
 The following table presents changes in contract liability balances (in millions): 
 ) Advances from customers - current Advances from customers - noncurrent ) 
 
 Previously deferred sales and advances from customers recognized in revenue totaled million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 15 

of its costs incurred in performing the contract. The DOE has funded the contract up to million with a period of performance that ended November 30, 2022. The Company recorded revenue up to the funded amount of million and received aggregate cash payments under the HALEU Demonstration Contract of million through September 30, 2024. Closeout activities on the HALEU Demonstration Contract are ongoing. 
 
 The DOE elected to move the operational portion of the HALEU Demonstration Contract to a subsequent, competitively awarded contract and, on November 10, 2022, the DOE awarded the HALEU Operation Contract to the Company, and work began on December 1, 2022. The base contract value is approximately million with two phases through 2024. Phase 1 included an approximately million cost-share contribution from Centrus matched by approximately million from the DOE to complete construction of the cascade, begin operations and produce the initial 20 kilograms of HALEU UF 6 by no later than December 31, 2023. On October 11, 2023, the Company announced that it began enrichment operations in Piketon, Ohio. On November 7, 2023, the Company announced that it made its first delivery of HALEU to the DOE, completing Phase 1 by successfully demonstrating its HALEU production process. 
 
 Phase 2 of the HALEU Operation Contract includes production of 900 kilograms per year of HALEU UF 6 , as well as continued operations and maintenance. The DOE owns the HALEU produced from the demonstration cascade and Centrus is being compensated on a cost-plus-incentive-fee basis, with an expected Phase 2 contract value of approximately million, subject to Congressional appropriations. The HALEU Operation Contract also gives DOE options to pay for up to nine additional years of production from the cascade beyond the base contract; those options are at the DOE s sole discretion and subject to the availability of Congressional appropriations. Pursuant to an amendment to the Company s lease for the Piketon facility, the DOE assumed all D D liabilities arising out of the HALEU Operation Contract. 
 
 Under the HALEU Operation Contract, DOE is obligated to provide the 5B Cylinders necessary to collect the output of the cascade, but supply chain challenges have created difficulties for DOE in securing enough 5B Cylinders for the entire production year. Centrus delivery of the 900 kilograms of HALEU UF 6 , which it no longer can achieve by November 2024, was conditioned on the DOE s ability to provide the 5B Cylinders on a timeline that allows for continuous production throughout Phase 2 of the contract. During time periods when 5B Cylinders are insufficient, the Company is able to continue operation of the cascade, but is not able to produce HALEU. The 9 target fee for Phase 2 of the contract was estimated to be million based on the estimated costs for the contract and is subject to a contract minimum fee of million. 
 
 16 

million. The DOE is currently obligated for costs up to approximately million for the additional scope under the HALEU Operation Contract. 
 
 Costs under the HALEU Operation Contract include program costs, including direct labor and materials and associated indirect costs that are classified as Cost of Sales, and an allocation of corporate costs supporting the program that are classified as Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . When estimates of program costs to be incurred for an integrated, construction-type contract exceed estimates of total revenue to be earned, a provision for the remaining loss on the contract is recorded to Cost of Sales in the period the loss is determined. The Company s corporate costs supporting the program are recognized as expense as incurred over the duration of the contract term. The Company recorded an accrued loss of million related to anticipated cost-share reimbursement under the HALEU Operation Contract in Cost of Sales in December 2022. The accrued loss on the contract was adjusted over the contract term based on actual results and remaining program cost projections through December 31, 2023. The impact to Cost of Sales in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively, for previously accrued contract losses attributable to work performed in those periods. The HALEU Operation Contract is funded incrementally, and the DOE currently is obligated for costs up to approximately million of the million estimated transaction price for Phase 1, Phase 2, and additional scope work. The Company has received aggregate cash payments under the HALEU Operation Contract of million through September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company does not have a contractual obligation to perform work in excess of the funding provided by the DOE. If the DOE does not commit to additional costs above the existing funding, the Company may incur material additional costs or losses in future periods that could have an adverse impact on its financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 The Company s remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of total contract transaction price that is unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied. Performance obligations are recognized as revenue in future periods as work is performed or deliveries of SWU and uranium are made. The Company s total remaining performance obligations were billion and billion as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and extend to 2030. 
 
 The remaining performance obligations in the LEU segment primarily related to medium and long-term contracts with fixed commitments, were approximately billion and billion for September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and extend to 2030. The remaining performance obligations represent the estimated aggregate dollar amount of revenue for future SWU and uranium deliveries and includes approximately million and million of Deferred Revenue and Advances from Customers at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively . T he remaining performance obligations are partially based on customer estimates of the timing and size of their fuel requirements and other assumptions that are subject to change. T he remaining performance obligations include estimates of selling prices, which may be subject to change. Depending on the terms of specific contracts, prices may be adjusted based on escalation using a general inflation index, published SWU price indicators prevailing at the time of delivery, and other factors, all of which are variable. T he Company uses external composite forecasts of future market prices and inflation rates in its pricing estimates. 
 
 17 

million and million, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and extend to 2026. The remaining performance obligations in Technical Solutions include both funded (services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded (services for which funding has not been appropriated) amounts. The Company does not include unexercised options or potential services under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity agreements in its remaining performance obligations. If any of the Company s contracts were to be terminated, its remaining performance obligations would be reduced by the expected value of the cancelled performance obligations of such contracts. 

3. 
 
 Deposits for financial assurance - current (a) Deposits for financial assurance - noncurrent Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 (a) Deposits for financial assurance - current is included within Other Current Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company has million and million denominated in euros as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and recorded less than million in transaction losses in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million in transaction losses in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Workers Compensation Other Total deposits for financial assurance 

18 

4. 

Uranium Total 

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 
 The Company may borrow SWU or uranium from customers or suppliers, in which case the Company will record the SWU and/or uranium and the related liability for the borrowing using a projected and forecasted purchase price over the borrowing period. In March 2023, the Company borrowed UF 6 which was recorded to inventory at a value of million, based on the estimated fair market value of the inventory on the date of borrowing. 
 
 million and million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

5. 
 
 years. Amortization expense is presented below gross profit on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Customer relationships Total 

19 

6. 
 
 Notes: 
 Feb. 2027 Principal Interest Total 
 
 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears as of February 28 and August 31 based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The Notes were issued in connection with a troubled debt restructuring; therefore, all future interest payment obligations on the Notes are included in the carrying value of the Notes. As a result, interest payments are reported as a reduction in the carrying value of the Notes and not as interest expense. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, million of interest was recorded as current and classified as Current Debt 

7. 
 
 Deferred compensation asset (a) 
 Liabilities: Deferred compensation obligation (a) 

There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 or 3 during the periods presented. 
 
 20 

(b) 
 (b) 
 
 (a) Based on bid/ask quotes as of or near the balance sheet date, which are considered Level 2 inputs. 
 Notes consists of the principal balance of million and the sum of current and noncurrent interest payment obligations until maturity. Refer to Note 6 , Debt 

8. 
 
 Interest costs Amortization of prior service costs (credits), net ) Remeasurement gain 
 ) ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets (gains) ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit costs (credits) 
 ) ) ) 

The components of net periodic benefit costs for the postretirement health and life benefit plan were as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest costs Amortization of prior service costs (credits), net ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit costs 
 
 The Company reports service costs for its defined benefit pension plans and its postretirement health and life benefit plans in Cost of Sales and Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . The remaining components of net periodic benefit (credits) costs are reported as Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Loss (Income). 
 
 21 

million at December 31, 2022, of which million related to this plan. The remeasurement resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation and a corresponding net actuarial gain of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 On October 12, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with an insurer Insurer for one of its defined benefit plans to purchase a group annuity contract and transferred approximately million of its pension plan obligations to the Insurer. The purchase of the group annuity contract was funded directly by the assets of the pension plan of approximately million. The purchase resulted in a transfer of liabilities for approximately 1,400 participants effective December 1, 2023. The Company recorded income related to the pension settlement in the fourth quarter of million, which was included in Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Income in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company determined that it was probable that lump sum payouts for 2024 would be greater than the annual service and interest cost components of the annual net periodic benefit cost for two of its defined benefit pension plans. In addition, on May 28, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with an insurer for two of its defined benefit plans to purchase a group annuity contract and transferred approximately million of its pension plan obligations to the insurer. The purchase of the group annuity contract was funded directly by assets of the pension plan of approximately million. The purchase resulted in a transfer of future benefit obligations and administrative liabilities for more than 1,000 participants effective September 1, 2024. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company again determined that it was probable that lump sum payouts for 2024 would be greater than the annual service and interest cost components of the annual net periodic benefit cost for its two defined benefit pension plans. In addition, the Company transferred million of pension plan assets and the related obligations under two participating group annuity contracts to two non-participating group annuity contracts for two of its defined benefit plans. The purchase resulted in a transfer of future benefit obligations and administrative liabilities for more than 400 participants effective October 1, 2024. 
 
 These events triggered remeasurements that resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation and corresponding net actuarial gains of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The related income was included in Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Loss (Income) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

9. 

22 

million of the valuation allowance against federal net deferred taxes as a discrete item for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Centrus determined that the positive evidence of increased forecasted future income in the LEU segment based on existing backlog and supply contracts along with commodity market forward pricing indicators, supported the release of the federal valuation allowance. However, due to lack of objectively verifiable information in later years, it was determined that forecasted future income was not sufficient to realize all the deferred tax assets. Therefore, Centrus recorded a partial release of its federal valuation allowance. There was no release of valuation allowance in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Going forward, Centrus will continue to evaluate both positive and negative evidence that would support any further changes to the remaining valuation allowances. Such evidence in its Technical Solutions segment may include signing new contracts which could have a significant impact on pre-tax income, follow on-work related to the HALEU program, or abandonment of the commercial deployment of the centrifuge technology. Such evidence in our LEU segment may include renewing SWU sales contracts with existing customers and/or signing new SWU sales or purchase contracts with significantly higher or lower margins than currently forecasted. Additional evidence in the LEU segment may include potential deferrals in the timing of deliveries requested by its customers, which would impact revenue recognition timing. The impact of these and other potential positive and negative events will be weighed and evaluated to determine if the valuation allowance should be increased or decreased in the future. 

10. Denominator (in thousands): Average common shares outstanding - basic Potentially dilutive shares related to stock compensation awards and warrant Average common shares outstanding - diluted Net income (loss) per share (in dollars): 
 Basic ) Diluted ) Common stock equivalents excluded from the diluted calculation because they would have been antidilutive (in thousands) 
 23 

11. 
 
 million in securities, in aggregate. The Company retains broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered. 
 
 Common Stock Issuance 
 
 On February 9, 2024, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (collectively, the Agents ), relating to the ATM offering of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Pursuant to this sales agreement, the Company sold an aggregate of and shares of its Class A Common Stock at the market price in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, for a total of million and million, respectively. After expenses and commissions paid to the Agents, the Company s proceeds totaled million and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Additionally, the Company recorded direct costs of less than million and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to the issuance. The shares of Class A Common Stock were issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-272984), which became effective on July 10, 2023, and a prospectus supplement dated February 9, 2024. 
 
 Pursuant to a separate sales agreement with its Agents, the Company sold, through its ATM offering, an aggregate of and shares of its Class A Common Stock at the market price in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for a total of and million, respectively. After expenses and commissions paid to the Agents, the Company s proceeds totaled and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company recorded direct costs of and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the issuance. The shares of Class A Common Stock were issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239242), which became effective on August 5, 2020, and two prospectus supplements dated December 31, 2020 and December 5, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Unless otherwise specified in any prospectus supplement, the Company has used and/or intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of its securities offered under these prospectuses for working capital and general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, potential acquisitions and other business opportunities. Pending any specific application, the Company may initially invest funds in short-term marketable securities or apply them to the reduction of indebtedness. 
 24 

per share, from to ; and (ii) extended the Final Expiration Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) from June 30, 2023 to June 30, 2026. 
 
 The Fifth Amendment was not adopted as a result of, or in response to, any effort to acquire control of the Company. The Fifth Amendment was adopted in order to preserve for the Company s stockholders the long-term value of the Company s NOL carry-forwards for United States federal income tax purposes and other tax benefits. 
 
 The Sixth Amendment was approved by the Board on May 28, 2024, and makes clarifying changes relating to the definition of Beneficial Owner , beneficially owned and Beneficial Ownership contained in the Rights Agreement. 
 
 Awards under Executive Incentive Plan 
 
 Under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, participating employees are eligible to receive grants of equity awards such as notional stock units and SARs. In April 2020, under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, notional stock units and SARs were granted to participating executives with a vesting period ending in April 2023. 
 
 In March 2022, 2023 and 2024 restricted stock units were granted to participating executives with a vesting period ending in March 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. The restricted stock unit awards are time based and payable in shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock subject to achieving a threshold level of cumulative net income over the vesting period. The grant-date fair value is included in Excess of Capital Over Par Value as the value is amortized over the vesting period. 
 
 The plan payouts for the 2020-2022 performance period were settled in Class A Common Stock in March and April 2023. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company withheld million of shares that vested during the period to fund the tax withholding obligations under the terms of the stock-based compensation plan. 
 
 The Class A Common Stock issued for the 2021-2023 performance period were issued in March 2024. The Company withheld million of shares to fund the tax withholding obligations under the terms of the stock-based compensation plan. 

25 

12. 
 
 26 

million. The Company is assessing DOE s assertions including whether all or a portion of any such potential liability had been previously settled. The Company has not formed an opinion on the merits of DOE s claim nor is it able to estimate its potential liability, if any, for such claim and no expense or liability has been accrued. 
 
 27 

28 

13. 

Uranium Total Technical Solutions segment Total revenue Segment Gross Profit LEU segment Technical Solutions segment Gross profit 

29 

million of revenue. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, four customers in the LEU segment individually represented million, million, million, and million of revenue. One customer in the Technical Solutions segment individually represented million and million of revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 million, million, and million of revenue. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, two customers in the LEU segment individually represented million and million of revenue. One customer in the Technical Solutions segment individually represented million and million of revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 30 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. 
 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements particularly in light of the economic, social, and market uncertainty created by, among other things, the war in Ukraine. See Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview 
 
 Centrus Energy Corp., a Delaware corporation Centrus, the Company , we or us ), is a trusted supplier of nuclear fuel components and services for the nuclear power industry, which provides a reliable source of carbon free energy. References to Centrus , the Company , our , or we include Centrus Energy Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries as well as the predecessor to Centrus, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Centrus operates two business segments: (a) LEU, which supplies various components of nuclear fuel to commercial customers from our global network of suppliers, and (b) Technical Solutions, which provides advanced engineering, design, manufacturing, and services to government and private sector customers and is deploying uranium enrichment through HALEU production and other capabilities necessary for production of advanced nuclear fuel to power existing and next-generation reactors around the world. 
 
 Our LEU segment currently provides most of the Company s revenue and involves the sale of enriched uranium, the fissile component of nuclear fuel, primarily to utilities that operate commercial nuclear power plants. The majority of these sales are for the enrichment component of LEU, which is measured in SWU. Centrus also sells natural uranium hexafluoride (the raw material needed to produce LEU) and occasionally sells uranium concentrates, uranium conversion, or LEU with the natural uranium hexafluoride and SWU components combined into one sale. 
 
 LEU is a critical component in the production of nuclear fuel for reactors that produce electricity. We supply LEU and its components to both domestic and international utilities for use in nuclear reactors worldwide. We provide LEU from multiple sources, including our inventory, medium- and long-term supply contracts, and spot purchases. As a long-term supplier of LEU to our customers, our objective is to provide value through the reliability and diversity of our supply sources. 
 
 Published spot price indicators for SWU reached previous historic highs in April 2009 at 163 per SWU. In the years following the 2011 Fukushima accident in Japan, spot prices declined more than 75 , bottoming out in August 2018 at 34 per SWU. This was followed by a period of price increases, which reached 155 per SWU by December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, spot prices were 180 per SWU, which surpasses the previous historic high. This represents an increase of 16 since the beginning of the year and 429 over the 2018 historic low. This surge in the SWU spot price beginning in 2022 has been driven primarily by uncertainty created as a result of the war in Ukraine, coupled with growing interest in nuclear power as a source of reliable carbon-free energy. 
 
 31 

When Russian supply is included, the uranium enrichment segment of the global nuclear fuel market is oversupplied. But without Russian supply, the global market for uranium enrichment would be undersupplied. Further, it is not clear that there are sufficient inventories of enriched uranium in the United States to compensate for a loss of Russian supply, absent new capacity that will take a number of years to deploy. A report issued by the International Atomic Energy Agency in 2023 reported that while U.S. utilities may have enough inventory to cover one reload of their reactors, truly strategic physical stockpiles are almost non-existent. 1 
 
 Changes in the supply-demand balance and in the competitive landscape arising from the war in Ukraine may affect pricing trends, change customer spending patterns, and create additional uncertainty in the uranium market. At the same time, uncertainty remains about future demand for nuclear power generation. To address such changes and uncertainty, we continue to evaluate opportunities to grow our business organically or through acquisitions and other strategic transactions. 
 
 Our Technical Solutions segment is committed to the restoration of America s domestic uranium enrichment production capability in order to play a critical role in meeting U.S. national security and energy security requirements and advancing America s nonproliferation, energy, and climate objectives. Our Technical Solutions segment is also focused on repairing broken and vulnerable supply chains, providing clean energy jobs, and supporting the communities in which we operate. Our goal is to deliver major components of the next-generation nuclear fuels that will provide reliable carbon-free power around the world. 
 
 Under the HALEU Demonstration Contract, Centrus was engaged by the DOE to construct a cascade of 16 AC100M centrifuges in Piketon, Ohio to demonstrate HALEU production. The DOE has funded the contract up to 173.0 million with a period of performance that ended November 30, 2022. Closeout activities on the HALEU Demonstration Contract are ongoing. The DOE elected to change the scope of the HALEU Demonstration Contract and moved the operational portion of the contract to a new, competitively-awarded contract that would provide for operations beyond the term of the existing HALEU Demonstration Contract. 
 
 On November 10, 2022, the DOE notified Centrus that the Company had been awarded the HALEU Operation Contract and work began on December 1, 2022. The base contract value is approximately 150 million with two phases through 2024. Phase 1 included an approximately 30 million cost-share contribution from Centrus matched by approximately 30 million from the DOE to complete construction of the cascade, begin operations and produce the initial 20 kilograms of HALEU UF 6 by no later than December 31, 2023. On October 11, 2023, the Company announced that it began enrichment operations in Piketon, Ohio. On November 7, 2023, the Company announced that it made its first delivery of HALEU to the DOE, completing Phase 1 by successfully demonstrating its HALEU production process. During November 2023, the Company transitioned to Phase 2 of the HALEU Operation Contract. 
 
 Phase 2 of the HALEU Operation Contract includes production of 900 kilograms of HALEU UF 6 per year as well as continued operations and maintenance. The DOE owns the HALEU produced from the demonstration cascade, and Centrus is being compensated on a cost-plus-incentive-fee basis, with an expected Phase 2 contract value of approximately 90 million, subject to Congressional appropriations. The HALEU Operation Contract also gives DOE options to pay for up to nine additional years of production from the cascade beyond the base contract; those options are at the DOE s sole discretion and subject to the availability of Congressional appropriations. Concurrently, pursuant to an amendment to our lease for the Piketon facility, the DOE assumed all D D liabilities arising out of the HALEU Operation Contract. 

1 International Atomic Energy Agency, Global Inventories of Secondary Uranium Supplies (IAEA-TECDOC-2030), p. 54 (2023). 
 32 

Under the HALEU Operation Contract, DOE is contractually obligated to provide the 5B Cylinders necessary to collect the output of the cascade, but ongoing supply chain challenges have created difficulties for the DOE in timely securing enough 5B Cylinders for the entire production year. To support the DOE in mitigating the risk of further delays in delivery of 5B Cylinders, the Company received technical direction and a contract modification from the DOE to procure compliant 5B Cylinders and components. The contractual obligation to furnish compliant 5B Cylinders under the HALEU Operation Contract continues to rest with the DOE. During periods where quantities of 5B Cylinders are insufficient, the Company will not be able to produce HALEU but will be able to continue operations of the cascade and perform preventive maintenance and regulatory compliance-type activities. Centrus anticipates that the delays in obtaining sufficient 5B Cylinders will be temporary but no longer expects to achieve delivery of the 900 kilograms of HALEU UF 6 anticipated for Phase 2 of the contract, which extends to November 2024. Although inadequate for meeting the full delivery quantity target, the DOE has been successful in locating a small number of 5B Cylinders. Using the 5B Cylinders currently made available by the DOE, Centrus has now achieved cumulative deliveries to the DOE of approximately 332 kilograms of HALEU UF 6 . We anticipate additional 5B Cylinders will be available during the fourth quarter, which will allow the Company to continue producing HALEU. The target fee for Phase 2 of the contract was estimated to be 7.5 million based on the estimated costs for the contract and is subject to a contract minimum fee of 6.9 million. In accordance with the HALEU Operation Contract, the Company has submitted several change requests for work being performed on infrastructure, facility repairs, and 5B Cylinders. The additional work is being performed under the DOE s technical direction. 
 
 The DOE continues to pursue the availability of HALEU for the ARDP and for the advanced reactor market in general. The DOE issued RFPs for deconversion of HALEU into different forms needed to fabricate fuels used by various advanced reactor developers and the production of HALEU on November 28, 2023 and January 9, 2024, respectively. On June 27, 2024, the DOE issued an RFP focusing on the domestic production of LEU to ensure the availability of domestically enriched uranium in a quantity that would be sufficient to address a supply disruption and gaps in domestic production and enrichment. The Company submitted proposals in response to each of these RFPs, with the goal of expanding production capability at the Piketon facility, subject to availability of funding and/or off-take commitments. The DOE plans to award multiple indefinite delivery-indefinite quantity contracts to the successful bidders, after which the awardees will compete for individual task orders. The total to be awarded under the RFPs is 3.4 billion with a minimum of 2.0 million for each award, subject to further appropriations. 
 
 On October 16, 2024, DOE selected ACO and three other awardees under a competitive solicitation aimed at expanding domestic commercial production of HALEU which is needed to fuel many of the next-generation nuclear reactor design currently under development. The contract has a minimum value of 2.0 million and a maximum value of 2.7 billion for all awardees. On October 4, 2024, DOE selected ACO and five other awardees under a separate solicitation aimed at HALEU deconversion, a subsequent step in the HALEU production process. The contract has a minimum value of 2.0 million and a maximum value of 0.8 billion for all awardees The ultimate dollar amount under each contract and the potential scale of the expansion supported will depend upon the scope of task orders that DOE may subsequently issue under the contracts for which we will compete. Although we believe that we are well positioned, there is no assurance that we will be awarded any task orders or any contracts under any of our outstanding RFPs and, if awarded, the nature, timing and amount of the task orders that may be issued under an award is uncertain. 
 
 The war in Ukraine, along with the recently enacted Import Ban Act, which had been contemplated by Congress for more than a year, has contributed to a significant increase in market prices for enrichment and prompted calls for public and private investment in new, domestic uranium enrichment capacity not only for HALEU production, but also for LEU production to support the existing fleet of reactors. As a result, coupled with the Company s award for HALEU production and competing for an award under the June 27, 2024 RFP for LEU production, Centrus is exploring the opportunity to deploy LEU enrichment alongside HALEU enrichment to meet a range of commercial and U.S. government requirements, which would bring cost synergies while increasing revenue opportunities. Our ability to deploy LEU and/or HALEU enrichment, and the timing, sequencing, and scale of those capabilities, is subject to the availability of funding (through DOE awards, outstanding DOE RFP and other sources) and off-take commitments. 
 33 

The Energy Act of 2020 The Energy Act required the DOE to establish a program to support the availability of HALEU for civilian domestic research, development, demonstration, and commercial use. The Energy Act also reauthorized DOE nuclear energy research, development, demonstration, and commercial application activities, including advanced fuel, research and development for advanced reactors, used fuel technologies, and integration of nuclear energy systems for both existing plants and advanced nuclear concepts. It also authorized the funding of an ARDP which was launched by the DOE in May 2020. There are a number of advanced reactors under development that would use HALEU. Nine of the ten advanced reactor designs initially selected by the DOE for its ARDP will require HALEU. Various agencies of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Department of Defense, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and the DOE are building small modular reactors and microreactors, which demonstrates the focus on both the development of microreactors and HALEU. We believe our investments in advanced enrichment technology and our progress in demonstrating HALEU production will position the Company to meet the needs of government and commercial customers in the future as they deploy advanced reactors and next generation fuels and also offers potential cost synergies for a return to LEU production. Further, the Company is taking steps to pursue, including through the exploration of strategic partnerships, technologies that are complementary to HALEU production and critical to the HALEU ecosystem, including deconversion and fuel fabrication. 
 
 While the monthly price indicators have increased for several years, the uranium enrichment segment of the nuclear fuel market remains oversupplied and faces uncertainty about future demand for nuclear power generation. However, without Russian supply, the global market would be undersupplied for uranium enrichment. Recent data from the International Trade Commission shows a significant increase in the importation of enriched uranium into the U.S. from China in 2023 and 2024. If this trend continues, it will likely have significant changes in the competitive landscape that will affect pricing trends and customer spending patterns and create uncertainty and likely have a negative impact on our business. To address these changes, we have taken steps to adjust our cost structure; we may seek further adjustments to our cost structure and operations and evaluate opportunities to grow our business organically or through acquisitions and other strategic transactions . 
 
 We are also actively considering and expect to consider potential strategic transactions from time to time, which could involve, without limitation, acquisitions and/or dispositions of businesses or assets, joint ventures or investments in businesses, products or technologies or changes to our capital structure. For further discussion, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Market Conditions and Outlook 
 
 The global nuclear industry outlook has improved after many years of decline or stagnation. The development of advanced small and large-scale reactors, the innovation of advanced fuel types, and the commitment of nations to begin deploying nuclear power or to increase the share of nuclear power in their nations has created optimism in the market. Part of the momentum has resulted from efforts to lower greenhouse gas emissions to combat climate change and improve health and safety. 
 
 According to the WNA, as of September 2024, there were 67 reactors under construction worldwide, approximately one-half of which are in China. The United States, with over 90 operating reactors, remains the world s largest market for nuclear fuel. The nuclear industry in the United States, Japan, and Europe faces headwinds as well as opportunities. In the United States, the industry has been under pressure from the expansion of subsidized renewable energy as well as relatively low-cost natural gas resources in recent years, although natural gas prices in the U.S. electricity sector tripled between 2020 and 2022 according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration EIA ). Nine U.S. reactors have prematurely shut down in the past ten years, and others could shut down in the next few years. At the same time, construction was completed and commercial operations began in the second quarter of 2024 on one large reactor and one formerly shutdown reactor has plans to restart. The DOE recently released a report outlining a pathway to deployment of approximately 200 gigawatts of additional capacity by 2050, which would triple the nuclear energy capacity in the United States. 
 
 34 

The IEA projects that global nuclear energy generation will grow substantially in the next three decades. In the IEA s 2024 World Energy Outlook , nuclear generation is forecasted to grow by 18 by 2030 and 47 by 2040 under the Stated Policies scenario. In the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario, nuclear generation would grow by 41 by 2030 and more than double by 2040. 

As a consequence of the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, over 60 reactors in Japan and Germany were taken offline, and other countries curtailed or slowed their construction of new reactors or accelerated the retirement of existing plants. In Japan, 12 reactors have restarted and an additional 13 reactors are in the process of restart approval. Due to the war in Ukraine, the EU is encouraging its member countries to reconsider the planned early retirement of existing plants in order to reduce reliance on Russian gas imports. 
 
 In October 2020, the DOC reached an agreement with the Russian Federation on an extension of the RSA, a trade agreement that allows for Russian-origin nuclear fuel to be exported to the United States in limited quantities. The two parties agreed to extend the agreement through 2040 and to set aside a significant portion of the quota for Centrus shipments to the United States through 2028 to perform under our TENEX Supply Contract. This outcome allowed for sufficient quota for Centrus to continue serving its utility customers and support its investments in building new capacity. Use of this quota is subject to compliance with limitations under the RSA. These limitations include a requirement that we return natural uranium to TENEX for the LEU we receive under the TENEX Supply Contract at approximately the same time that we deliver the LEU to our customers. Our ability to meet this requirement depends on the capacity or willingness of the facilities, where natural uranium is supplied to us by customers, to allow us to deliver this natural uranium to TENEX. We were notified by one facility that it will no longer receive natural uranium for TENEX. As a result, we will need to rely to a greater extent on deliveries at other processors or explore other options in order to comply with the RSA s natural uranium delivery requirement. 
 35 

On July 13, 2023, the Company and TerraPower, LLC TerraPower entered into a memorandum of understanding MOU to expand their collaboration aimed at establishing commercial-scale, domestic production capabilities for HALEU to fuel the Natrium TM reactor that TerraPower is building in Wyoming. Under this MOU, the Company and TerraPower will collaborate to ensure the Natrium demonstration reactor will have sufficient HALEU at the milestones necessary to meet the project's 2030 operation date. Subject to a definitive agreement to be negotiated, Centrus will work toward scaling up production capacity with additional centrifuge cascades to meet TerraPower's fuel requirements. 
 
 On August 28, 2023, the Company and Oklo Inc. Oklo announced a new MOU to support the deployment of Oklo s advanced fission powerhouses and advanced nuclear fuel production in Southern Ohio subject to a definitive agreement to be negotiated. Oklo and Centrus plan to enter into a broad range of collaboration programs supporting the development and operation of Oklo s Aurora powerhouses, including supply of HALEU produced by Centrus at the Piketon, Ohio facility. Centrus also intends to buy clean, reliable, and affordable energy from Oklo s planned Ohio plants to power its HALEU production facility. 
 
 The war in Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and the international community. As a result, the United States and other countries have imposed, including through the U.S. s enactment of the Import Ban Act discussed below, and may continue imposing, additional sanctions and export controls against certain Russian products, services, organizations, and/or individuals. Such additional restrictions could affect our ability to purchase, take delivery of, transport, or re-sell Russian uranium enrichment, engage in transactions with TENEX, or implement the TENEX Supply Contract, which would have a negative material impact on our business. Further, sanctions by the United States, Russia or other countries may impact our ability and cost to transport, export, import, take delivery, or make payments related to the LEU we purchase and may require us to increase purchases from non-Russian sources to the extent available. For example, due to restrictions imposed by Canada on the ability of Canadian persons and entities to provide ocean transportation services to Russia, a permit is required for our shipper, a Canadian company, to transport the LEU that we procure under the TENEX Supply Contract to the United States. A Canadian permit issued to our shipper was extended to March 2027, but for so long as the sanctions remain in place, the shipper will require further extensions beyond the current validity of the permit for continued shipments of LEU imports. In addition, on June 24, 2024, members of the EU agreed to issue a 14th sanctions package, primarily targeting the export of Russian liquid natural gas and other services. The sanctions package includes restrictions on the transportation of empty containers to Russia. Since we supply empty cylinders under the TENEX Supply Contract that are filled and returned to us, this new sanctions package may impact the transportation of LEU from Russia to the extent such export activity has a nexus to an EU member state (e.g., through a ship s flag, nationalities of crew members, etc.). This new sanctions package does not impact our near term deliveries. We are working with our shipper to determine the extent of the impact of the new sanctions on the transportation of LEU from Russia which may ultimately require our shipper to obtain special authorizations for the shipment of empty containers to Russia if a nexus with an EU member state exists. The U.S. and Canadian governments have indicated that the EU agrees that this round of sanctions should not capture these containers and are working with the EU to clarify. 
 
 36 

In response to the war in Ukraine, there were proposals to ban imports of uranium products that could cut off or reduce our ability to import LEU in one or more years under the TENEX Supply Contract. In fact, on May 13, 2024, the Import Ban Act was enacted. This new law bans imports of LEU from Russia into the U.S. beginning August 11, 2024, subject to issuance of waivers by the DOE. In accordance with the instructions published by the DOE on May 24, 2024, the Company filed its first waiver request application on May 27, 2024, to permit the importation of LEU already committed for delivery to its U.S. customers in 2024 through 2027. On July 18, 2024, the DOE issued the Company a waiver allowing it to import LEU from Russia for deliveries already committed by the Company to its U.S. customers in years 2024 and 2025. For the years 2026 and 2027, the DOE deferred its decision to an unspecified date closer in time to the deliveries. On June 7, 2024, the Company filed a second waiver request application to allow for importation of LEU from Russia for processing and reexport to the Company's foreign customers and is awaiting DOE's determination. The Company plans to file a third waiver request application to allow for importation of LEU from Russia in 2026 and 2027 for use in the U.S. that have yet to be committed to our customers. The U.S. ban on imports of Russian LEU, without the grant of additional timely waivers, would have a negative material impact on our business. Through 2027, well over one-half of the LEU that we expect to deliver to customers was sourced under the TENEX Supply Contract. While we have other sources of supply, they are not sufficient to replace the TENEX supply. It is uncertain whether any waiver would be granted in response to our pending or any potential future applications and, if granted, whether any waiver would be granted in a timely manner. 
 
 In addition, there is draft legislation in the U.S. Congress designed to impose sanctions on Rosatom which would prohibit (again, subject to government-issued waivers) transactions with TENEX, a subsidiary of Rosatom. Since the enactment of the Import Ban Act, TENEX has continued to implement the TENEX Supply Contract while we pursue waivers from the DOE. However, we do not know what future actions TENEX might take in response to the new law. If TENEX refuses to make future deliveries or otherwise suspends deliveries for an extended period under the TENEX Supply Contract, our delivery obligations to our customers would be negatively impacted, including a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 In addition to limitations targeted specifically at imports of LEU, the expanding sanctions imposed by the United States and foreign governments on the mechanisms used to make payments to Russia and to obtain services, including transportation and other services, have increased the risk that implementation of the TENEX Supply Contract may be disrupted in the future. If the U.S. government were to prohibit companies and individuals from engaging in transactions with Rosatom and its subsidiaries, including TENEX, the Company and its suppliers could not implement the TENEX Supply Contract absent a license or other authorization from the sanctioning government. 
 
 Given all the foregoing, we continue to monitor the situation closely in order to address the potential impact of any new sanctions or restrictions on the Company and possible mitigation thereof. 
 
 For further discussion of these risks and uncertainties, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 Our revenue, operating results, and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. Our LEU segment backlog consists primarily of long-term, fixed commitment contracts and contingent sales commitments, and we have visibility on a significant portion of our revenue for 2024-2027. 
 
 Given the current uncertainty and disruption in the market, due to, among other things, the war in Ukraine, we are no longer providing guidance on our results of operations for 2024. Please see Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 37 

Our future operating results are subject to uncertainties that could affect results either positively or negatively. Among the factors that could affect our results are the following: 
 Our ability to obtain additional waivers to allow us to import LEU from Russia so that we may continue supplying LEU to our customers, given the enactment of the Import Ban Act in May 2024; 
 Conditions in the LEU and energy markets, including pricing, demand, operations, government restrictions on imports, exports or investments, and regulations of our business and activities and those of our customers, suppliers, contractors, and subcontractors; 
 Recently enacted sanctions and the potential for additional sanctions and other measures that restrict with whom we may transact or affect the importation, sales or purchases of SWU or uranium or goods or services required for the sale, purchase, transportation or delivery of such SWU or uranium; 
 Armed conflicts, including the war in Ukraine, government actions and other events or third-party actions that disrupt supply chains, production, transportation, payments, and importation of nuclear materials or other critical supplies or services; 
 The availability and terms of additional purchases or sales of SWU and uranium; 
 Timing of customer orders, related deliveries, and purchases of LEU or LEU components; 
 Costs of and future funding and demand for HALEU; 
 Financial market conditions and other factors that may affect pension and benefit liabilities and the value of related assets; 
 The outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies; 
 Potential use of cash for strategic or financial initiatives; 
 Actions taken by customers and suppliers, including actions that might affect existing contracts; 
 The U.S. government s ability to satisfy its obligations, including supplying government furnished equipment under its agreements with the Company or processing security clearances due to a shutdown or other reasons; and 
 Market, international trade, and other conditions impacting Centrus customers and the industry. 
 For further discussion of these uncertainties, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 38 

Backlog 
 
 The Company s backlog is 3.8 billion and 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and extends to 2040. Backlog is recognized as revenue in future periods as work is performed or deliveries of SWU and uranium are made. 
 
 Our backlog in the LEU segment extends to 2040. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our backlog is approximately 2.8 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively. The backlog is the estimated aggregate dollar amount of revenue for future SWU and uranium deliveries primarily under medium and long-term contracts with fixed commitments and approximately 2.0 billion in contingent LEU sales commitments, subject to entering into definitive agreements, in support of potential construction of LEU production capacity at the Piketon, Ohio facility. The contingent sales commitments depend on our ability to secure substantial public and private investment necessary to build new enrichment capacity. The LEU segment backlog also includes approximately 0.2 billion of deferred revenue and advances from customers as of September 30, 2024, whereby customers have made advance payments to be applied against future deliveries. No orders in our backlog are considered at risk related to customer operations. However, these medium and long-term contracts are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including existing import laws and restrictions such as the RSA, which limits imports of Russian uranium products into the United States and applies to our sales using material procured under the TENEX Supply Contract, as well as the potential for additional sanctions and other restrictions affecting the Company or its suppliers, in response to the evolving situation regarding the war in Ukraine. 
 
 Our backlog in the Technical Solutions segment extends to 2033. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our backlog is approximately 0.9 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively. Our backlog includes both funded amounts (services for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer), unfunded amounts (services for which funding has not been appropriated), and unexercised options in our contracts. If any of our contracts were to be terminated or options not being exercised, our remaining backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the cancelled contracts or forgone options. 
 
 Revenue 
 
 We have two reportable segments: the LEU segment and the Technical Solutions segment. 
 Revenue from our LEU segment is derived primarily from the following: 
 sales of the SWU component of LEU, 
 sales of natural uranium hexafluoride, uranium concentrates or uranium conversion, and 
 sales of enriched uranium product that include both the natural uranium hexafluoride and SWU components of LEU. 
 
 Our Technical Solutions segment reflects our technical, manufacturing, engineering, and operations services offered to public and private sector customers, including engineering and testing activities as well as technical and resource support currently being performed by the Company. This includes the HALEU Operation Contract and other contracts with public and private sector customers. 
 
 39 

SWU and Uranium Sales 
 
 Revenue from our LEU segment accounted for approximately 60 and 79 of our total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The majority of our customers are domestic and international utilities that operate nuclear power plants, with international sales constituting approximately 44 of revenue from our LEU segment since 2022. Our agreements with electric utilities are primarily medium and long-term fixed-commitment contracts under which our customers are obligated to purchase a specified quantity of the SWU component of LEU from us. Contracts where we sell both the SWU and natural uranium hexafluoride components of LEU to utilities or where we sell natural uranium hexafluoride to utilities and other nuclear fuel related companies are generally shorter-term, fixed-commitment contracts. Individual customer orders for the SWU component of LEU fulfilled in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 averaged approximately 9.0 million per order. As a result, a relatively small shift in the timing of customer orders for LEU may cause significant variability in our operating results period over period. 
 
 Utility customers, in general, have the option to make payment but defer receipt of SWU and uranium products purchased from Centrus beyond the contractual sale period, resulting in the deferral of revenue recognition and related costs. Refer to Note 2, Revenue and Contracts with Customers, of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Our financial performance over time can be affected significantly by changes in prices for SWU and natural uranium hexafluoride. Market prices for SWU and uranium significantly declined from 2011 until mid-2018, when they began to trend upward. More recently, market uncertainty in the wake of the war in Ukraine has driven SWU and natural uranium hexafluoride prices sharply higher. Since our backlog includes contracts awarded to us in previous years, the average SWU price billed to customers typically lags published price indicators by several years. While some sales reflect the low prices prevalent in recent years, certain older contracts included in our backlog have prices that are above current market prices. 
 
 The newly enacted Import Ban Act, which bans the importation of LEU from Russia, may severely limit importation through 2027 and will cut off supply of LEU from Russia after 2027. This has drawn attention to the potential for significant tightening of supplies in the market. Russian enrichment plants represent 44 of the world s capacity, and Russian capacity significantly exceeds its domestic needs. According to data from the WNA, the annual enrichment requirements of reactors worldwide outside of Russia vastly exceeds the available supply of non-Russian enrichment, which potentially threatens the viability of some reactors, including those in the United States. While inventories and increased production at non-Russian plants may partially mitigate the shortfall, these options would not fully replace Russian supply. Deployment of new capacity ultimately could replace Russian enrichment, but this capacity will take a number of years and significant funding from private and/or government sources to come online. Centrus is seeking public and private funding to deploy new production capacity at its Piketon, Ohio, plant to help meet the need for new, domestic supplies of enriched uranium. 
 
 40 

The following chart summarizes SWU long-term price and SWU and UF 6 spot price indicators, as published by TradeTech, LLC in Nuclear Market Review : 

SWU and Uranium Market Price Indicators 

Source: Nuclear Market Review , a TradeTech publication, www.uranium.info 

Our contracts with customers are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars, and, although revenue has not been materially affected by changes in the foreign exchange rate of the U.S. dollar, we may have a competitive price advantage or disadvantage in obtaining new contracts in a competitive bidding process depending upon the weakness or strength of the U.S. dollar. Under a customer contract that commenced deliveries in 2023, payments are denominated in euros, and subject to exchange rate risk. Costs of our primary competitors are denominated in other currencies. Our contracts with suppliers are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. We have a SWU supply agreement, that commenced in 2023, with prices payable in a combination of U.S. dollars and euros but with a contract-defined exchange rate. 
 
 On occasion, we accept payment for SWU in the form of natural uranium hexafluoride. Revenue from the sale of SWU under such contracts is recognized at the time LEU is delivered and is based on the fair value of the natural uranium hexafluoride at contract inception, or as the quantity of natural uranium hexafluoride is finalized, if variable. 
 
 41 

Cost of sales for SWU and uranium is based on the amount of SWU and uranium hexafluoride sold and delivered during the period and unit inventory costs, which are determined using the average cost method. Changes in purchase costs have an effect on inventory costs and cost of sales. Cost of sales includes costs for inventory management at off-site licensed locations, as well as, certain legacy costs related to former employees of the Portsmouth GDP and Paducah GDP. 
 
 Technical Solutions 
 
 Our Technical Solutions segment reflects our technical, manufacturing, engineering, and operations services offered to public and private sector customers, including the American Centrifuge engineering, procurement, construction, manufacturing, and operations services being performed under the HALEU Operation Contract. Subject to the availability of sufficient funding and off-take commitments, our goal is to expand our uranium enrichment capacity to meet the full range of U.S. government and commercial requirements for enriched uranium. With our government and private sector customers, we seek to leverage our domestic enrichment experience as well as our engineering know-how and precision manufacturing facility to assist customers with a range of engineering, design, and advanced manufacturing projects, including the production of fuel-related components for next-generation nuclear reactors and the development of related facilities. We continue to invest in advanced technology because of the potential for future growth into new areas of business for the Company, while also preserving our unique workforce at our Technology and Manufacturing Center in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, and our production facility near Piketon, Ohio. 
 
 42 

Results of Operations 
 
 Segment Information 
 
 The following tables present elements of the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income that are categorized by segment (dollar amounts in millions): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change LEU segment Revenue: SWU revenue 34.8 40.5 (5.7) (14) Uranium revenue n/a Total 34.8 40.5 (5.7) (14) Cost of sales 29.6 30.4 (0.8) (3) Gross profit 5.2 10.1 (4.9) (49) Technical Solutions segment Revenue 22.9 10.8 12.1 112 Cost of sales 19.2 9.6 9.6 100 Gross profit 
 3.7 1.2 2.5 208 Total Revenue 57.7 51.3 6.4 12 Cost of sales 48.8 40.0 8.8 22 Gross profit 8.9 11.3 (2.4) (21) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue from the LEU segment was 34.8 million and 40.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 5.7 million (or 14 ). SWU revenue decreased by 5.7 million as a result of a 71 decrease in the volume of SWU sold, partially offset by a 194 increase in the average price of SWU sold. 
 
 Revenue from the Technical Solutions segment was 22.9 million and 10.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 12.1 million (or 112 ). Revenue generated by the HALEU Operation Contract increased by 12.7 million due to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in late 2023. The remaining change was attributable to other contracts. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales for the LEU segment was 29.6 million and 30.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 0.8 million (or 3 ). SWU costs decreased as a result of a 71 decrease in the volume of SWU sold, partially offset by a 229 increase in the average unit cost of SWU sold. Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included 1.9 million and 0.6 million, respectively, for the revaluation of inventory loans. 
 
 43 

Cost of sales for the Technical Solutions segment was 19.2 million and 9.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 9.6 million (or 100 ). Costs incurred for the HALEU Operation Contract increased by 8.8 million due to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in late 2023. The remaining increase was attributable to other contracts. For details on HALEU Operation Contract accounting, refer to Technical Solutions Segment above. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit for the LEU segment was 5.2 million and 10.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 4.9 million (or 49 ). The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was due primarily to the specific contract and pricing mix of SWU contracts and the timing of their deliveries quarter over quarter. This was reflected by a decrease in the volume of SWU sold, partially offset by an increase in the average profit margin per SWU. 
 
 Gross profit for the Technical Solutions segment was 3.7 million and 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 2.5 million (or 208 ). The increase was primarily attributable to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 of the HALEU Operation Contract in late 2023. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change LEU segment Revenue: SWU revenue 198.1 147.4 50.7 34 Uranium revenue 29.9 39.5 (9.6) (24) Total 228.0 186.9 41.1 22 Cost of sales 189.3 126.1 63.2 50 Gross profit 38.7 60.8 (22.1) (36) Technical Solutions segment Revenue 62.4 29.7 32.7 110 Cost of sales 51.4 28.2 23.2 82 Gross profit 11.0 1.5 9.5 633 Total Revenue 290.4 216.6 73.8 34 Cost of sales 240.7 154.3 86.4 56 Gross profit 49.7 62.3 (12.6) (20) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue from the LEU segment was 228.0 million and 186.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 41.1 million (or 22 ). SWU revenue increased by 50.7 million as a result of a 33 increase in the average price of SWU sold and a 2 increase in the volume of SWU sold. Uranium revenue decreased by 9.6 million as a result of a 40 decrease in the volume of uranium sold, partially offset by a 26 increase in the average price of uranium sold. 
 
 44 

Revenue from the Technical Solutions segment was 62.4 million and 29.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 32.7 million (or 110 ). Revenue generated by the HALEU Operation Contract increased by 33.1 million due to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in late 2023. The remaining change was attributable to other contracts. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales for the LEU segment was 189.3 million and 126.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 63.2 million (or 50 ). SWU costs increased as a result of a 75 increase in the average unit cost of SWU sold and a 2 increase in the volume of SWU sold. Uranium costs decreased as a result of a 40 decrease in the volume of uranium sold, partially offset by a 31 increase in the average unit cost of uranium sold. Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included 3.7 million and 3.5 million, respectively, for the revaluation of inventory loans. 
 
 Cost of sales for the Technical Solutions segment was 51.4 million and 28.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 23.2 million (or 82 ). Costs incurred for the HALEU Operation Contract increased by 21.8 million due to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in late 2023. For details on HALEU Operation Contract accounting, refer to Technical Solutions Segment above. The remaining increase was attributable to costs incurred under other contracts. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit for the LEU segment was 38.7 million and 60.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 22.1 million (or 36 ). The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due primarily to the decrease in margin on SWU sales due to the specific contract and pricing mix of SWU contracts and the timing of their deliveries period over period. This was reflected by a decrease in the average profit margin per SWU, partially offset by an increase in the volume of SWU sold. 
 
 Gross profit for the Technical Solutions segment was 11.0 million and 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 9.5 million (or 633 ). The increase was primarily attributable to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 of the HALEU Operation Contract in late 2023. 
 
 45 

Non-Segment Information 
 
 The following tables present elements of the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income that are not categorized by segment (dollar amounts in millions): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Gross profit 8.9 11.3 (2.4) (21) Advanced technology costs 4.1 3.3 0.8 24 Selling, general and administrative 10.0 9.5 0.5 5 Amortization of intangible assets 2.4 1.4 1.0 71 Operating loss 
 (7.6) (2.9) (4.7) (162) Nonoperating components of net periodic benefit loss (income) 
 0.8 (0.6) 1.4 233 Interest expense 0.1 0.4 (0.3) (75) Investment income (2.6) (2.3) (0.3) (13) Other expense (income), net (1.0) 1.0 100 Income (loss) before income taxes (5.9) 0.6 (6.5) (1,083) Income tax benefit 
 (0.9) (7.6) 6.7 88 Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) (5.0) 8.2 (13.2) (161) 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets was 2.4 million and 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 1.0 million (or 71 ). Amortization expense for the intangible asset related to the September 2014 sales backlog is a function of SWU sales volume under that backlog, and amortization expense for the intangible asset related to customer relationships is amortized on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Loss (Income) 
 
 Nonoperating components of net periodic benefit loss (income) netted to a loss of 0.8 million and income of 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a change of 1.4 million (or 233 ). Nonoperating components of net periodic benefit income consist primarily of the expected return on plan assets and the remeasurement related to lump sum payouts, partially offset by interest cost as the discounted present value of benefit obligations nears payment, as described in Note 8, Pension and Postretirement Health and Life Benefits of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Income tax benefit was 0.9 million and 7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 6.7 million (or 88 ). Income tax benefit for both periods resulted from applying the annual effective tax rate to the quarterly income from continuing operations adjusted for discrete items. In addition, a decrease to the federal tax valuation allowance of 7.7 million was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2023. For more information about the valuation allowance, see Note 14, Income Taxes , in our Consolidated Financial Statements on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 46 

Net Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Net income (loss) netted to a loss of 5.0 million and income of 8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a change of 13.2 million (or 161 ). The change of 13.2 million was primarily attributable to a decrease of 6.7 million in income tax benefit and a decrease of 4.9 million in gross profit from the LEU segment, partially offset by an increase of 2.5 million in gross profit from the Technical Solutions segment. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Gross profit 49.7 62.3 (12.6) (20) Advanced technology costs 13.9 10.8 3.1 29 Selling, general and administrative 25.7 27.5 (1.8) (7) Amortization of intangible assets 7.2 4.2 3.0 71 Operating income 2.9 19.8 (16.9) (85) Nonoperating components of net periodic benefit loss (income) 
 (15.4) 0.1 (15.5) (15,500) Interest expense 0.8 0.9 (0.1) (11) Investment income (7.8) (6.4) (1.4) (22) Other expense (income), net 0.1 (1.0) 1.1 110 Income before income taxes 
 25.2 26.2 (1.0) (4) Income tax expense (benefit) 5.7 (1.9) 7.6 400 Net income and comprehensive income 
 19.5 28.1 (8.6) (31) 
 
 Advanced Technology Costs 
 
 Advanced technology costs were 13.9 million and 10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 3.1 million (or 29 ). Advanced technology costs consist of American Centrifuge work and related expenses that are outside of our customer contracts in the Technical Solutions segment, including bid and proposal activities and work to improve our centrifuge manufacturing capability. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative costs were 25.7 million and 27.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1.8 million (or 7 ). This decrease was due primarily to a decrease in employee-related expenses, including equity related compensation. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets was 7.2 million and 4.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 3.0 million (or 71 ). Amortization expense for the intangible asset related to the September 2014 backlog is a function of SWU sales volume under that backlog, and amortization expense for the intangible asset related to customer relationships is amortized on a straight-line basis. 
 47 

Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Loss (Income) 
 
 Nonoperating components of net periodic benefit loss (income) netted to income of 15.4 million and a loss of 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a change of 15.5 million (or 15,500 ). The change is primarily due to the 16.8 million remeasurement gain driven by the partial annuitization of two pension plans in May 2024. The remaining change is primarily related to the expected return on plan assets, partially offset by interest cost as the discounted present value of benefit obligations nears payment, as described in Note 8, Pension and Postretirement Health and Life Benefits of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 
 Income tax expense was 5.7 million and income tax benefit was 1.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a change of 7.6 million (or 400 ). Income tax expense (benefit) for both periods resulted from applying the annual effective tax rate to the quarterly income from continuing operations adjusted for discrete items. In addition, a decrease to the federal tax valuation allowance of 7.7 million was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For more information about the valuation allowance, see Note 14, Income Taxes , in our Consolidated Financial Statements on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Net Income and Comprehensive Income 
 
 Net income was 19.5 million and 28.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 8.6 million (or 31 ). The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of 22.1 million in gross profit in the LEU segment and an increase in income tax expense of 7.6 million, partially offset by an increase of 15.5 million in nonoperating components of net periodic benefit income and an increase of 9.5 million in gross profit from the Technical Solutions segment. 
 
 48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance of 194.3 million. In addition, there was 29.8 million of restricted cash related to three inventory loans, which required a cash deposit into an escrow fund. See Note 3 , Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company anticipates having adequate liquidity to support our business operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our view of liquidity is dependent on, among other things, conditions affecting our operations, including market, international trade restrictions, sanctions and other conditions, the impact of the May 2024 enactment of the Import Ban Act and our ability to obtain additional waivers thereunder, the level of expenditures and government funding for our services contracts, and the timing of customer payments. Liquidity requirements for our existing operations are affected primarily by the timing and amount of customer sales and our inventory purchases. 
 
 The Company believes its LEU segment backlog is a source of stability for our liquidity position. Subject to market conditions, we see the potential for growing uncommitted demand for LEU during the next few years with accelerated open demand in 2025 and beyond. 
 
 Cash resources and net sales proceeds from our LEU segment fund technology costs that are outside of our customer contracts in the Technical Solutions segment and general corporate expenses, including cash interest payments on our debt. We believe our investment in advanced U.S. uranium enrichment technology will position the Company to meet the needs of our customers as they deploy advanced reactors and require next generation fuels. 
 
 On November 10, 2022, the Company was awarded the HALEU Operation Contract. The HALEU Operation Contract provides for a 50/50 cost-share contract for Phase 1 of the base contract to complete the cascade, begin operations and produce the initial, small quantity demonstration HALEU. Phase 2 includes continued operations and maintenance on a cost-plus-incentive-fee basis. Finally, the HALEU Operation Contract includes options for the government to unilaterally extend performance for up to an additional nine years comprised of three options of three years each, also on a cost-plus-incentive-fee basis. The Company also is performing additional work on infrastructure and facility repairs and costs associated with 5B Cylinder refurbishment under the DOE s technical direction. The Company s goal is to modularly scale up the facility as demand for HALEU grows in the commercial and government sectors, subject to the availability of funding and/or contracts to purchase the output of the plant. 
 
 Although the Company believes demand for HALEU will emerge over the next several years, there are no guarantees about whether or when government or commercial demand for HALEU will materialize, and there are a number of technical, regulatory, and economic hurdles that must be overcome for these fuels and the reactors that will use these fuels to come to market. For further discussion, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 If funding by the U.S. government of gas centrifuge technology is reduced or discontinued, or we are not awarded a future DOE contract to continue to operate the cascade or expand it, such actions may have a material adverse impact on our ability to deploy the American Centrifuge technology and on our liquidity. 
 
 Capital expenditures of approximately 22.5 million are anticipated over the next 12 months. 
 
 On October 12, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with an insurer Insurer for one of its defined benefit plans to purchase a group annuity contract and transferred approximately 186.5 million of its pension plan obligations to the insurer. The purchase of the group annuity contract was funded directly by the assets of the pension plan of approximately 171.4 million. The purchase resulted in a transfer of benefit administrative responsibilities for approximately 1,400 beneficiaries effective December 1, 2023. The Company recorded income related to the pension settlement in the fourth quarter of 28.6 million, which was included in Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Income in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 49 

On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with an insurer Insurer for two of its defined benefit plans to purchase a group annuity contract and transferred approximately 234 million of its pension plan obligations to the insurer. The purchase of the group annuity contract was funded directly by the assets of the pension plan of approximately 224 million. The purchase resulted in a transfer of future benefit obligations and administrative responsibilities for more than 1,000 beneficiaries effective September 1, 2024. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company transferred 15.4 million of pension plan assets and the related obligations under two participating group annuity contracts to two non-participating group additional agreements for two of its defined benefit plans. The purchase resulted in a transfer of future benefit obligations and administrative responsibilities for more than 400 beneficiaries effective October 1, 2024. 
 
 The Company recognized income related to these events of 0.2 million 16.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, in Nonoperating Components of Net Periodic Benefit Loss (Income) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 We are also actively considering and expect to consider potential strategic transactions from time to time, which at any given time may be in various stages of discussion, diligence, or negotiation. These could involve, without limitation, acquisitions and/or dispositions of businesses or assets, joint ventures or investments in businesses, products or technologies, or changes to our capital structure. In connection with any such transaction, we would seek to satisfy these needs through a combination of working capital, cash generated from operations, or additional debt or equity financing. 
 
 The change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are as follows on a summarized basis (in millions): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash used in operating activities (20.9) (8.8) Cash used in investing activities (3.4) (1.1) Cash provided by financing activities 17.4 13.9 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (0.6) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (6.9) 3.4 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 20.9 million. The net decrease was primarily due to approximately 262 million of disbursements for operations, of which approximately 203 million relates to payments for LEU inventory deliveries and cash outflows for the Technical Solutions segment, with the remaining disbursements being for corporate administration, benefits claims, and advanced technology costs. These cash outflows were partially offset by approximately 241 million in cash collections, the majority of which is customer collections. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 8.8 million. The net decrease was primarily due to approximately 251 million of disbursements for operations, of which approximately 200 million relates to payments for LEU inventory deliveries and cash outflows for the Technical Solutions segment, with the remaining disbursements being for corporate administration, benefits claims, and advanced technology costs. These cash outflows were partially offset by approximately 242 million in cash collected from customers, investment income, and reimbursements for postretirement health and life benefits paid by the Company. 
 
 50 

Investing Activities 
 
 Capital expenditures were 3.4 million and 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash of 23.4 million and 23.2 million, respectively, was provided from the net proceeds related to the issuance of 567,491 and 722,568 shares, respectively, of Class A Common Stock under ATM offerings. For both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, payments of 6.1 million of interest classified as debt are classified as a financing activity. Refer to Note 6 , Debt, of the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding the accounting for the 8.25 Notes maturing in February 2027. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s working capital (in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 194.3 201.2 Accounts receivable 19.1 49.4 Inventories, net 189.9 222.1 Current debt (6.1) (6.1) Deferred revenue and advances from customers, net of deferred costs (147.7) (165.0) Other current assets and liabilities, net (49.5) (87.3) Working capital 200.0 214.3 
 
 We are managing our working capital to seek to improve the long-term value of our LEU and Technical Solutions businesses and are planning to continue funding the Company s qualified pension plans because we believe these uses of working capital are in the best interest of all stakeholders. We expect that any other uses of working capital will be undertaken in light of these strategic priorities and will be based on the Company s determination as to the relative strength of its operating performance and prospects, financial position, and expected liquidity requirements. In addition, we expect that any such other uses of working capital will be subject to compliance with contractual restrictions to which the Company and its subsidiaries are subject, including the terms and conditions of our 8.25 Notes. We continually evaluate alternatives to manage our capital structure and may opportunistically repurchase, exchange, or redeem Company securities from time to time. 
 
 51 

2023 Shelf Registration 
 
 The Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-272984) with the SEC on June 28, 2023, which became effective on July 10, 2023. Pursuant to this shelf registration statement, the Company may offer and sell up to 200 million in securities, in aggregate. The Company retains broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered. 
 
 Common Stock Issuance 
 
 On February 9, 2024, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (collectively, the Agents ), relating to the ATM offering of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Pursuant to this sales agreement, the Company sold an aggregate of 115,661 and 567,491 shares of its Class A Common Stock at the market price in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, for a total of 4.6 million and 24.5 million, respectively. After expenses and commissions paid to the Agents, the Company s proceeds totaled 4.5 million and 23.8 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Additionally, the Company recorded direct costs of less than 0.1 million and 0.1 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to the issuance. The shares of Class A Common Stock were issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-272984), which became effective on July 10, 2023, and a prospectus supplement dated February 9, 2024. 
 
 Pursuant to a separate sales agreement with its Agents, the Company sold, through its ATM offering at the market price, an aggregate of 0 and 722,568 shares of its Class A Common Stock in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for a total of 0 and 24.4 million, respectively. After expenses and commissions paid to the Agents, the Company s proceeds totaled 0 and 23.4 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company recorded direct costs of 0 and 0.2 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the issuance. The shares of Class A Common Stock were issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239242), which became effective on August 5, 2020, and two prospectus supplements dated December 31, 2020 and December 5, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Unless otherwise specified in any prospectus supplement, the Company has used and/or intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of its securities offered under these prospectuses for working capital and general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, potential acquisitions and other business opportunities. Pending any specific application, the Company may initially invest funds in short-term marketable securities or apply them to the reduction of indebtedness. 
 
 Rights Agreement 
 
 On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into a Sixth Amendment to the Section 382 Rights Agreement, which amends the Rights Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2016 , by and among the Company, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., as rights agent, as previously amended by (i) the First Amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 14, 2017, (ii) the Second Amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of April 3, 2019, (iii) the Third Amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of April 13, 2020, (iv) the Fourth Amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of June 16, 2021, and (v) the Fifth Amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of June 20, 2023. 
 
 The Fifth Amendment to the Rights Agreement (i) increased the purchase price for each one one-thousandth (1/1000th) of a share of the Company s Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value 1.00 per share, from 18.00 to 160.38; and (ii) extended the Final Expiration Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) from June 30, 2023 to June 30, 2026. 
 52 

The Fifth Amendment was not adopted as a result of, or in response to, any effort to acquire control of the Company. The Fifth Amendment was adopted in order to preserve for the Company s stockholders the long-term value of the Company s NOL carryforwards for United States federal income tax purposes and other tax benefits. 
 
 The Sixth Amendment was approved by the Board on May 28, 2024 and makes clarifying changes relating to the definition of Beneficial Owner , beneficially owned and Beneficial Ownership contained in the Rights Agreement. 
 
 Capital Structure and Financial Resources 
 
 Interest on the 8.25 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears as of February 28 and August 31 based on a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The 8.25 Notes are guaranteed on a subordinated and limited basis by, and secured by substantially all assets of, Enrichment Corp. The 8.25 Notes mature on February 28, 2027. Additional terms and conditions of the 8.25 Notes are described in Note 6 , Debt, of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 8 , Debt, of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Contractual Commitments 
 
 There have been no material changes to our contractual commitments from those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 DOE Technology License 
 
 We have a non-exclusive license in DOE inventions that pertain to enriching uranium using gas centrifuge technology. The license agreement with DOE provides for annual royalty payments based on a varying percentage (1 up to 2 of our annual revenues from sales of the SWU component of LEU produced by us using DOE centrifuge technology. There is a minimum annual royalty payment of 100,000 and the maximum cumulative royalty over the life of the license is 100 million. There is currently no commercial enrichment facility producing LEU using DOE centrifuge technology. We are continuing to advance our U.S. centrifuge technology that has evolved from DOE inventions at specialized facilities in Oak Ridge, Tennessee with a view to deploying a commercial enrichment facility over the long term. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Other than our SWU purchase commitments and the license agreement with DOE relating to the American Centrifuge technology, there were no material off-balance sheet arrangements at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no significant changes to the critical accounting estimates disclosed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to our market risks from those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

53 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Centrus maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Centrus in reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported in the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our management performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 54 

PART II 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Refer to Note 12 , Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters, of our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None of our directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 55 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 
 Modification 11 to Agreement, dated August 14 , 2024, by and between American Centrifuge Operating, LLC and the U.S. Department of Energy. (a) 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). (a) 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). (a) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. (a) 
 101 Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed in interactive data file (formatted as Inline XBRL). 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(a) Filed herewith. 
 
 56 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Centrus Energy Corp. October 29, 2024 /s/ Kevin J. Harrill Kevin J. Harrill Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 57 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit_101x09302024xhal.htm
 EX-10.1

exhibit_101x09302024xhal 

___________ (x) x 89243223CNE000030 copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted ; or (c) By separate letter or electronic communication which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted , such change may be made by letter or electronic communication, provided each letter or electronic communication makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. See Schedule L8VHV5CNBV97 AMERICAN CENTRIFUGE OPERATING, LLC 00701 Idaho Falls ID 83415 1955 Fremont Avenue Idaho Operations Office U.S. Department of Energy 892432 Idaho Falls ID 83415 1955 Fremont Avenue Idaho Operations Office U.S. Department of Energy 24NE000382See Block 16CP00011 41 13. THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO MODIFICATION OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14. 12. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA (If required) is not extended.is extended, Items 8 and 15, and returning Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended , by one of the following methods: (a) By completing The above numbered solicitation is amended as set forth in Item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offers 11. THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO AMENDMENTS OF SOLICITATIONS FACILITY CODE CODE 10B. DATED (SEE ITEM 13) 10A. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT/ORDER NO. 9B. DATED (SEE ITEM 11) 9A. AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION NO. CODE 8. NAME AND ADDRESS OF CONTRACTOR (No., street, county, State and ZIP Code) 7. ADMINISTERED BY (If other than Item 6)CODE 6. ISSUED BY PAGE OF PAGES 4. REQUISITION/PURCHASE REQ. NO.3. EFFECTIVE DATE2. AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION NO. 5. PROJECT NO. (If applicable) 1. CONTRACT ID CODE AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT 11/30/2022 Attn: Charles Kerner 6901 Rockledge Dr Ste 800 Bethesda MD 208171867 Net Increase: 29,252,011.90 CHECK ONE A. THIS CHANGE ORDER IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify authority) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES (such as changes in paying office, C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF: D. OTHER (Specify type of modification and authority) appropriation data, etc.) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43.103(b). E. IMPORTANT: Contractor is not is required to sign this document and return __________________ copies to the issuing office. ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. Incremental Funding; FAR 52.232-22 Limitation of Funds; x 14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.) X UEI: L8VHV5CNBV97 The purpose of this amendment to the Contract is to: 1. Provide Incremental Funding to CLIN 0002 in the amount of 28,906,490.90, changing the total obligation from 54,244,355.23 to 83,150,846.13. 2. Provide Incremental Funding to CLIN 0006 in the amount of 345,521.00, changing the total obligation from 1,051,128.00 to 1,396,649.00. 3. The total Target Cost of CLIN 0006 is changed from 1,051,128 to 1,396,649. 4. Total obligation for this modification is 29,252,011.90, changing the total obligation from 89,097,988.10 to 118,350,000.00. 5. Authorize the purchase and installation of one replacement X-6000 2400V transformers Continued ... 16A. NAME AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or print)15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (Type or print) 15C. DATE SIGNED 16B. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR 16C. DATE SIGNED (Signature of person authorized to sign) (Signature of Contracting Officer) Jeffrey C. Fogg STANDARD FORM 30 (REV. 11/2016) Prescribed by GSA FAR (48 CFR) 53.243 Previous edition unusable Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9 A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect . 08/14/2024 CHARLES KERNER (Affiliate) Digitally signed by CHARLES KERNER (Affiliate) Date: 2024.08.14 13:54:12 -04'00' JEFFREY FOGG Digitally signed by JEFFREY FOGG Date: 2024.08.14 12:52:00 -06'00' 

ITEM NO. SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT NAME OF OFFEROR OR CONTRACTOR 2 4 CONTINUATION SHEET REFERENCE NO. OF DOCUMENT BEING CONTINUED PAGE OF AMERICAN CENTRIFUGE OPERATING, LLC (A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) 89243223CNE000030/P00011 under CLIN 0006(no fee) in the amount of 345,521. All other terms and conditions remain the same. Payment: OR for Idaho https://vipers.doe.gov Any questions, please contact by call/email 855-384-7377 or VipersSupport@hq.doe.gov Period of Performance: 12/01/2022 to 12/31/2024 Change Item 00002 to read as follows(amount shown is the total amount): 00002 Ongoing Cascade Operation and Production of 900 90,689,166.00 kg minimum of HALEU, Year 1 (Phase 2) Line item value is: 90,689,166.00 Incrementally Funded Amount: 83,150,846.13 Accounting Info: 07900-2023-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2023 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 07900-2023-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2023 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 07900-2023-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2023 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 07900-2023-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2023 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: Continued ... NSN 7540-01-152-8067 OPTIONAL FORM 336 (4-86) Sponsored by GSA FAR (48 CFR) 53.110 

ITEM NO. SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT NAME OF OFFEROR OR CONTRACTOR 3 4 CONTINUATION SHEET REFERENCE NO. OF DOCUMENT BEING CONTINUED PAGE OF AMERICAN CENTRIFUGE OPERATING, LLC (A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) 89243223CNE000030/P00011 05350-2024-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 05350 Appr Year: 2024 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 05350-2024-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 05350 Appr Year: 2024 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 07900-2024-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2024 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 05350-2024-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 05350 Appr Year: 2024 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 28,906,490.90 Change Item 00006 to read as follows(amount shown is the total amount): 00006 CLIN 0006 Additional Scope - Infrastructure and 1,396,649.00 Facility Repairs Line item value is: 1,396,649.00 Incrementally Funded Amount: 1,396,649.00 Accounting Info: 07900-2023-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2023 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Accounting Info: 07900-2024-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 07900 Appr Year: 2024 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 0.00 Continued ... NSN 7540-01-152-8067 OPTIONAL FORM 336 (4-86) Sponsored by GSA FAR (48 CFR) 53.110 

ITEM NO. SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT NAME OF OFFEROR OR CONTRACTOR 4 4 CONTINUATION SHEET REFERENCE NO. OF DOCUMENT BEING CONTINUED PAGE OF AMERICAN CENTRIFUGE OPERATING, LLC (A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) 89243223CNE000030/P00011 Accounting Info: 05350-2024-60-302218-25233-2721136-0000000-0000000 -0000000 Fund: 05350 Appr Year: 2024 Allottee: 60 Report Entity: 302218 Object Class: 25233 Program: 2721136 Project: 0000000 WFO: 0000000 Local Use: 0000000 Funded: 345,521.00 NSN 7540-01-152-8067 OPTIONAL FORM 336 (4-86) Sponsored by GSA FAR (48 CFR) 53.110 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit_311x20240930.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Amir V. Vexler, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Centrus Energy Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 29, 2024 
 s Amir V. Vexler Amir V. Vexler President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit_312x20240930.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Kevin J. Harrill, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Centrus Energy Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 29, 2024 
 s Kevin J. Harrill Kevin J. Harrill Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit_321x20240930.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Centrus Energy Corp. for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, Amir V. Vexler, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kevin J. Harrill, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer, each hereby certifies, that, to his knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Centrus Energy Corp. 

October 29, 2024 
 s Amir V. Vexler Amir V. Vexler President and Chief Executive Officer 

October 29, 2024 
 s Kevin J. Harrill Kevin J. Harrill Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 leu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 leu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 leu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 leu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 leu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

