<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1739104_0001739104-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6717598</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103092</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1407238</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2146405</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1608873</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1328993</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001739104-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107090758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001739104-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Elanco Animal Health Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001739104
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				825497352
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38661
		FILM NUMBER:		241433458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 INNOVATION WAY
		CITY:			GREENFIELD
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46140
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-352-6261

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 INNOVATION WAY
		CITY:			GREENFIELD
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46140

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001739104-24-000039.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 elan-20240930.htm
 10-Q FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

elan-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from _________ to _______ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 orporated 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) DIANA 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , DIANA 
 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of a large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of November 4, 2024 was . 

ELANCO ANIMAL HEALTH INCORPORATED 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART 1 . Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 4 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 5 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 6 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 7 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 8 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 OVERVIEW 
 22 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 
 SUMMARY OF CHANGES 
 24 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 28 
 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 30 
 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 
 PART II . Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 31 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 32 
 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 32 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 32 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 33 
 SIGNATURES 
 34 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 1 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Form 10-Q) includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements concerning the impact on Elanco Animal Health Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively, Elanco, the Company, we, us or our) caused by the integration of business acquisitions, expected synergies and cost savings, product launches, global macroeconomic conditions, expectations relating to liquidity and sources of capital, our expected compliance with debt covenants, cost savings, expenses and reserves relating to restructuring actions, our industry and our operations, performance and financial condition, and including, in particular, statements relating to our business, growth strategies, distribution strategies, product development efforts and future expenses. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory conditions, including but not limited to the following: 
 operating in a highly competitive industry; 
 the success of our research and development (R D) and licensing efforts; 
 the impact of disruptive innovations and advances in veterinary medical practices, animal health technologies and alternatives to animal-derived protein; 
 competition from generic products that may be viewed as more cost-effective; 
 changes in regulatory restrictions on the use of antibiotics in farm animals; 
 an outbreak of infectious disease carried by farm animals; 
 risks related to the evaluation of animals; 
 consolidation of our customers and distributors; 
 the impact of increased or decreased sales into our distribution channels resulting in fluctuations in our revenues; 
 our dependence on the success of our top products; 
 our ability to complete acquisitions and divestitures and to successfully integrate the businesses we acquire; 
 our ability to implement our business strategies or achieve targeted cost efficiencies and gross margin improvements; 
 manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances, including at our contract manufacturers; 
 fluctuations in inventory levels in our distribution channels; 
 risks related to the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in our business; 
 our dependence on sophisticated information technology systems and infrastructure, including the use of third-party, cloud-based technologies, and the impact of outages or breaches of the information technology systems and infrastructure we rely on; 
 the impact of weather conditions, including those related to climate change, and the availability of natural resources; 
 demand, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of a human disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic or other widespread public health concern; 
 the loss of key personnel or highly skilled employees; 
 adverse effects of labor disputes, strikes and/or work stoppages; 
 the effect of our substantial indebtedness on our business, including restrictions in our debt agreements that limit our operating flexibility and changes in our credit ratings that lead to higher borrowing expenses and may restrict access to credit; 
 changes in interest rates that may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows; 
 risks related to the write-down of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets; 
 the lack of availability or significant increases in the cost of raw materials; 
 risks related to our presence in foreign markets; 
 risks related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 risks related to underfunded pension plan liabilities; 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 2 

Table of Contents 

 our current plan not to pay dividends and restrictions on our ability to pay dividends; 
 the potential impact that actions by activist shareholders could have on the pursuit of our business strategies; 
 risks related to tax expense or exposure; 
 actions by regulatory bodies, including as a result of their interpretation of studies on product safety; 
 the possible slowing or cessation of acceptance and/or adoption of our farm animal sustainability initiatives; 
 the impact of increased regulation or decreased governmental financial support related to the raising, processing or consumption of farm animals; 
 risks related to the modification of foreign trade policy; 
 the impact of litigation, regulatory investigations and other legal matters, including the risk to our reputation and the risk that our insurance policies may be insufficient to protect us from the impact of such matters; 
 challenges to our intellectual property rights or our alleged violation of rights of others; 
 misuse, off-label or counterfeiting use of our products; 
 unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns and the impact of identified concerns associated with our products; 
 insufficient insurance coverage against hazards and claims; 
 compliance with privacy laws and security of information; and 
 risks related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
 See Item 1A, Risk Factors, of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 2023 Form 10-K ), and Part II of this Form 10-Q, for a further description of these and other factors. Although we have attempted to identify important risk factors, there may be other risk factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report. If any of these risks materialize, or if any of the above assumptions underlying forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual results and developments may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report. We caution you against relying on any forward-looking statements, which should also be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included elsewhere in this quarterly report. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this quarterly report speaks only as of the date hereof. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or to revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per-share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs, expenses and other: Cost of sales Research and development Marketing, selling and administrative Amortization of intangible assets 
 Asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges 
 Goodwill impairment Gain on divestiture ) ) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Other expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 4 

Table of Contents 

 Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 (in millions) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Cash flow hedges, net of taxes ) ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of taxes ) ) ) Defined benefit plans, net of taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 5 

Table of Contents 

 Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net 
 Other receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Noncurrent Assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net Other noncurrent assets Property and equipment, net 
 Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable Sales rebates and discounts Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred taxes Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 6 

Table of Contents 

 Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Cash Flow Hedges Foreign Currency Translation Defined Benefit Plans Total Total Equity December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Stock-based compensation activity, net Conversion of tangible equity units (TEUs) into common stock March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Stock-based compensation activity, net June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation activity, net September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation activity, net March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation activity, net June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Stock-based compensation activity, net September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 7 

Table of Contents 

 Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment Stock-based compensation expense Asset impairment and write-down charges Gain on divestiture ) Proceeds from interest rate swap settlements Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures 
 ) Other non-cash operating activities, net ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Net purchases of property and equipment and software ) ) Cash paid for acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from business divestitures Proceeds from previous sale of Shawnee and Speke facilities (see Note 4) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Other investing activities, net ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Investing Activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from Revolving Credit Facility Repayments of Revolving Credit Facility ) ) Proceeds from Securitization Facility Repayments of Securitization Facility ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) Net Cash (Used for) Provided by Financing Activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 8 

Table of Contents 

 Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 (Tables present dollars and shares in millions, except per-share and per-unit data) 

The significant accounting policies set forth in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in our 2023 Form 10-K and the footnotes herein appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of our accounting policies. 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 9 

Table of Contents 

Reduction of revenue Payments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Ending balance 
 Adjustments to revenue recognized due to changes in estimates for products shipped in previous periods were not material for either the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Actual global product returns were approximately of net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 10 

Table of Contents 

 Farm Animal: Cattle Poultry Swine Aqua Total Farm Animal Contract Manufacturing (1) 
 Revenue 
 
 International Revenue 
 We have a single customer that accounted for approximately and of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Product sales with this customer resulted in accounts receivable of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

million. NutriQuest is a provider of swine, poultry and cattle nutritional health products to animal producers. The acquisition helped us expand our existing nutritional health offerings and further our efforts to explore innovative antibiotic alternatives. 
 Deferred cash consideration paid January 4, 2024 Fair value of contingent consideration Total purchase consideration 
 Contingent consideration for this acquisition includes up to million of cash consideration payable if specific development, sales and geographic expansion milestones are achieved, as outlined in the asset purchase agreement. The initial fair value of this contingent consideration liability of million was estimated at the acquisition date using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which represented a Level 3 measurement under the fair value hierarchy (see Note 10. Fair Value for further information). 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 11 

Table of Contents 

 Intangible assets: Marketed products Acquired in-process research and development (IPR D) Other intangible assets Total identifiable assets Goodwill Total consideration transferred 
 Other intangible assets consist of customer relationships and trade names. The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately years on a straight-line basis. 
 NutriQuest Brazil 
 On August 1, 2023, we acquired NutriQuest Brazil for total purchase consideration of million. The composition of the purchase price included cash paid on the closing date of million, with additional consideration payable through 2026 valued at approximately million, a portion of which is contingent upon the continuation of certain terms and conditions set forth in the asset purchase agreement. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets Total identifiable assets Goodwill Total consideration transferred 
 The acquired definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately on a straight-line basis. 
 Divestitures 
 Aqua Business 
 On July 9, 2024, we closed the sale of our aqua business to Intervet International B.V., a Dutch subsidiary of Merck Animal Health, for million in cash, the vast majority of which was utilized to repay outstanding term loan debt following the close of the transaction (see Note 8. Debt for further information). Our aqua business included products across both warm-water and cold-water species and generated revenues of million in 2024, through the divestiture date, and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Given that we operate our business as a single reporting unit, we are unable to reasonably determine stand-alone costs and related earnings or loss before income taxes attributable to our aqua business. We also determined that the sale did not qualify for reporting as a discontinued operation, as it did not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and/or financial results. Assets sold included inventories, real property and equipment, including our manufacturing sites in Canada and Vietnam, and certain intellectual property, technology and other intangible assets, including marketed products. Additionally, approximately commercial and manufacturing employees were transferred to Merck Animal Health as part of this divestiture. 
 Goodwill Other intangibles, net Property and equipment, net Other assets Total assets 
 Upon close, based on the aggregate carrying value of our aqua business disposal group of million and million in costs to sell, we recorded a pre-tax gain on divestiture of million. Income tax expense of million related to the taxable gain was also recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. In determining the amount of goodwill to include in our aqua business disposal group, a portion of our single reporting 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 12 

Table of Contents 

 period, and we received cash proceeds of million from TriRx in 2022. In May 2023, we entered into amendments to the agreements (the amended agreement), which effectively restructured the payment schedule related to the remaining amount owed. At December 31, 2023, our remaining net receivable balance from TriRx under the amended agreement was million. In February 2024, we received million, in addition to accrued interest. 
 In September 2024, TriRx Speke Ltd, an affiliate of TriRx, entered into trading administration, a formal insolvency process in the U.K. designed to help companies facing severe financial challenges regain stability. As a result of the site entering into trading administration, we impaired the remaining million value of a contract asset related to a favorable supply agreement with TriRx. This impairment charge was included within asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges within our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Acquisition and divestiture-related charges (2) 
 Non-cash and other items: Asset impairments (3) 
 Other Total expense 
 (1) Restructuring charges in 2024 primarily related to expected cash-based severance costs associated with a restructuring program approved and announced in February 2024 intended to reallocate resources by shifting international resources from farm animal to pet health. This restructuring program also resulted in changes in how we operate in and sell into the Argentina market, among others. 
 (2) Acquisition and divestiture-related charges in 2024 consisted of transaction costs directly related to the recent divestiture of our aqua business (see Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements for further information). Acquisition and divestiture-related charges in 2023 primarily represented costs associated with the implementation of new systems, programs and processes due to the integration of Bayer Animal Health. 
 (3) Asset impairments in 2024 principally included the write-off of our IL-4R IPR D asset million) during the second quarter and million of asset impairments in the third quarter tied to the financial difficulties of our contract manufacturing supply partner, TriRx, the largest of which was a million impairment of a contract asset related to a favorable supply agreement (see Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements for further information). Asset impairments in 2023 primarily related to the write-down of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets due to increases in the relevant discount rates. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 13 

Table of Contents 

 Charges Cash paid ) Non-cash items and other ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 million was included within other current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024, with the remainder included within other noncurrent liabilities. 

Work in process Raw materials and supplies Total Decrease to LIFO cost ) ) Inventories 

million in TEUs at the stated amount of per unit. The TEU prepaid stock purchase contracts were converted into shares of our common stock on February 1, 2023. Holders of our TEUs received shares of our common stock based on the maximum settlement rate for the applicable market value being below . In total, we issued approximately million shares to holders in connection with the settlement. 

Incremental Term Facility due 2028 Incremental Term Facility due 2029 Incremental Term Facility due 2031 (1) 
 Term Loan B due 2027 Revolving Credit Facility (2) 
 Securitization Facility (3) 
 Senior Notes due 2028 (4) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 (1) On August 13, 2024, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement with Farm Credit Mid-America, PCA (Farm Credit). Utilizing a portion of the proceeds from this new facility, we repaid our Incremental Term Facility due 2025 in full. See below for further details. 
 (2) On July 3, 2024, we amended our Revolving Credit Facility, which extended its maturity through July 2029. Our Revolving Credit Facility provides up to million in borrowing capacity and bears interest at Term SOFR plus a spread dependent on our Net Total Leverage Ratio, as defined within the amended agreement, which was as of September 30, 2024. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 14 

Table of Contents 

 million, bears interest at Term SOFR plus and matures in July 2026. 
 (4) Subsequent to issuance in August 2018, our Senior Notes due 2028 have been subject to interest rate increases related to credit rating agency downgrades. As of September 30, 2024, these notes bear interest at a rate of . 
 2024 Financing 
 On August 13, 2024, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement with Farm Credit, supplementing and amending our existing credit agreement dated August 1, 2020, related to our senior secured credit facility. The incremental assumption agreement provides for an incremental term facility (the Incremental Term Facility due 2031) with an aggregate principal amount of million, maturing on August 13, 2031. The Incremental Term Facility due 2031 bears interest at Term SOFR, including a spread adjustment, plus basis points and will be payable in quarterly installments of principal and interest with a final balloon payment due on August 13, 2031. The proceeds were used to repay the remaining outstanding balance on our Incremental Term Facility due 2025 and for general corporate purposes. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, all obligations and commitments related to the Incremental Term Facility due 2025 were satisfied in full. The terms of the Incremental Term Facility due 2031, including pledged collateral and financing maintenance covenants, are generally consistent with the terms of our existing Term Loan B due 2027. 
 2024 Term Loan Repayments 
 As discussed in Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements, we sold our aqua business to a subsidiary of Merck Animal Health on July 9, 2024, for million in cash. Utilizing the vast majority of these proceeds, as well as a portion of the proceeds from our Incremental Term Facility due 2031 and available cash on hand, we have repaid million of previously outstanding term loan debt across our Term Loan B due 2027 and our Incremental Term Facilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In conjunction with these principal repayments, we recognized charges of million for the write-off of previously deferred financing costs, which are included in interest expense, net of capitalized interest in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately of our long-term indebtedness bears interest at a fixed rate, including variable-rate debt converted to fixed-rate through the use of interest rate swaps (see Note 9. Financial Instruments for additional information). We were in compliance with all of our debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 (1) These amounts were substantially offset in other expense, net by the effect of changing exchange rates on the underlying foreign currency exposures. 
 Derivatives designated as hedges - Net investment hedges 
 In September 2023, we entered into a series of cross-currency fixed interest rate swaps to help mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our operations in Switzerland with a combined million CHF notional amount with tenors in 2026 and 2027. These instruments were determined to be, and were designated as, effective 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 15 

Table of Contents 
 ) 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 these instruments also generated million and million of interest income, respectively, which was included as a contra interest expense, net of capitalized interest in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Derivatives designated as hedges - Interest rate swaps 
 To manage our exposure to variable interest rate risk, we utilize interest rate swap contracts to effectively convert our variable-rate debt into fixed-rate debt. We recognize any differences between the variable interest rate payments and the fixed interest rate settlements with the swap counterparties as an adjustment to interest expense, net of capitalized interest over the life of the swaps. We have designated our interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges and record them at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the fair value of the hedges are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings through interest expense, net of capitalized interest at the time earnings are affected by the hedged transaction. Fair value is estimated based on quoted market values of similar hedges and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 We had outstanding interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Following the sale of our aqua business and the associated debt pay down (see Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements and Note 8. Debt for further information), in July 2024 we settled million of existing interest rate swaps. We received cash proceeds of approximately million upon these settlements, which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and will be amortized to interest expense, net of capitalized interest in future periods. As of September 30, 2024, all of our outstanding interest rate swap instruments had scheduled maturities in 2026. 
 Additionally, on August 21, 2024, we entered into new forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of million, which will become effective on August 1, 2026, and mature in line with the applicable Incremental Term Facility maturities, which range between 2028 and 2031.) 
 The amounts of gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss and recognized into earnings through interest expense, net of capitalized interest were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest rate swaps 
 Over the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify a gain of million from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense, net of capitalized interest related to our current and previously settled interest rate swaps. 
 As of September 30, 2024, when factoring in the impact from our interest rate swaps, the weighted-average effective interest rate on our outstanding indebtedness was (excluding the expected future reclassifications to interest expense, net of capitalized interest related to past interest rate swap settlements). 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 16 

Table of Contents 

 Other current liabilities - derivative instruments ) ) ) Other current liabilities - contingent consideration ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities - derivative instruments ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities - contingent consideration ) ) ) Financial instruments not carried at fair value Long-term debt, including current portion ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Recurring fair value measurements Prepaid expenses and other - derivative instruments Other current liabilities - derivative instruments ) ) ) Other current liabilities - contingent consideration ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities - derivative instruments ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities - contingent consideration ) ) ) Financial instruments not carried at fair value Long-term debt, including current portion ) ) ) 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and all highly liquid investments with original maturities at the time of purchase of three months or less. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts payable and other current liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. We also had investments without readily determinable fair values and equity method investments, which were classified as other noncurrent assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These investments are not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, and as such, are not included in the fair value table above. 
 The fair values of contingent consideration liabilities related to our acquisition of NutriQuest were estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model, consisting of Level 3 inputs not observable in the market, including estimates relating to revenue forecasts, discount rates and volatility. 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 17 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated impairment ) December 31, 2023 (net) 
 Divestiture (1) 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) September 30, 2024 (net) 
 
 (1) We derecognized million of goodwill during the three months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the divestiture of our aqua business. See Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements for further information. 
 As previously disclosed, there was a sharp increase in long-term treasury rates during the third quarter of 2023, and as a result, we assessed our long-lived assets, including goodwill, for impairment. Due principally to an increased discount rate assumption, which was driven by the sharp increase in long-term treasury rates, our quantitative goodwill impairment test resulted in a million pre-tax impairment charge. impairments to the carrying value of goodwill have been recorded during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

) Effective tax rate ) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax expense of million, while for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax expense of million. Of the total income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million related to the income tax expense associated with the taxable gain on the divestiture of our aqua business. The taxable gain on divestiture exceeded the reported gain of million primarily due to the derecognition of non-deductible goodwill. 
 Our effective tax rate of for the three months ended September 30, 2024, differed from the statutory income tax rate primarily due to the tax impact from the aforementioned gain on divestiture, the jurisdictional earnings mix of projected income in higher tax jurisdictions and losses for which no tax benefit was recognized. Our effective tax rate of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, differed from the statutory income tax rate primarily due to the tax impact from the gain on divestiture of our aqua business, partially offset by the release of a valuation allowance attributable to the sale of our aqua business and the recognition of certain state tax credits. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an income tax benefit of million and income tax expense of million, respectively. Our effective tax rates of and ) , respectively, differed from the statutory income tax rates primarily due to the recognition of the million goodwill impairment charge, which was non-deductible in most of the impacted jurisdictions. 
 We were included in Eli Lilly and Company's (Lilly's) U.S. tax examinations by the Internal Revenue Service through the full separation date of March 11, 2019. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement we executed with Lilly in connection with our initial public offering (IPO), the potential liabilities or potential refunds attributable to pre-IPO periods in which Elanco was included in a Lilly consolidated or combined tax return remain with Lilly. The U.S. examination of tax years 2016 to 2018 began in 2019 and remains ongoing. Final resolution of certain matters is dependent upon several factors, including the potential for formal administrative proceedings. 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 18 

Table of Contents 

 million was recorded within Other expense, net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, the parties had agreed on the non-monetary terms of a potential settlement, in addition to the monetary terms agreed to in June 2023. In January 2024, the court preliminarily approved the settlement. The court set a hearing to consider final approval of the settlement in December 2024. If at that time all conditions of the settlement are met, and the settlement is approved, we anticipate the settlement amount will be payable in the first quarter of 2025. As such, the million provision was included within other current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Additional Legal Matters 
 For the legal matters discussed below, we either believe loss is not probable or are unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any. The process of resolving these matters is inherently uncertain and may develop over an extended period of time; therefore, at this time, the ultimate resolutions cannot be predicted. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had material liabilities established related to the legal matters discussed below. 
 On October 7, 2024, a putative securities class action lawsuit captioned Joseph Barpar v. Elanco Animal Health Inc., et al. Barpar was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland against Elanco and of its executives. Barpar alleges claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and specifically alleges that Elanco and the executives made materially false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose certain facts about the safety of and labeling for our Zenrelia product, as well as the approval and launch timelines for Zenrelia and our Credelio Quattro product. The plaintiff purports to represent purchasers of Elanco securities between November 7, 2023 and June 26, 2024. On November 1, 2024, a shareholder derivative action captioned Lawrence Hollin v. Lawrence E. Kurzius, et al. was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland against current members of Elanco's board and senior management, alleging claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and state law claims for breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets, based on allegations substantially similar to the allegations in the putative class action complaint in Barpar . We intend to vigorously defend our positions in connection with both actions. The process of resolving these matters is inherently uncertain and may develop over an extended period of time; therefore, at this time, the ultimate resolution cannot be predicted. 
 On May 20, 2020, a shareholder class action lawsuit captioned Hunter v. Elanco Animal Health Inc., et al. Hunter was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana against Elanco and certain executives. On September 3, 2020, the court appointed a lead plaintiff, and on November 9, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint adding additional claims against Elanco, certain executives and other individuals. The lawsuit alleged, in part, that Elanco and certain of its executives made materially false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose certain facts about Elanco s supply chain, inventory, revenue and projections. The lawsuit sought unspecified monetary damages and purports to represent purchasers of Elanco securities between September 30, 2018 and May 6, 2020, and purchasers of Elanco common stock issued in connection with Elanco's acquisition of Aratana Therapeutics, Inc. On January 13, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss, and on August 17, 2022, the court issued an order granting our motion to dismiss the case without prejudice. On October 14, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to amend the complaint. On December 7, 2022, we filed an opposition to the plaintiffs' motion, and on September 27, 2023, the court denied the plaintiffs' motion for leave, issuing final judgment in favor of Elanco. On October 25, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. We continue to believe the claims made in the case are meritless, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend our position. 
 On October 16, 2020, a shareholder class action lawsuit captioned Safron Capital Corporation v. Elanco Animal Health Inc., et al. was filed in the Marion Superior Court of Indiana against Elanco, certain executives and other individuals and entities. On December 23, 2020, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint adding an additional plaintiff. The lawsuit alleges, in part, that Elanco and certain of its executives made materially false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose certain facts about Elanco s relationships with third-party distributors and revenue attributable to those distributors within the registration statement on Form S-3 dated January 21, 2020, and accompanying prospectus filed in connection with Elanco s public offering which closed on or about January 27, 2020. The lawsuit seeks unspecified monetary damages and purports to represent purchasers of Elanco common stock or TEUs issued in connection with the public offering. From February 2021 to August 2022, this case was stayed in deference to Hunter . On October 24, 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss. On December 23, 2022, the plaintiffs filed their opposition to the motion to dismiss. Prior to the ruling on the motion to dismiss, on June 8, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to file a second amended complaint, which is now the operative complaint. We filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint on August 7, 2023, to which the plaintiffs filed their opposition on October 13, 2023. On April 17, 2024, our motion to dismiss was granted. The dismissal is without prejudice to plaintiffs' right to re-file a claim, and it is possible the plaintiffs will attempt to file a third amended 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 19 

Table of Contents 

 million, which was included within other current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The agreement remains subject to SEC approval and, therefore, it remains uncertain whether a definitive agreement will be reached and the terms of any such agreement. 
 Other Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had a lease commitment that has not yet commenced for our new corporate headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana. Total minimum lease payments are estimated to be approximately million over a term of years, excluding extensions. Final lease payments may vary depending on the actual cost of certain construction activities. Lease commencement is expected in 2025. 
 The land for our new corporate headquarters is located in a Tax Increment Finance District, and the project is, in part, funded through Tax Incremental Financing (TIF) through an incentive agreement between the City of Indianapolis and us. The agreement provides for an estimated total incentive of million to be funded by the City of Indianapolis in connection with the future tax increment revenue generated from the developed property. In December 2021, as part of a funding and development agreement entered into between the developer and us, we made a commitment to use the expected TIF proceeds towards the cost of developing and constructing the headquarters. In exchange, the developer reimbursed us up to the million commitment in 2021. During 2022, we refunded approximately million of the TIF proceeds to the developer. As a result, it is our expectation that our future lease payments will be reduced. The remaining accrued incentive was included in other noncurrent liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets and will be amortized over the lease term beginning on the commencement date and offset future rent expense. 

Assumed conversion of dilutive common stock equivalents (2) 
 Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 20 

Table of Contents 

 million shares or a maximum of million shares. The minimum million shares were included in the calculation of basic weighted-average shares from January 22, 2020 to February 1, 2023. The million shares that were ultimately issued have been included in the calculation of basic weighted-average shares outstanding subsequent to the settlement date of February 1, 2023. 
 million and million, respectively, of potential common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding because their effect was anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately million and million, respectively, of potential common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding because their effect was anti-dilutive. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 21 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Introduction 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD A) is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to our results of operations and financial position. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q. Certain statements in this Item 2 of Part I of this Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements. Various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in Forward-Looking Statements of this Form 10-Q, in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part II of this Form 10-Q and in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K , may cause our actual results, financial position and cash generated from operations to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Further, due to the seasonality of our pet health sales, interim results are not necessarily an appropriate base from which to project annual results. 
 Business Overview 
 Elanco is a global leader in animal health, dedicated to innovating and delivering products and services to prevent and treat disease in farm animals and pets. Our diverse, durable product portfolio is sold in more than 90 countries and serves animals across many species, primarily: dogs and cats (collectively, pet health) and cattle, poultry, swine, sheep and, prior to the divestiture in July 2024 (see Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information), aqua (collectively, farm animal). With a heritage dating back to 1954, we consistently innovate to improve the health of animals and to benefit our customers while fostering an inclusive, cause-driven culture for our employees. We operate our business in a single segment, directed at advancing the well-being of animals, people and the planet, enabling us to realize our vision of Food and Companionship Enriching Life. 
 Our diverse product portfolio of approximately 200 brands helps make us a trusted partner to pet owners, veterinarians and farm animal producers. Our products are generally sold worldwide to third-party distributors and independent retailers and directly to farm animal producers and veterinarians. In recent years, we have expanded our omnichannel presence in both the veterinary clinic and in retail markets, including e-commerce. 
 Product Development and Regulatory Update 
 A key element of our targeted value creation strategy is to drive revenue growth through portfolio development and product innovation. We continue to pursue the development of new chemical and biological molecules, as well as additional registrations and indications for current products. Our future growth and success depend on both our pipeline of new products, including new products we develop internally, develop with partners or that we obtain through licenses or acquisitions, and the life cycle management of our existing products. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R D, with a track record of successful product innovation, business development and commercialization. 
 Bovaer : In May 2024, the U.S Food and Drug Administration (FDA) completed its comprehensive, multi-year review of Bovaer (3-NOP), a first-in-class methane-reducing feed ingredient for use in lactating dairy cattle. Producers began feeding the product to cattle in the U.S. during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Zenrelia : Final FDA approval for Zenrelia , a JAK inhibitor targeting control of pruritus and atopic dermatitis in dogs, was received in September 2024. Launch of the product followed shortly after final approval, with the first sales of Zenrelia occurring in late September. We have also received approval for Zenrelia in Brazil, which launched in September 2024, and in Canada and Japan. Additional reviews are ongoing in other key markets, including Europe, United Kingdom and Australia. 
 Credelio Quattro : In October 2024, we received final approval from the FDA for Credelio Quattro TM , a monthly chewable tablet for dogs that protects against fleas, ticks, heartworms, roundworms, hookworms and three different species of tapeworms. We expect product launch in the first quarter of 2025. 
 Experior : In October 2024, we received multiple combination clearance approvals from the FDA for our Experior product to be used in combination with other farm animal products, allowing for broader use in heifers, which represent nearly 40 of the fed cattle population in the U.S. 
 Other Key Trends and Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 Aqua Business Divestiture: On July 9, 2024, we closed the sale of our aqua business to a subsidiary of Merck Animal Health, for 1,294 million in cash proceeds, which was paid at closing. We utilized a vast majority of these proceeds to repay previously outstanding term loan debt, thereby reducing our leverage and expected future interest expense. Our aqua business included products across both warm-water and cold-water species and 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 22 

Table of Contents 

 generated revenues of 81 million in 2024, through the divestiture date, and 132 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Strategically, this divestiture allows us to prioritize our investments in larger markets with greater long-term earnings potential. 
 Assets sold included inventories, real property and equipment, including our manufacturing sites in Canada and Vietnam, and certain intellectual property, technology and other intangible assets, including marketed products. Along with these assets, approximately 280 commercial and manufacturing employees were transferred to Merck Animal Health as part of this divestiture. We recorded a pre-tax gain on divestiture of 640 million during the third quarter of 2024. Income tax expense associated with this gain on divestiture was 171 million, a majority of which will be payable in 2025. See Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Restructuring Activities: In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a restructuring plan (the restructuring plan) to improve operational efficiencies and better align our organizational structure with current business needs, top strategic priorities and key growth opportunities. Specifically, the restructuring plan was intended to reallocate resources by shifting international resources from farm animal to pet health as we plan for the global launches of certain blockbuster potential products. Further, the restructuring plan impacted how we operate in and sell into the Argentina market, among others, reducing our foreign currency exposure in those markets. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 45 million of charges associated with the restructuring plan, the majority relating to expected cash-based severance costs. The restructuring plan is expected to result in annualized net savings of 30 to 35 million. See Note 5. Asset Impairment, Restructuring and Other Special Charges to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Supplier Administration: In September 2024, one of our contract manufacturing supply partners, TriRx Speke Ltd (TriRx Speke), entered into trading administration, a formal insolvency process in the U.K. designed to help companies facing severe financial challenges regain stability. Since this time we have been making up-front prepayments to support the operational costs of the site to minimize supply disruption, resulting in increased costs for us that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. While we are not anticipating significant supply disruption throughout the remainder of 2024, we are currently exploring options with parties involved to maintain continued product supply. Further, as a result of the site entering into trading administration, we impaired the remaining 12 million value of a contract asset related to a favorable supply agreement with TriRx Speke. See Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Macroeconomic Factors: Our operations are exposed to and are impacted by various global macroeconomic factors. We face continuing market and operating challenges across the globe due to, among other factors, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, conditions related to supply chain disruption, higher interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate volatility and inflationary pressures. Continued evolution of these conditions has led to economic slowdowns in certain countries and/or regions and volatility in consumer behavior. We anticipate global macroeconomic pressures to continue throughout 2024. 
 Seasonality: While many of our products are sold consistently throughout the year, we do experience seasonality in our pet health business due to increased demand for certain parasiticide product offerings in the first half of the year. For example, based upon historical results, approximately 75 and 60 of total annual revenue contributed by our higher-margin parasiticide products Seresto and Advantage Family , respectively, typically occurs during the first half of the year, which is reflective of the flea and tick season in the Northern Hemisphere. 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 23 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations should be read along with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. Our results of operations for the periods presented below may not be comparable with prior periods or with our results of operations in the future due to many factors, including but not limited to the factors identified above. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue 1,030 1,068 (4) 3,419 3,382 1 Costs, expenses and other: Cost of sales 492 487 1 1,502 1,415 6 of revenue 48 46 44 42 Research and development 87 86 1 263 248 6 of revenue 8 8 8 7 Marketing, selling and administrative 323 313 3 1,014 993 2 of revenue 31 29 30 29 Amortization of intangible assets 133 140 (5) 397 410 (3) Asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges 17 16 6 143 91 57 Goodwill impairment 1,042 NM 1,042 NM Gain on divestiture (640) NM (640) NM Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 58 72 (19) 189 210 (10) Other expense, net 1 9 (89) 12 41 (71) Income (loss) before income taxes 559 (1,097) NM 539 (1,068) NM Income tax expense (benefit) 195 (1) NM 193 22 NM Net income (loss) 364 (1,096) NM 346 (1,090) NM 
 Certain amounts and percentages may reflect rounding adjustments. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Revenue 
 Our products are sold in more than 90 countries, and as a result, a significant portion of our revenue is recorded in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Because of this, our revenue is influenced by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately 53 of our revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Further, increases or decreases in inventory levels in our distribution channels can positively or negatively impact our quarterly revenue results, leading to variations in revenue. This can be a result of various factors, such as end customer demand, new customer contracts, heightened and generic competition, the need for certain inventory levels, our ability to renew distribution contracts with expected terms, our ability to implement commercial strategies, regulatory restrictions, unexpected customer behavior, proactive measures taken by us in response to shifting market dynamics, payment terms we extend, which are subject to internal policies, blackout shipping periods due to system downtime, implementations and integrations and procedures and environmental factors beyond our control. 
 Our revenue by product category for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Revenue of Total Revenue (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Change Change Pet Health 486 495 47 46 (9) (2) Farm Animal 530 561 52 53 (31) (6) Contract Manufacturing (1) 
 14 12 1 1 2 17 Total 1,030 1,068 100 100 (38) (4) 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 24 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, Revenue of Total Revenue (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Change Change Pet Health 1,704 1,688 50 50 16 1 Farm Animal 1,680 1,661 49 49 19 1 Contract Manufacturing (1) 
 35 33 1 1 2 6 Total 3,419 3,382 100 100 37 1 
 Note: Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 (1) Represents revenue from arrangements in which we manufacture products on behalf of a third party. 
 The effects of price, foreign currency exchange rates, volume and the impact of our divestiture of our aqua business on changes in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Revenue Price FX Rate Volume Divestiture Total Pet Health 486 2 (4) (2) Farm Animal 530 3 (1) (8) (6) Contract Manufacturing 14 6 (1) 12 17 Total 1,030 2 (1) (1) (4) (4) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Revenue Price FX Rate Volume Divestiture Total Pet Health 1,704 3 (2) 1 Farm Animal 1,680 2 (1) 3 (3) 1 Contract Manufacturing 35 2 (1) 5 6 Total 3,419 3 (1) (1) 1 
 Note: Numbers may not add due to rounding 
 Pet health revenue decreased 9 million, or 2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, driven by lower volumes, partially offset by a 2 increase in pricing. Lower volumes were primarily attributable to continued competitive pressure on certain products in the U.S. veterinary channel, competitive pressure in Australia and supply volatility for vaccines in the U.S. These volume declines were partially offset by increased revenue from new products and improved demand for retail parasiticide products in the U.S. and Europe. 
 Pet health revenue increased 16 million, or 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, driven by a 3 increase in pricing, partially offset by lower volumes. Volumes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were lower due to competitive pressure on certain products in the U.S. veterinary channel and purchasing patterns of certain over-the-counter (OTC) products by U.S. retailers. These decreases were partially offset by revenue from new products and improved demand for retail parasiticide products in certain European markets, including Spain. 
 Farm animal revenue decreased 31 million, or 6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, driven by the divestiture of our aqua business on July 9, 2024, partially offset by a 3 increase in pricing. Excluding the impact from our aqua business divestiture, volumes for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were flat compared to the same period in 2023. Strength in U.S. cattle, led by Experior and Rumensin , and increased revenue from poultry products in the U.S. and Europe were offset by lower demand for sheep products in Australia, volume declines associated with our previous strategic decisions to change how we operate in and sell into certain international markets, including Argentina, and the impact from the European recall of Kexxtone, which occurred during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Farm animal revenue increased 19 million, or 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, driven by a 2 increase in pricing and higher volumes of non-aqua products, partially offset by the impact of the divestiture of our aqua business. Higher volumes of our non-aqua products were primarily driven by strength in U.S. cattle, led by Experior and Rumensin , and strength in poultry sales globally, partially offset by weakness in global swine markets, volume declines associated with our previous strategic decisions to change how we operate in and sell into certain international markets, including Argentina, and the impact from the European recall of Kexxtone, which occurred during the second quarter of 2024. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 25 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Sales 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Cost of sales 492 487 1 1,502 1,415 6 of revenue 48 46 44 42 
 Cost of sales increased 5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, while cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased to 48 , compared to 46 for the prior year period. Gross margin was unfavorably impacted during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year, by a combination of inflation, unfavorable manufacturing performance and product mix associated with the divestiture of our aqua business. These factors were partially offset by increased pricing. 
 Cost of sales increased 87 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased to 44 , compared to 42 for the prior year period. These increases were due to a combination of inflation, planned reduced throughput at certain manufacturing sites and product mix, partially offset by increased pricing. 
 Research and Development 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Research and development 87 86 1 263 248 6 of revenue 8 8 8 7 
 Research and development expenses increased 1 million and 15 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily driven by higher employee-related expenses and timing of project costs. 
 Marketing, Selling and Administrativ e 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Marketing, selling and administrative 323 313 3 1,014 993 2 of revenue 31 29 30 29 
 Marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased 10 million and 21 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily driven by higher employee related expenses and investments supporting the U.S. pet health business. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, also included increases in marketing and promotional spend supporting our global pet health business, partially offset by cost savings associated with the completion of our ERP system integration in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Amortization of intangible assets 133 140 (5) 397 410 (3) 
 Amortization of intangible assets decreased 7 million and 13 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in the prior year. These decreases were partially driven by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as the elimination of amortization related to our aqua business intangible assets, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale on February 1, 2024, at which date amortization of these finite-lived intangible assets ceased. See Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Asset Impairment, Restructuring and Other Special Charges 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges 17 16 6 143 91 57 
 Amounts recorded to asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges during the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily reflected 15 million of asset impairments tied to the financial difficulties of our contract manufacturing supply partner, TriRx, the largest of which was a 12 million impairment of a contract asset related to a favorable supply agreement. Asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges for the nine 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 26 

Table of Contents 

 months ended September 30, 2024, also included a 53 million impairment charge related to the write-off of a pet health IPR D asset, 45 million of costs associated with our restructuring plan announced in February 2024 and 17 million of transaction costs associated with the divestiture of our aqua business. 
 Amounts recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily represented costs associated with the implementation of new systems, programs and processes due to the integration of Bayer Animal Health. For additional information regarding our asset impairment, restructuring and other special charges, see Note 5. Asset Impairment, Restructuring and Other Special Charges to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Gain on Divestiture 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Gain on divestiture (640) NM (640) NM 
 As discussed above, we recorded a pre-tax gain on the divestiture of our aqua business during the three months ended September 30, 2024, of 640 million. See Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Goodwill impairment 1,042 NM 1,042 NM 
 As previously disclosed, there was a sharp increase in long-term treasury rates during the third quarter of 2023, and as a result, we assessed our long-lived assets, including goodwill for impairment. Due principally to an increased discount rate assumption, which was driven by the sharp increase in long-term treasury rates, our quantitative goodwill impairment test resulted in a 1,042 million pre-tax impairment charge. See Note 11. Goodwill to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Interest Expense, Net of Capitalized Interest 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 58 72 (19) 189 210 (10) 
 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest decreased 14 million and 21 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to lower average outstanding debt balances given debt repayment activity in the current year (see Note 8. Debt to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information). These decreases were partially offset by a 12 million non-cash charge during the three months ended September 30, 2024, related to the write-off of previously deferred financing costs given our early debt repayments. 
 Other expense, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Other expense, net 1 9 (89) 12 41 (71) 
 Other expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily consisted of foreign currency exchange losses and mark-to-market adjustments. Other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2023 principally related to foreign currency exchange losses and an increase in the contingent consideration liability related to the NutriQuest acquisition. Other expense, net during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, also included a settlement provision of 15 million related to the Seresto class action lawsuits recorded during the second quarter of 2023 (see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information). 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Income tax expense (benefit) 195 (1) NM 193 22 NM Effective tax rate 34.8 0.2 35.8 (2.0) 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 27 

Table of Contents 

 We recognized income tax expense of 195 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and an income tax benefit of 1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Of the total income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, 171 million related to the income tax expense associated with the taxable gain on the divestiture of our aqua business. Our effective tax rate of 34.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, differed from the statutory income tax rate primarily due to the recognition of the gain on the divestiture of our aqua business, which exceeded the reported gain of 640 million primarily due to the derecognition of non-deductible goodwill. Our effective tax rate was also impacted by the jurisdictional earnings mix of projected income in higher tax jurisdictions and losses for which no tax benefit was recognized. Our effective tax rate of 0.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, differed from the statutory income tax rate primarily due to the recognition of the aforementioned 1,042 million goodwill impairment charge, which was non-deductible in most of the impacted jurisdictions. 
 We recognized income tax expense of 193 million and 22 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rate of 35.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, differed from the statutory income tax rate primarily due to the income tax expense impact of the gain on divestiture, partially offset by the release of a valuation allowance attributable to the sale of our aqua business and the recognition of certain state tax credits. Our effective tax rate of (2.0) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, differed from the statutory income tax rates primarily due to the recognition of the 1,042 million goodwill impairment charge, which was non-deductible in most of the impacted jurisdictions. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flows from operations and funds available under our credit facilities. As a significant portion of our business is conducted internationally, we hold a significant portion of cash outside of the U.S. We monitor and adjust the amount of foreign cash based on projected cash flow requirements. Our ability to use foreign cash to fund cash flow requirements in the U.S. may be impacted by local regulations and, to a lesser extent, the income taxes associated with transferring cash to the U.S. We intend to indefinitely reinvest substantially all foreign earnings for continued use in our foreign operations. As our business evolves, we may change that strategy, particularly to the extent we identify tax-efficient reinvestment alternatives for our foreign earnings or change our cash management strategy. 
 We believe our primary sources of liquidity are sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term existing and planned capital requirements, which include working capital obligations, funding existing marketed and pipeline products, capital expenditures, business development in our targeted areas, short-term and long-term debt obligations, such as principal and interest payments, as well as interest rate swaps, operating lease payments, purchase obligations and costs associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and business integrations and/or restructuring activities. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 490 million and unused borrowing capacity on our Revolving Credit Facility of approximately 750 million. In addition, our Securitization Facility provides additional borrowing capacity in the event our borrowing capacity on this facility, which is correlated to our U.S. Net Eligible Receivables Balances, exceeds our outstanding borrowings on the facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had 93 million in undrawn borrowing capacity on our Securitization Facility. We also have the ability to access capital markets to obtain debt financing for longer-term funding, if required. Further, we believe we have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to remain in compliance with our debt covenants. 
 We made 1,587 million of term loan debt repayments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, utilizing a majority of the proceeds from the sale of our aqua business as well as a portion of the proceeds from our new 350 million Incremental Term Facility due 2031 and available cash on hand. We also repaid 200 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, on our Revolving Credit Facility. Combined, these net repayments of 1,437 million have significantly reduced our leverage and anticipated future interest expense. 
 Our ability to meet future funding requirements may be impacted by macroeconomic, business and financial volatility. As market conditions change, we will continue to monitor our liquidity position. However, a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn may impact our liquidity or ability to obtain future financing. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors - We have substantial indebtedness" in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K . 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 28 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a summary of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 (in millions) Net cash provided by (used for): 2024 2023 Change Operating activities 364 114 250 Investing activities 1,248 (134) 1,382 Financing activities (1,460) 56 (1,516) Effect of exchange-rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (14) (12) (2) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 138 24 114 
 Operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 364 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash provided by operating activities of 114 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was driven by year-over-year improvements in changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 1,248 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash used for investing activities of 134 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was driven by the cash proceeds of 1,294 million from the sale of our aqua business in July 2024, and to a lesser extent, the collection of a 66 million receivable related to the previous divestiture of our Shawnee and Speke locations (see Note 4. Acquisitions, Divestitures and Other Arrangements to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information). These proceeds were partially offset by net purchases of property and equipment and software. Cash used for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to net purchases of property and equipment and software, 19 million paid for our acquisition of NutriQuest and 14 million for the purchase of intangible assets. 
 Financing activities 
 Cash used for financing activities was 1,460 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash provided by financing activities of 56 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash used for financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included 1,587 million in gross repayments of term loan debt and net repayments on our Revolving Credit Facility of 200 million. These repayments were partially offset by proceeds of 350 million from the issuance of our Incremental Term Facility due 2031 in August 2024. Cash provided by financing activities of 56 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflected net proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility and Securitization Facility, largely offset by the repayment of indebtedness outstanding under our previously outstanding 4.272 Senior Notes due 2023. 
 Description of Indebtedness 
 For a complete description of our existing debt and available credit facilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, see Note 8. Debt within Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of Part II of our 2023 Form 10-K . New developments are discussed in Note 8. Debt of this Form 10-Q. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Certain of our accounting policies are considered critical because these policies are the most important to the depiction of our financial statements and require significant, difficult or complex judgments, often requiring the use of estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results that differ from our estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our financial position and results of operations. We apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year. Such policies are summarized in Item 7, "Management's Discussion Analysis of Results of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of our 2023 Form 10-K . There were no significant changes or developments in the application of our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We operate on a global basis and are exposed to the risk that our earnings, cash flows and equity could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as the functional currency financial statements of non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars. We are also subject to foreign currency transaction gains and losses to the extent revenue and expense transactions are not denominated in the functional currency of a subsidiary. We are primarily exposed to foreign currency exchange risk with respect to net assets denominated in the Euro, British pound, Swiss franc, Brazilian real, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar and Chinese yuan. 
 Additionally, we generally identify hyperinflationary markets as those markets whose cumulative inflation rate over a three-year period exceeds 100 . We have applied hyperinflationary accounting for our Argentina and Turkey subsidiaries since 2018 and 2022, respectively, and as a result, have changed their functional currencies to the U.S. dollar. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue in Argentina and Turkey each represented less than 1 of our consolidated revenue, and assets held in Argentina and Turkey as of September 30, 2024, each represented less than 1 of our consolidated assets. 
 In February 2024 our Board of Directors authorized a restructuring plan that, among other strategic decisions, has resulted in a change in how we operate in and sell into the Argentina market, which has reduced our foreign currency exposure with respect to the Argentine peso. In spite of this, and while the application of hyperinflationary accounting for our subsidiaries in Argentina and Turkey did not have a material impact on our business duri ng the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we may in the future incur further currency devaluations, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Interest Risk 
 At September 30, 2024, we held interest rate swap agreements with a notional value of 2,800 million that had the economic effect of modifying this amount of our variable-rate debt to fixed-rate. We also held forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of 850 million, which will become effective in 2026. When including variable-rate converted to fixed-rate through the use of interest rate swaps, as of September 30, 2024, approximately 81 of our long-term indebtedness bears interest at a fixed rate. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . Under applicable SEC regulations, management of a reporting company, with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, must periodically evaluate the company s disclosure controls and procedures, which are defined generally as controls and other procedures of a reporting company designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the reporting company in its periodic reports filed with the SEC (such as this Form 10-Q) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. 
 Our management, with the participation of Jeffrey N. Simmons, president and chief executive officer, and Todd S. Young, executive vice president and chief financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, and concluded they were effective. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls . During the third quarter of 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 30 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a summary of our legal proceedings. This item should be read in conjunction with "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 of our 2023 Form 10-K . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our risk factors are documented in Item 1A of Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K . Other than the revisions set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the 2023 Form 10-K . 
 The following risk factors have been changed from the risk factors that were previously disclosed: 
 Manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances have caused, and may in the future cause, product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls and/or unanticipated costs. 
 In order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship sufficient quantities to our customers. We own and operate 16 internal manufacturing sites across 9 countries and also employ a network of approximately 140 third-party CMOs. Many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes, are highly regulated and can rely on inputs that are sole sourced from certain manufacturing sites. Shifting or adding manufacturing capacity can be a lengthy process requiring significant capital expenditures, process modifications and regulatory approvals. Due to this, unplanned plant shutdowns, manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties, failure or refusal of a supplier or CMO to supply contracted quantities or difficulties in predicting or variability in demand for our products have caused, and may in the future cause, interruption or higher costs in the supply of certain products, product shortages or pauses or discontinuations of product sales in one or more markets. Further, minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result, and have in the past resulted in, delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. In addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions, including: 
 the failure of us or any of our vendors or suppliers, including logistical service providers, to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines; 
 mislabeling; 
 construction delays; 
 equipment malfunctions; 
 shortages of materials; 
 labor problems; 
 delays in receiving required governmental authorizations or regulatory approvals; 
 natural disasters and/or adverse weather conditions; 
 power outages; 
 criminal and terrorist activities; 
 changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, shipping distributions or physical limitations; and 
 the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases. 
 These interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, global transportation and logistics challenges, cost inflation and tight labor markets have caused, and in the future may cause, delays in and/or increased costs related to the distribution of our products, the construction or acquisition of manufacturing capacity, procurement activity and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements. 
 For example, in September 2024 one of our contract manufacturing supply partners, TriRx Speke Ltd (TriRx Speke), entered into trading administration, a formal insolvency process in the U.K. designed to help companies facing severe financial challenges regain stability. Since this time we have been making up-front prepayments to support the operational costs of the site to minimize supply disruption, resulting in increased costs for us that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. While we are not anticipating significant supply disruption throughout the remainder of 2024, we are currently exploring options with parties involved to maintain continued product supply. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 31 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, volatility in the overall demand for animal health products in different markets and distribution channels has had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs and disruptions in the supply of our products. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products, or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. Throughout 2023 we experienced increasing levels of inventory on-hand, in part due to volatility in demand across different markets and distribution channels. In addition to the negative impact on our cash flows, if we are not able to more effectively manage the purchase and production of our inventories to match the timing of customer demand, we may face increased costs for warehousing and the potential for our inventories to become unusable or obsolete. 
 We have also in the past invested in, and will continue to invest in, improvements to our existing manufacturing facilities and may also invest in new manufacturing plants in the future. These types of projects are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project and require licensing by or approvals from various regulatory authorities. The unpredictability of a product s regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites and shifting customer demand (including as a result of market conditions or entry of branded or generic competition) increase the potential for capacity imbalances. In addition, construction of sites is expensive, and our ability to recover costs will depend on the market acceptance and success of the products produced at the new sites, which is uncertain. Significant cost overruns or delays in completing these projects could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (none) 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 (none) 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 (none) 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company , modified or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits are either filed or furnished herewith (as applicable) or, if so indicated, incorporated by reference to the documents indicated in parentheses, which have previously been filed or furnished with the SEC. 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.1 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 3, 2024, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2020, by and among Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, as borrower, Elanco US Inc., as co-borrower, the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto from time to time, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as term facility agent, collateral agent, and security trustee, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as revolving facility agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 3, 2024). 10.2 
 Incremental Assumption Agreement dated August 13, 2024, by and among Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, Elanco US Inc., the subsidiary loan parties party thereto, Farm Credit Mid-America, PCA, as incremental term lender, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the term facility agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024). 31.1 
 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31.2 
 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 101 Interactive Data Files (Inline XBRL). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 33 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ELANCO ANIMAL HEALTH INCORPORATED (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey N. Simmons Jeffrey N. Simmons President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Todd S. Young Todd S. Young Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

2024 Q3 Form 10-Q | 34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311elanco-20240930xceoce.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 - CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Jeffrey N. Simmons, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Jeffrey N. Simmons Jeffrey N. Simmons President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312elanco-20240930xcfoce.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 - CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Todd S. Young, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Elanco Animal Health Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Todd S. Young Todd S. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32elanco-20240930xsectio.htm
 EXHIBIT 32 - CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, an Indiana corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that, to the best of their knowledge 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Jeffrey N. Simmons Jeffrey N. Simmons President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 7, 2024 s Todd S. Young Todd S. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 elan-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 elan-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 elan-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 elan-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 elan-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

