<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1043000_0001628280-24-047628.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7585807</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125590</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1515910</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2083305</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1884414</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1861072</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047628.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113163155
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047628
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SONIDA SENIOR LIVING, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001043000
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				752678809
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13445
		FILM NUMBER:		241454931

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16301 QUORUM DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160A
		CITY:			ADDISON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9727705600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16301 QUORUM DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160A
		CITY:			ADDISON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047628.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 snda-20240930.htm
 10-Q

snda-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of November 11, 2024, the Registrant had shares of c ommon stock outstanding. 

Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q Table of Contents 
 For the Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Page Number Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Defi cit) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 Part II. Other Information 
 37 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 38 
 Signature 
 39 

2 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Sonida, we, our, us, or the Company constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, those relating to the Company s future business prospects and strategies, financial results, working capital, liquidity, capital needs and expenditures, interest costs, insurance availability and contingent liabilities, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, would, intend, could, believe, expect, anticipate, project, plans, estimate or continue or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company s actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, including, among others, the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth under Item. 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 27, 2024, as well as Item. 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and also include the following: 
 
 the Company s ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, additional proceeds from equity issuances and debt financings, and proceeds from the sale of assets to satisfy its short- and long-term debt obligations and to fund the Company s acquisitions and capital improvement projects to expand, redevelop, and/or reposition its senior living communities; 
 increases in market interest rates that increase the cost of certain of our debt obligations; 
 increased competition for, or a shortage of, skilled workers, including due to general labor market conditions, along with wage pressures resulting from such increased competition, low unemployment levels, use of contract labor, minimum wage increases and/or changes in overtime laws; 
 the Company s ability to obtain additional capital on terms acceptable to it; 
 the Company s ability to extend or refinance its existing debt as such debt matures; 
 the Company s compliance with its debt agreements, including certain financial covenants, and the risk of cross-default in the event such non-compliance occurs; 
 the Company s ability to complete acquisitions and dispositions upon favorable terms or at all, including the possibility that the expected benefits and our projections related to such acquisitions may not materialize as expected; 
 the risk of oversupply and increased competition in the markets which the Company operates; 
 the Company s ability to improve and maintain controls over financial reporting and remediate the identified material weakness discussed in Item 4 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; 
 the cost and difficulty of complying with applicable licensure, legislative oversight, or regulatory changes; 
 risks associated with current global economic conditions and general economic factors such as inflation, the consumer price index, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs, competition in the labor market, costs of salaries, wages, benefits, and insurance, interest rates, and tax rates; 
 the impact from or the potential emergence and effects of a future epidemic, pandemic, outbreak of infectious disease or other health crisis; and 
 changes in accounting principles and interpretations. 
 
 We caution you that the risks, uncertainties and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results, benefits or outcomes that we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in the way expected. All forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q apply only as of the date made and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 3 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets: Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Derivative assets Acquisition deposit Total current assets Property and equipment, net Investment in unconsolidated entity Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities: Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of notes payable, net of deferred loan costs Deferred income Federal and state income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of deferred loan costs and current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Equity: Sonida s shareholders equity (deficit): Preferred stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares - as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; issued or outstanding, except Series A convertible preferred stock as noted above 
 Common stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares - and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Total Sonida shareholders equity (deficit) ) Noncontrolling interest: Total equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities, redeemable preferred stock and equity (deficit) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Resident revenue Management fees Managed community reimbursement revenue Total revenues Expenses: Operating expense General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization expense Long-lived asset impairment Managed community reimbursement expense Total expenses Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt, net Loss from equity method investment ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Sonida shareholders ) ) ) Dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock 
 ) ) Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Basic net loss per common share ) ) ) ) Diluted net loss per common share ) ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Sonida s Shareholders Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Deficit Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount Total Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) Stock-based plan activity ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Net income Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs ) Stock-based plan activity ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Non-cash stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Sonida s Shareholders Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Deficit Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount Total Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) Stock-based plan activity ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Net income Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) Stock-based plan activity ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of equity interest in consolidated entity Series A convertible preferred stock dividends ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Stock-based plan activity ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 6 

Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred loan costs Gain on sale of assets, net ) ) Long-lived asset impairment Loss on derivative instruments, net Gain on extinguishment of debt ) ) Loss from equity method investment Provision for bad debt Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Other non-cash items ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expense Federal and state income taxes payable ) Deferred income Other current liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investments in unconsolidated entities ) Return of investment in unconsolidated entities Acquisition of new communities ) Acquisition deposit 
 ) Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from notes payable Repayments of notes payable ) ) Proceeds from credit facility Repayment of credit facility ) Proceeds from noncontrolling investors in joint ventures Dividends paid on Series A convertible preferred stock ) Purchase of interest rate caps ) Deferred loan costs paid ) ) Other financing costs ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes paid (refunds received), net Non-cash investing and financing activities: Notes payable acquired through acquisitions Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock Non-cash additions of property and equipment 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 senior housing communities in states with an aggregate capacity of approximately residents 1 , including owned senior housing communities through joint venture investments in a consolidated entity and through a joint venture investment in an unconsolidated entity) and communities that the Company third-party manages. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Sonida Senior Living, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and other entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company reports investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies it has the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 The Company evaluates its potential variable interest entity VIE relationships under certain criteria as provided for in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). ASC 810 broadly defines a VIE as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. The Company performs this evaluation on an ongoing basis and consolidates any VIEs for which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary, as determined by the Company's power to direct the VIEs activities and the obligation to absorb its losses or the right to receive its benefits, which are potentially significant to the VIE. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has a joint venture, Stone JV LLC Stone which is treated as an unconsolidated entity. See Note 3 Acquisition and Investments . 
 
 Interim Unaudited Financial Information 
 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The results for the interim periods shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of future financial results. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, including normal recurring items, necessary to present fairly our condensed consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and our condensed consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

1 Capacity disclosures in these footnotes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are outside the scope of our independent registered accounting firm s review. 
 8 

2. 
 . 
 Restricted cash: Property tax and insurance reserves Lender reserves Capital expenditures reserves Escrow deposit Deposits pursuant to outstanding letters of credit Other reserves Total restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 million to its Property and equipment, net during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which related to one owned community. There were impairments on long-lived assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 9 

See Note 4 Property and Equipment, net . 
 days notice, unless state law provides otherwise, with resident fees billed monthly in advance. Revenue for certain ancillary services is recognized as services are provided, and includes fees for services such as medication management, daily living activities, beautician/barber, laundry, television, guest meals, pets, and parking, which are generally billed monthly in arrears. Other operating revenue consists of state relief funds received from various states due to the financial distress impacts of COVID-19 State Relief Funds ). 
 The Company s senior housing communities have residency agreements that generally require the resident to pay a community fee and other amounts prior to moving into the community, which are initially recorded by the Company as deferred revenue. The Company had contract liabilities for deferred fees paid by our residents prior to the month housing and support services 
 10 

million and million, respectively, which is reported as deferred income within current liabilities of the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Revenues from the Medicaid program accounted for and of the Company s revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Revenues from the Medicaid program accounted for approximately and of the Company s revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively, of the Company s communities were providers of services under the Medicaid program, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively, of the Company s communities were providers of services under the Medicaid program. Resident revenues for Medicaid residents were recorded at the reimbursement rates as the rates were set prospectively by the applicable state upon the filing of an annual cost report. None of the Company s communities were providers of services under the Medicare program for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Laws and regulations governing the Medicaid program are complex and subject to interpretation. The Company believes that it is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and is not aware of any pending or threatened investigations involving allegations of potential wrongdoing that would have a material effect on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. While no such regulatory inquiries have been made, compliance with such laws and regulations can be subject to future government review and interpretation as well as significant regulatory action including fines, penalties, and exclusion from the Medicaid program. 
 The Company has management agreements whereby it manages certain communities on behalf of third-party owners and certain community investments under contracts that provide for periodic management fee payments to the Company. The Company has determined that all community management activities are a single performance obligation, which is satisfied over time as the services are rendered. The Company s estimate of the transaction price for management services also includes the amount of reimbursement due from the owners of the communities for services provided and related costs incurred. Such revenue is included in managed community reimbursement revenue on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. The related costs are included in managed community reimbursement expense on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. See Note 8 Revenue . 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company received approximately million and million, respectively, in State Relief Funds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no State Relief Funds were received from the state departments. The Company recognizes income for government grants on a systematic and rational basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes the related expenses or loss of revenue for which the grants are intended to compensate when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the applicable terms and conditions of the grant and there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received. The State Relief Funds were recorded as other operating revenue within resident revenue in the Company s condensed statements of operations and notes thereto. 
 days after the date billed. Accounts receivable are reported net of an allowance for doubtful account s of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and represent the Company s estimate of the amount that ultimately will be collected. The adequacy of the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed on an ongoing basis, using historical payment trends, write-off experience, analyses of receivable portfolios by payor source and aging of receivables, as well as a review of specific accounts, and adjustments are made to the allowance, as necessary. Credit losses on resident receivables have historically been within management s estimates, and management believes that the allowance for doubtful accounts adequately provides for expected losses. 
 We have a concentration of owned properties operating in Texas ), Indiana ), Ohio and Wisconsin ), which represented approximatel y , , and , resp ectively, of our resident revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and approximatel y , , and , re spectively, of our resident revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 11 

), Indiana ), Ohio ) and Wisconsin ), which represented approximately , , and , respectively, of our resident revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and approximately , , and , respectively, of our resident revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 of the Company s total voting stock. It is deemed probable that the Series A Preferred Stock could be redeemed for cash by the Conversant Preferred Investors, and as such, the Series A Preferred Stock is required to be remeasured and adjusted to its maximum redemption value at the end of each reporting period. However, to the extent that the maximum redemption value of the Series A Preferred Stock does not exceed the fair value of the shares at the date of issuance, the shares are not adjusted below the fair value at the date of issuance. 
 12 

See Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging . 
 See Note 9 Net Income Per Share . 
 reporting segment. As such, the Company operates in segment. 
 13 

See Note 6 Debt . 

3. 
 asset purchase agreements (the Palm PSAs with various affiliates of Principal Senior Living Group, pursuant to which the Company will acquire senior living communities (each, a Palm Community and collectively, the Palm Communities for an aggregate cash purchase price of million, subject to customary closing conditions (such acquisition, the Palm Acquisition ). The Company paid earnest money upon entering into the Palm PSAs and made an acquisition deposit of million as of September 30, 2024. of the Palm Communities are located in Florida and the other Palm Communities are located in South Carolina. 
 Investment in Consolidated VIE 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into joint ventures (collectively, the Palatine JVs with affiliates of Palatine Capital Partners, which acquired senior living communities located in Texas (3) and Georgia (1). The Palatine JVs acquired these communities for a purchase price of million plus transaction costs of million for net cash of million and financing of million of senior mortgage debt. The Company is a owner in the joint ventures. 
 The Company has evaluated its investment in the Palatine JVs under ASC 810. The Company has determined that it has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and is the primary beneficiary of the VIE in accordance with ASC 810. Accordingly, the Company has consolidated the activity of the Palatine JVs into its condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2024. The Company manages the Palatine JV communities in exchange for a management fee calculated as a percentage of gross revenue and an additional incentive management fee based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and management fees, and other customary terms and conditions. 
 The asset acquisition was recorded at relative fair value. The Company recorded million in Property and equipment, net for tangible assets purchased; million in Other assets, net for in-place leases; and million in Other liabilities for below market leases in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Macedonia Acquisition 
 In April 2024, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire a community located in Macedonia, Ohio for a purchase price of million plus transaction costs of million. In May 2024, the Company closed on the acquisition and entered into a mortgage loan totaling million. The Company purchased a Secured Overnight Financing Rate- SOFR based interest rate cap IRC to reduce exposure to the variable interest rate fluctuations associated with the new mortgage. 
 14 

million and has an aggregate notional amount of million. The IRC has a term and caps SOFR at . See Note 6 Debt and Note 1 3 Fair Value Measurements . 
 The asset acquisition was recorded at relative fair value. We recorded million in Property and equipment, net for tangible assets purchased; million in Other assets, net for in-place leases; and thousand in Other liabilities for below market leases for this acquisition in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Investment in Stone Unconsolidated Entities 
 In April 2024, the Company and KZ Stone Investor LLC KZ Investor formed a new joint venture, Stone JV LLC for the purpose of acquiring, owning, and operating senior housing communities located in the Midwest. In May 2024, Stone purchased the communities for a purchase price of million. KZ Investor is the controlling managing member of the newly formed venture and owns of the entity as of September 30, 2024. Sonida owns a noncontrolling interest in the new venture as of September 30, 2024, which was acquired through cash contributions in connection with the closing. Sonida operates the communities for a management fee based on gross revenues of the applicable communities, as well as an incentive management fee based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and management fees, and other customary terms and conditions. 
 The Company has evaluated its investment in the Stone joint venture under ASC 810. The Company has determined that it does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE in accordance with ASC 810. The Company's interests in the VIE are, therefore, accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The carrying amount of the Company's investment in the unconsolidated venture and maximum exposure to loss as a result of the Company's ownership interest in the joint venture was million, which is included in equity method investment on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company evaluates the realization of its investment in unconsolidated entities accounted for using the equity method if circumstances indicate the Company's investment is other than temporarily impaired. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were impairments. 
 New Management Agreement 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company executed management agreements to assume the management of communities owned by a third party. We assumed management of communities in the second quarter of 2024 and assumed management of the third community on August 6, 2024. 
 See Note 1 5 Subsequent Events for information about the Company s additional updates on our acquisitions. 
 
 4. 
 Land improvements to years 
 Buildings and building improvements to years 
 Furniture and equipment to years 
 Automobiles to years 
 Assets under financing leases and leasehold improvements (1) 
 Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 __________ 
 (1) Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term. Assets under financing leases and leasehold improvements include million of financing lease right-of-use assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 15 

million. There were impairments on long-lived assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 5. 
 Accrued interest (1) 
 Accrued taxes Accrued professional fees Accrued other expenses Total accrued expenses 
 __________ 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, in consideration of the Fannie Mae Loan Modification (as defined below). 
 
 6. 
 
 2027 N/A Fixed rate mortgage notes payable 2025 to 2045 
 Variable rate mortgage notes payable (1) 
 2026 to 2029 
 Notes payable - consolidated VIE 
 2026 to 2029 
 Notes payable - insurance 2024 to 2025 
 Notes payable - other 2024 Notes payable 
 Deferred loan costs, net Total notes payable, net of deferred loan costs Current portion of notes payable Long-term notes payable, net 
 _____________ 
 (1) See Note 13 Fair Value Measurements for interest rate cap agreements on variable rate mortgage notes payable. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total notes payable, excluding deferred loan costs 
 _____________ 
 
 16 

to . Our variable rate mortgage notes and revolving credit facility are based on the SOFR plus an applicable margin . As of September 30, 2024, the one-month SOFR was and the applicable margins range from to . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had property and equipment with a net carrying value of million that is secured by outstanding notes payable. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we had property and equipment with a net carrying value of million secured by the Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
 In July 2024, the Company entered into a credit agreement with BMO Bank N.A for a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility had an initial borrowing capacity of million, a term of , a leverage-based pricing matrix between SOFR plus margin and SOFR plus margin and is fully recourse to Sonida Senior Living, Inc. and its applicable subsidiaries. The borrowing base by which borrowing availability under the Credit Facility is determined is generally based upon the value of the senior living communities that secure the Company s obligations under the Credit Facility. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company borrowed million under the Credit Facility, at a weighted average interest rate of , which was secured by of the Company s previously unencumbered senior living communities. The borrowing of million was repaid prior to September 30, 2024 and borrowings were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. See Note 15 Subsequent Events . 
 Texas Loan Modification 
 On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into loan modification agreements Texas Loan Modification with one of its lenders on owned communities in Texas. The original loan terms included maturities of April 2025 and October 2031, as well as cross-default provisions with each other. The Texas Loan Modification includes revised loan maturities of December 2025 on both communities, with the Company s option to make a discounted payoff Texas DPO of the outstanding loan principal on or prior to November 1, 2024. As part of the consideration, the Company was required to pay a total restructuring fee of . The Texas DPO amount of million represents a discount of on the total principal outstanding of million on these loans as of November 1, 2024. See Note 1 5 Su bsequent Events . 
 2024 Loan Repurchase Agreement and Ally Term Loan Expansion 
 We entered into an agreement with one of our previous lenders whereby the Company agreed to purchase the outstanding indebtedness it owed to such lender for a purchase price of million (plus the reimbursement of certain amounts advanced to the Company by such lender). On February 2, 2024, the Company completed the purchase of the total outstanding principal balance of million from the lender that was secured by of the Company s senior living communities (such transaction, the 2024 Loan Purchase ). The 2024 Loan Purchase was funded by expanding the Company s existing loan facility with Ally Bank Ally by million and the remainder was funded by proceeds from the 2024 Private Placement, see Note 7 Securities Financing . The 2024 Loan Purchase and Ally financing closed on February 2, 2024, reduced notes payable by million, and resulted in a gain on debt extinguishment totaling million. The Company incurred deferred loan costs of million as part of the Ally financing that are amortized over the loan term. As part of the agreement with Ally, the Company expanded its current interest rate cap to include the additional borrowing at a cost of million. The expanded Ally debt facility is secured by of the Company s senior living communities involved in the transaction. 
 Macedonia Loan 
 In connection with the Macedonia community acquisition in May 2024, the Company entered into a million mortgage with a new lender. The mortgage has a term and a variable interest rate equal to 1-month term SOFR plus margin. The Company is not required to make scheduled principal payments for the first months. The Company also entered into a SOFR-based IRC to reduce exposure to the variable interest rate fluctuations associated with the new mortgage. The total cost of the IRC was million and has an aggregate notional amount of million. The IRC has a term and caps SOFR at from May 9, 2024 through May 1, 2026 with respect to such variable rate indebtedness. 
 Notes Payable - Consolidated VIE 
 In connection with the purchase of the Palatine JVs in July 2024, the Company assumed million of mortgage debt with several lenders. The mortgages have a weighted average interest rate of and have terms ranging from 2025 through 2029. In addition, one of the affiliates in the Palatine JVs entered into a SOFR-based IRC to reduce exposure to the variable interest rate fluctuations associated with one of the mortgages at a cost of million. 
 17 

of its encumbered communities, effective as of June 1, 2023 Fannie Forbearance Effective Date ). Under the Fannie Forbearance, Fannie Mae agreed to forbear on its remedies otherwise available under the community mortgages and Master Credit Facility MCF in connection with reduced debt service payments made by the Company during the forbearance period. In connection with the Fannie Forbearance, the Company made a million principal payment in July 2023. The Fannie Forbearance was the first of a two-step process to modify all existing mortgage loan agreements with Fannie Mae by October 2023 under proposed loan modification agreements, as defined in the Fannie Forbearance Loan Modification Agreements ). T erms outlined in an agreed upon term sheet accompanying the Fannie Forbearance were included in the Loan Modification Agreements as the final step to modify the various Fannie Mae community mortgages and MCF prior to the expiration of the Fannie Forbearance, which was subsequently extended to October 6, 2023. 
 The Company entered into Loan Modification Agreements with Fannie Mae on October 2, 2023. The material terms of the Loan Modification Agreements were as follows: 
 Maturities on community mortgages, ranging from July 2024 to December 2026, were extended to December 2026. The remaining communities under the MCF have existing maturities in January 2029. 
 The Company is not required to make scheduled principal payments due under the community mortgages and communities under the MCF through the revised maturity date of December 2026 or months from the Fannie Forbearance Effective Date, respectively. 
 The monthly interest rate was reduced by a weighted average on all communities for months from the Fannie Forbearance Effective Date and deferred (the Fannie Interest Abatement Period ). The reduced interest rates expired on June 1, 2024. 
 A second and final principal payment of million was due in June 2024, the anniversary of the Fannie Forbearance Effective Date, which the Company made on June 3, 2024. 
 In the first following the effective date of the Loan Modification Agreements, the Company was required to escrow of Net Cash Flow less Debt Service (as defined in the Fannie mortgages and MCF) on an aggregate basis over all Fannie Mae communities. The excess cash flow was deposited into a lender-controlled capital expenditure reserve on a monthly basis to support the re-investment into certain communities, as mutually determined by the Company and Fannie Mae. The Company was able to draw down such amounts on qualifying projects as the capital expenditures were incurred. 
 The Company determined that the Fannie loan modification was a troubled debt restructuring where the total cash outflows exceed the current carrying value of the debt. Restructuring costs related to the Loan Modification Agreements are included in deferred loan costs and are being amortized over the lives of the Fannie Mae loans. 
 Transactions Involving Certain Fannie Mae Loans 
 During 2020, the Company initiated a process to transfer the operations and ownership of properties to Fannie Mae. In January 2023, the Company received notice that the foreclosure sales conducted by Fannie Mae had successfully transitioned the remaining properties to new owners. This event relieved the Company of the existing Fannie Mae debt relating to the properties. Accordingly, the Company recognized a total of million for the gain on debt extinguishments for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. With the transition of these remaining properties, the total Fannie Mae properties foreclosure was complete. 
 18 

million Ally Third Amendment to partially fund the 2024 Loan Purchase. The Company incurred deferred loan costs of million as part of the Ally financing that will be amortized over the loan term. As part of the Ally Third Amendment, the Company expanded its current interest rate cap to include the additional loan obligation at a cost of million and increased the monthly interest rate cap reserve IRC Reserve held by Ally to match the notional amount required under the increased obligation. In addition, the Waiver Principal Reserve Amount (defined below) was increased by an average of approximately per month and the Company made a one-time payment to the debt service reserve of million. The expanded Ally debt facility is secured by of the Company s senior living communities involved in the 2024 Loan Purchase. 
 On May 22, 2024, the Company executed an amendment Ally Fourth Amendment to the Ally term loan agreement. Ally Bank successfully syndicated a portion of its total term loan commitment to Cross River Bank. Following the syndication, Ally Bank and Cross River Bank owned and of the outstanding principal balance, respectively. As each lender loans a specific amount to the debtor and has the right to repayment from the debtor this transaction is considered a loan syndication and the guidance in ASC 470-50 should be applied to the modified loans on a creditor-by-creditor basis. As Ally Bank was the sole lender prior to the syndication, there is no change in the allocation of deferred loan costs, and they will continue to be amortized over the loan term. 
 2023 Ally Loan Amendment 
 On June 29, 2023, and concurrent with the Fannie Forbearance, we executed an amendment 2023 Ally Amendment to the Ally term loan agreement Ally Term Loan or Ally Term Loan Agreement and an amended guaranty Second Amended Ally Guaranty with Ally Bank with terms as follows: 
 With respect to the Second Amended Ally Guaranty, Ally granted the Company, as Guarantor, a waiver Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver or Waiver of the liquid assets minimum requirement of million for a period. On July 1, 2024, a new liquid assets threshold of million became effective, with such threshold increasing million per month through the earlier of the release of the Waiver period or December 31, 2024. 
 During the Waiver period, a new and temporary liquid assets minimum threshold Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold was established. The Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold is million and is measured weekly. If breached, the Excess Cash Flow Sweep is triggered and all excess cash from the communities collateralizing the Ally Term Loan will be swept into an Equity Cure Fund , as defined in the Ally Term Loan Agreement. As provided for in the 2023 Ally Amendment, the Excess Cash Flow Sweep, if triggered, will cease upon the achievement of meeting or exceeding the Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold for four consecutive weeks. Consistent with the Ally Term Loan, all amounts held in escrow (i.e., Debt Service Escrow and IRC Reserve) will be included and combined with the Company s unrestricted cash for purposes of measurement against the Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold. 
 During the Waiver period, Ally will collect the equivalent of the monthly Ally Term Loan principal payment (as provided for in the Ally Term Loan Agreement) of approximately through an Ally controlled escrow Waiver Principal Reserve Account ). 
 Upon meeting the Ally Term Loan s Liquid Assets Threshold of million, the Company may elect to remove the Waiver, with initial terms in the Ally Term Loan applicable again, except as described further below. 
 In July 2023, we were required to fund million to an IRC Reserve held by Ally, which represented the quoted cost of a interest rate cap on the full million notional value of the Ally Term Loan at a SOFR strike rate. On December 1, 2023, the Company entered into a new SOFR-based interest rate cap transaction for an aggregate notional amount of million at a cost of million. The interest rate cap agreement has a term and caps the floating interest rate portion of our indebtedness with Ally Bank at . Until the terms of the Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver have expired or have been met and elected at the Company s discretion, the IRC Reserve is required to be replenished to its replacement cost. 
 Subsequent to the Waiver period, all funds in the Waiver Principal Reserve Account as well as any funds swept into the Equity Cure Fund will be released to the Company. 
 19 

million. In June 2024, the Company entered into a financing agreement totaling approximately million with a fixed interest rate of . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had finance agreements totaling million, with fixed interest rates ranging from to , and a weighted average rate of , with principal amounts being fully repaid over terms. 
 Other Debt Transactions 
 The Company had notes payable related to deferred rent payments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 of million and million, respectively. In November 2023, the Company modified its payment terms on the note payable to include consecutive quarterly installments beginning in January 2024. 
 Debt Covenant Compliance 
 The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants related to its outstanding indebtedness as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 7. 
 shares to shares. The charter amendment became effective upon filing. 
 Public Offering 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement providing for the offer and sale (the Offering by the Company, and the purchase by the underwriters, of shares of the Company s common stock, at a price to the public of per share per share net of underwriting discounts and commissions). The Company also granted a 30-day option to the underwriters to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock on the same terms as above. 
 During August 2024, the Company raised million in gross proceeds from the Offering. The Company initially raised million of proceeds on the sale of shares, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs. The Company raised an additional million on shares, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters 30-day option described above. 
 At-the-Market Equity Offerings 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with Mizuho Securities USA LLC, who is acting as the sole sales agent (the Agent ). Pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement in which the Company may sell, at its option, shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of million (the Shares through its Agent. 
 The ATM Sales Agreement provides that the Agent will be entitled to receive a commission of up to of the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares in a transaction. The offering of common stock pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of, among other things, (i) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the ATM Sales Agreement and (ii) the termination of the ATM Sales Agreement by the Company or by the Agent, following delivery of sufficient written notice by the Company or the Agent to the other party. 
 In April 2024, the Company sold shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement at per share for net proceeds of million, inclusive of million in commissions. 
 In May 2024, the Company sold shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement at an average sales price of per share for net proceeds of million, inclusive of million in commissions. 
 20 

shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement at an average sales price of per share for net proceeds of million, inclusive of million in commissions and offering costs. 
 2024 Private Placement Transaction 
 On February 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with Conversant Dallas Parkway (A) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (B) LP and several other shareholders (together, the Investors ), pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase from the Company, and the Company agreed to sell to the Investors, in a private placement transaction (the 2024 Private Placement ), an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. 
 
 The 2024 Private Placement occurred in tranches. The first tranche occurred on February 1, 2024, at which time shares of common stock were issued and sold to the Investors for million. The second tranche occurred on March 22, 2024, at which time shares of common stock were issued and sold to the Investors for million. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the first closing of the 2024 Private Placement to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for the 2024 Loan Purchase. As of September 30, 2024, the majority of our common stock is held by Conversant Dallas Parkway (A) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (B) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (D) LP, and Conversant PIF Aggregator A LP (together, Conversant or the Conversant Investors ). 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 In November 2021, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible outside of the Company's control and, in accordance with GAAP, is classified as mezzanine equity, outside the stockholders equity (deficit) section, on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock has an annual dividend calculated on the original investment of approximately million accrued quarterly in arrears and compounded. Dividends are cumulative, and any declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. If the Board does not declare a dividend in respect of any dividend payment date, the amount of such accrued and unpaid dividend is added to the liquidation preference and compounds quarterly thereafter. On March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Board did not declare dividends with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, and accordingly, million and million, respectively was added to the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock, effectively increasing the carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock . On September 30, 2024, the Board declared and paid million in dividends on its Series A Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2024, a total of million has been added to the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Undeclared dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Outstanding Warrants 
 
 In connection with certain financing transactions completed in November 2021, the Company, among other things, issued to the Conversant Investors warrants each evidencing the right to purchase share of common stock at a price per share of , subject to certain adjustments, and with an exercise expiration date of after the closing date of such financing transactions which is November 2026. 
 Conversant Equity Commitment 
 In connection with the Fannie Forbearance and 2023 Ally Amendment signed on June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a million equity commitment agreement Equity Commitment with Conversant for a term of months. Sonida has the right, but not the obligation, to utilize Conversant s equity commitment and may draw on the commitment in whole or in part, subject to the terms and conditions therein and applicable laws and regulations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
 21 

million remaining under its Equity Commitment with Conversant, and the Equity Commitment is in effect through December 31, 2024. 
 
 8. 
 
 Community fees Ancillary services Other operating revenue (1) 
 Resident revenue Management fees Managed community reimbursement revenue Total revenues 
 __________ 
 
 Community fees, ancillary services, management fees, and community reimbursement revenue represent revenue from contracts with customers in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 9. ) ) Less: Dividends on Series A convertible preferred stock ) ) Less: Undeclared dividends on Series A Preferred Stock ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding basic 
 Basic net loss per share ) ) ) ) Diluted net income per common share calculation: Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding diluted Diluted net loss per share ) ) ) ) 
 
 22 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock (if converted) Restricted stock awards Restricted stock units Stock options Total 
 
 10. 
 million and million in stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively. The Company recognize d million and million in stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 million in unrecognized stock compensation expense. 
 
 11. 
 million related to future renovations and technology enhancements to its communities, which are expected to be substantially expended during 2024. 
 The Company has a deferred purchase price of million for the Palatine JVs acquisition. If a capital call notice is given, Sonida would be required to contribute the million on behalf of its JV partner before it would begin to fund their pro rata share of capital calls. 
 
 23 

12. 
 shares of common stock of the Company for million . See Note 7 Securities Financing . 
 Stone Joint Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company manages the communities owned by Stone under a management agreement and also provides reporting services for the joint venture. See Footnote 3 Acquisitions and Investments . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the August 2024 financing of the Stone communities, the Company received a distribution of million as a return of the Company s investment in Stone due to financing of the communities. 
 Palatine Joint Ventures 
 communities owned by subsidiaries of the Palatine JVs under a management agreement and also provides reporting services for the joint ventures. See Footnote 3 Acquisitions and Investments 

13. 
 million and million , respectively. The fair value of these derivative assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively, which was determined using significant observable inputs (Level 2), including quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions, and third-party pricing services. 
 Financial Instruments Not Reported at Fair Value 
 Restricted cash Notes payable, excluding deferred loan costs 
 We believe the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and are classified as Level 1. 
 The fair value of notes payable, excluding deferred loan costs, is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements, which represent Level 2 inputs as defined in ASC 820 , Fair Value Measurement. 
 24 

million to Property and equipment, net. There were impairment losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 14. 
 million for million to reduce exposure to interest rate fluctuations associated with a portion of our variable mortgage notes payable to Fannie Mae. The interest rate cap has term and effectively caps SOFR at . The Company is funding an IRC reserve for a replacement IRC which is held by the lender. The IRC is not designated as a cash flow hedge under ASC 815-20, Derivatives Hedging , and therefore, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are included as a component of interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 In connection with the Macedonia loan, in May 2024 the Company entered into a SOFR-based interest rate cap to reduce exposure to the variable interest rate fluctuations associated with a new mortgage. The total cost of the IRC was million and has an aggregate notional amount of million. The IRC has a term and caps SOFR at . 
 On December 1, 2023, in order to comply with the lender s requirements under the Ally Bank loan agreements, the Company entered into a SOFR-based interest rate cap transaction for an aggregate notional amount of million at a cost of million. The interest rate cap agreement has a term and effectively caps the interest rate at with respect to the portion of our floating rate indebtedness. On February 2, 2024, as part of the Ally Term Loan expansion, the Company entered into a SOFR-based interest rate cap transaction for an aggregate notional amount of million at a cost of million. See Note 6 Debt . 
 Total derivatives, net 
 
 December 31, 2023 Derivative Asset Derivative Liability Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value Interest rate cap (SOFR-based) 
 Total derivatives, net 
 
 25 

) ) 
 
 15. 
 million commitment under the Credit Facility. The incremental million availability results in a total aggregate commitment under the Credit Facility of up to million. In addition to the existing senior living communities, the Palm Communities secure the obligations under the Credit Facility. 
 On October 30, 2024, the Company drew down million under the Credit Facility in anticipation of the closing of the Atlanta PSA (as defined below), the Texas DPO (as defined below) and liquidity for general corporate purposes. 
 Texas DPO 
 On Novem ber 1, 2024, the Company e xercised its option to make a discounted payoff Texas DPO of the outstanding loan principal for two communities located in Texas. The Texas DPO amount of million represents a discount of on the total principal outstanding of million (as of November 1, 2024). 
 Atlanta Acquisition 
 On October 2, 2024, the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement Atlanta PSA to acquire senior living communities in the Atlanta, GA market for million. On November 1, 2024, the Company finalized the acquisition of these senior living communities. 
 
 26 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help provide an understanding of our business and results of operations. This MD A should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This report, including the following MD A, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or trends that should be read in conjunction with the risks, uncertainties and other factors described under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024, as well as Item. 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements as a result of such risks, uncertainties and other factors. Unless otherwise specified or where the context otherwise requires, references in this Report to our, we, us, Sonida , the Company and our business refer to Sonida Senior Living, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 The following discussion and analysis addresses (i) the Company s results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (ii) liquidity and capital resources of the Company. 
 The Company is a leading owner, operator and investor of senior housing communities in the United States. The Company s operating strategy is to provide value to its senior living residents by providing quality senior living services at reasonable prices, while achieving and sustaining a strong, competitive position within its geographically concentrated regions, as well as continuing to enhance the performance of its operations. The Company generally provides senior living services to the 75+ population, including independent living, assisted living, and memory care services at reasonable prices. Many of the Company s communities offer a continuum of care to meet each of their resident s needs as they change over time. This continuum of care, which integrates independent living, assisted living, and memory care that may be bridged by home care through independent home care agencies, sustains our residents autonomy and independence based on their physical and mental abilities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company operated 83 senior housing communities in 20 states with an aggregate capacity of approximately 9,100 residents, including 70 owned senior housing communities (four through joint venture investments in a consolidated entity and four through a joint venture investment in an unconsolidated entity) and 13 communities that the Company third-party manages. 
 
 Significant Financial and Operational Highlights 
 Operations 
 The Company derives its revenue primarily by providing senior living and healthcare services to seniors. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company generated resident revenue of 67.0 million compared to resident revenue of 59.1 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 13.4 . The increase in revenue was primarily due to increased occupancy, increased average rent rates, and four additional owned communities acquired in July 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company generated resident revenue of 190.8 million compared to 172.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 10.5 . The increase in revenue was primarily due to increased occupancy, increased average rent rates, and five additional communities that were acquired during 2024. 
 Weighted average occupancy for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the 61 same-store communities owned by the Company w a s 87.0 and 84.9 , respectively, reflecting continued occupancy growth. The average monthly rental rate for these communities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.5 higher as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Weighted average occupancy for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the 61 same-store communities owned by the Company w as 86.4 and 84.2 , respectively, reflecting continued occupancy growth. The average monthly rental rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.2 higher as compared t o the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 27 

Management Services 
 The Company has property management agreements with a third-party owner and its joint ventures pursuant to which the Company manages certain communities on their behalf for a management fee based on gross revenues of the applicable communities, as well as an incentive management fee, and other customary terms and conditions. The Company managed thirteen communities on behalf of the third-party owner during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and as compared to ten communities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company managed four communities on behalf of an unconsolidated joint venture and four communities of a consolidated joint venture during the nine months ending September 30, 2024 and none during the prior period. 
 Increase in Authorized Shares of Common Stock 
 In March 2024, following receipt of stockholder approval at the Special Meeting of the Company s stockholders, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, with the Delaware Secretary of State to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 15,000,000 shares to 30,000,000 shares (the Stockholder Approval ). The charter amendment became effective upon filing. 
 Public Offering 
 In August 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement providing for the offer and sale (the Offering by the Company, and the purchase by the underwriters, of 4,300,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price to the public of 27.00 per share 25.785 per share net of underwriting discounts and commissions). The Company also granted a 30-day option to the underwriters to purchase up to an additional 645,000 shares of common stock on the same terms as above. 
 During August 2024, the Company raised 130.4 million in gross proceeds from the Offering. The Company initially raised 110.4 million of proceeds on the sale of 4,300,000 shares, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs. The Company raised an additional 13.7 million on 530,317 shares, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters; 30-day option described above. 
 At-the-Market Equity Offerings 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with Mizuho Securities USA LLC, who is acting as the sole sales agent (the Agent ). Pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement in which the Company may sell, at its option, shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of 75.0 million (the Shares through its Agent. 
 The ATM Sales Agreement provides that the Agent will be entitled to receive a commission of up to 3 of the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares in a transaction. The offering of common stock pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of, among other things, (i) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the ATM Sales Agreement and (ii) the termination of the ATM Sales Agreement by the Company or by the Agent, following delivery of sufficient written notice by the Company or the Agent to the other party. 
 In April 2024, the Company sold 382,000 shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement at 27.50 per share for net proceeds of 10.2 million, inclusive of 0.3 million in commissions. 
 In May 2024, the Company sold 234,375 shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement at an average sales price of 32.00 per share for net proceeds of 7.2 million, inclusive of 0.3 million in commissions. 
 In July 2024, the Company sold 51,127 shares pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement at an average sales price of 27.50 per share for net proceeds of 1.3 million, inclusive of 0.2 million in commissions and offering costs. 
 2024 Private Placement Transaction 
 On February 1, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with Conversant Dallas Parkway (A) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (B) LP and several other shareholders (together, the Investors ), pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase from the Company, and the Company agreed to sell to the Investors, in a private placement transaction (the 2024 Private Placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, an aggregate of 5,026,318 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 9.50 per share. 
 The 2024 Private Placement occurred in two tranches. The first tranche occurred on February 1, 2024, at which time 3,350,878 shares of common stock were issued and sold to the Investors for a total of 31.8 million. The second tranche occurred on March 22, 2024, at which time 1,675,440 shares of common stock were issued and sold to the Investors for a total of 
 28 

15.9 million. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the first tranche to fund a portion of the cash purchase price for the 2024 Loan Purchase. As of September 30, 2024, the majority of our common stock is held by Conversant Dallas Parkway (A) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (B) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (D) LP, and Conversant PIF Aggregator A LP (together, Conversant or the Conversant Investors ). 
 Investment in Consolidated VIE 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into two joint ventures (collectively, the Palatine JVs with affiliates of Palatine Capital Partners, which acquired four senior living communities located in Texas (3) and Georgia (1). The Palatine JVs acquired these communities for a purchase price of 32.8 million plus transaction costs of 0.1 million for net cash of 11.2 million and financing of 21.7 million of senior mortgage debt. The Company is a 51 owner in the joint ventures. 
 The Company has evaluated its investment in the Palatine JVs under ASC 810. The Company has determined that it does have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and is the primary beneficiary of the VIE in accordance with ASC 810. Accordingly, the Company has consolidated the activity of the Palatine JVs into its condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2024. The Company manages the four communities in exchange for a management fee calculated as a percentage of gross revenue and an additional incentive management fee based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and management fees, and other customary terms and conditions. 
 The asset acquisition was recorded at relative fair value. The Company recorded 27.5 million in Property and equipment, net for tangible assets purchased; 5.6 million in Other assets, net for in-place leases; and 0.2 million in Other liabilities for below market leases in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Macedonia Acquisition 
 In April 2024, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement to acquire a community located in Macedonia, Ohio for a purchase price of 10.7 million plus transaction costs of 0.4 million. In May 2024, the Company closed on the acquisition and entered into a mortgage loan totaling 9.4 million. The Company purchased a Secured Overnight Financing Rate- SOFR based interest rate cap IRC to reduce exposure to the variable interest rate fluctuations associated with the new mortgage. The total cost of the IRC was 0.2 million and has an aggregate notional amount of 9.4 million. The IRC has a 24-month term and caps SOFR at 6.00 . See Note 6 Debt and Note 13 Fair Value Measurements in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The asset acquisition was recorded at relative fair value. We recorded 10.0 million in Property and equipment, net for tangible assets purchased; 1.2 million in Other assets, net for in-place leases; and 54 thousand in Other liabilities for below market leases for this acquisition in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Investment in Stone Unconsolidated Entities 
 In April 2024, the Company and KZ Stone Investor LLC KZ Investor formed a new joint venture, Stone JV LLC Stone for the purpose of acquiring, owning, and operating four senior housing communities located in the Midwest. In May 2024, Stone purchased the four communities for a purchase price of 64.0 million. KZ Investor is the controlling managing member of the newly formed venture and owns 66.67 of the entity as of September 30, 2024. Sonida owns a 33.33 noncontrolling interest in the new venture as of September 30, 2024, which was acquired through cash contributions in connection with the closing. Sonida operates the four communities for a management fee based on gross revenues of the applicable communities, as well as an incentive management fee based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and management fees, and other customary terms and conditions. 
 The Company has evaluated its investment in the Stone joint venture under ASC 810. The Company has determined that it does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE in accordance with ASC 810. The Company's interests in the VIE are, therefore, accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The carrying amount of the Company's investment in the unconsolidated venture and maximum exposure to loss as a result of the Company's ownership interest in the joint venture was 11.9 million, which is included in equity method investment on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company evaluates the realization of its investment in unconsolidated entities accounted for using the equity method if circumstances indicate the Company's investment is other than temporarily impaired. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no impairments. 
 29 

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
 In July 2024, the Company entered into a credit agreement with BMO Bank N.A to obtain a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility had an initial borrowing capacity of 75.0 million, a term of three years, a leverage-based pricing matrix between SOFR plus 2.10 margin and SOFR plus 2.60 margin and is fully recourse to Sonida Senior Living, Inc. and its applicable subsidiaries. The borrowing base by which borrowing availability under the Credit Facility is determined is generally based upon the value of the senior living communities that secure the Company s obligations under the Credit Facility. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company borrowed 8.7 million under the Credit Facility, at a weighted average interest rate of 7.3 , which was secured by two of the Company s previously unencumbered senior living communities. The borrowing of 8.7 million was repaid prior to September 30, 2024 and no borrowings were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. See Note 15 Subsequent Events . in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2024 Loan Repurchase Agreement and Ally Term Loan Expansion 
 We entered into an agreement with one of our previous lenders whereby the Company agreed to purchase the outstanding indebtedness it owed to such lender for a purchase price of 40.2 million (plus the reimbursement of certain amounts advanced to the Company by such lender). On February 2, 2024, the Company completed the purchase of the total outstanding principal balance of 74.4 million from the lender that was secured by seven of the Company s senior living communities (such transaction, the 2024 Loan Purchase ). The 2024 Loan Purchase was funded by expanding the Company s existing loan facility with Ally Bank Ally by 24.8 million and the remainder was funded by proceeds from the 2024 Private Placement, see Note 7 Securities Financing in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The 2024 Loan Purchase and Ally financing closed on February 2, 2024, reduced notes payable by 49.6 million, and resulted in a gain on debt extinguishment totaling 38.1 million. The Company incurred deferred loan costs of 0.5 million as part of the Ally financing that are amortized over the loan term. As part of the agreement with Ally, the Company expanded its current interest rate cap to include the additional borrowing at a cost of 0.6 million. The expanded Ally debt facility is secured by six of the Company s senior living communities involved in the transaction. 
 Other Significant Transactions 
 
 Fannie Mae Loan Modification 
 
 On June 29, 2023, the Company entered into the Fannie Forbearance with Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae for all 37 of its encumbered communities, effective as of June 1, 2023 Fannie Forbearance Effective Date ). Under the Fannie Forbearance, Fannie Mae agreed to forbear on its remedies otherwise available under the community mortgages and Master Credit Facility MCF in connection with reduced debt service payments made by the Company during the forbearance period. In connection with the Fannie Forbearance, the Company made a 5.0 million principal payment in July 2023. The Fannie Forbearance was the first of a two-step process to modify all existing mortgage loan agreements with Fannie Mae by October 2023 under proposed loan modification agreements, as defined in the Fannie Forbearance Loan Modification Agreements ). T erms outlined in an agreed upon term sheet accompanying the Fannie Forbearance were included in the Loan Modification Agreements as the final step to modify the various 37 Fannie Mae community mortgages and MCF prior to the expiration of the Fannie Forbearance, which was subsequently extended to October 6, 2023. 
 The Company entered into Loan Modification Agreements with Fannie Mae on October 2, 2023. The material terms of the Loan Modification Agreements were as follows: 
 Maturities on 18 community mortgages, ranging from July 2024 to December 2026, were extended to December 2026. The remaining 19 communities under the MCF have existing maturities in January 2029. 
 The Company is not required to make scheduled principal payments due under the 18 community mortgages and 19 communities under the MCF through the revised maturity date of December 2026 or 36 months from the Fannie Forbearance Effective Date, respectively. 
 The monthly interest rate was reduced by a 1.5 weighted average on all 37 communities for 12 months from the Fannie Forbearance Effective Date and deferred (the Fannie Interest Abatement Period ). The reduced interest rates expired on June 1, 2024. 
 A second and final principal payment of 5.0 million was due in June 2024, the one-year anniversary of the Fannie Forbearance Effective Date, which the Company made on June 3, 2024. 
 30 

In the first twelve months following the effective date of the Loan Modification Agreements, the Company was required to escrow 50 of Net Cash Flow less Debt Service (as defined in the Fannie mortgages and MCF) on an aggregate basis over all 37 Fannie Mae communities. The excess cash flow was deposited into a lender-controlled capital expenditure reserve on a monthly basis to support the re-investment into certain communities, as mutually determined by the Company and Fannie Mae. The Company was able to draw down such amounts on qualifying projects as the capital expenditures were incurred. 
 The Company determined that the Fannie loan modification was a troubled debt restructuring where the total cash outflows exceed the current carrying value of the debt. Restructuring costs related to the Loan Modification Agreements are included in deferred loan costs and are being amortized over the lives of the Fannie Mae loans. 
 Transactions Involving Certain Fannie Mae Loans 
 
 During 2020, the Company initiated a process to transfer the operations and ownership of 18 properties to Fannie Mae. In January 2023, the Company received notice that the foreclosure sales conducted by Fannie Mae had successfully transitioned the remaining two properties to new owners. This event relieved the Company of the existing Fannie Mae debt relating to the two properties. Accordingly, the Company recognized a total of 36.3 million for the gain on debt extinguishments for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. With the transition of these two remaining properties, the 18 total Fannie Mae properties foreclosure was complete. 
 2024 Ally Loan Amendments 
 On February 2, 2024, the Company expanded the existing loan facility with Ally by 24.8 million Ally Third Amendment to partially fund the 2024 Loan Purchase. The Company incurred deferred loan costs of 0.5 million as part of the Ally financing that will be amortized over the loan term. As part of the Ally Third Amendment, the Company expanded its current interest rate cap to include the additional loan obligation at a cost of 0.6 million and increased the monthly interest rate cap reserve IRC Reserve held by Ally to match the notional amount required under the increased obligation. In addition, the Waiver Principal Reserve Amount (defined below) was increased by an average of approximately 36,000 per month and the Company made a one-time payment to the debt service reserve of 0.4 million. The expanded Ally debt facility is secured by six of the Company s senior living communities involved in the 2024 Loan Purchase. 
 On May 22, 2024, the Company executed an amendment Ally Fourth Amendment to the Ally term loan agreement. Ally Bank successfully syndicated a portion of its total term loan commitment to Cross River Bank. Following the syndication, Ally Bank and Cross River Bank owned 67.5 and 32.5 of the outstanding principal balance, respectively. As each lender loans a specific amount to the debtor and has the right to repayment from the debtor this transaction is considered a loan syndication and the guidance in ASC 470-50 should be applied to the modified loans on a creditor-by-creditor basis. As Ally Bank was the sole lender prior to the syndication, there is no change in the allocation of deferred loan costs, and they will continue to be amortized over the loan term. 
 2023 Ally Loan Amendment 
 On June 29, 2023, and concurrent with the Fannie Forbearance, we executed an amendment 2023 Ally Amendment to the Ally term loan agreement Ally Term Loan or Ally Term Loan Agreement and an amended guaranty Second Amended Ally Guaranty with Ally Bank with terms as follows: 
 With respect to the Second Amended Ally Guaranty, Ally granted the Company, as Guarantor, a waiver Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver or Waiver of the liquid assets minimum requirement of 13.0 million for a 12-month period. On July 1, 2024, a new liquid assets threshold of 7.0 million became effective, with such threshold increasing 1.0 million per month through the earlier of the release of the Waiver period or December 31, 2024. 
 During the Waiver period, a new and temporary liquid assets minimum threshold Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold was established. The Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold is 6.0 million and is measured weekly. If breached, the Excess Cash Flow Sweep is triggered and all excess cash from the communities collateralizing the Ally Term Loan will be swept into an Equity Cure Fund , as defined in the Ally Term Loan Agreement. As provided for in the 2023 Ally Amendment, the Excess Cash Flow Sweep, if triggered, will cease upon the achievement of meeting or exceeding the Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold for four consecutive weeks. Consistent with the Ally Term Loan, all amounts held in escrow (i.e., Debt Service Escrow and IRC Reserve) will be included and combined with the Company s unrestricted cash for purposes of measurement against the Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver Minimum Threshold. 
 31 

During the Waiver period, Ally will collect the equivalent of the monthly Ally Term Loan principal payment (as provided for in the Ally Term Loan Agreement) of approximately 117,000 through an Ally controlled escrow Waiver Principal Reserve Account ). Per the Fourth Ally Amendment and the expansion of our loan by 24.8 million, this escrow has increased by an average of 36,000 a month. 
 Upon meeting the Ally Term Loan s Liquid Assets Threshold of 13.0 million, the Company may elect to remove the Waiver, with initial terms in the Ally Term Loan applicable again, except as described further below. 
 In July 2023, we were required to fund 2.3 million to an interest rate cap reserve IRC Reserve held by Ally, which represented the quoted cost of a one-year interest rate cap on the full 88.1 million notional value of the Ally Term Loan at a 2.25 SOFR strike rate. On December 1, 2023, the Company entered into a new SOFR-based interest rate cap transaction for an aggregate notional amount of 88.1 million at a cost of 2.4 million. The interest rate cap agreement has a 12-month term and caps the floating interest rate portion of our indebtedness with Ally Bank at 2.25 . Until the terms of the Limited Payment Guaranty Waiver have expired or have been met and elected at the Company s discretion, the IRC Reserve is required to be replenished to its replacement cost. 
 Subsequent to the Waiver period, all funds in the Waiver Principal Reserve Account as well as any funds swept into the Equity Cure Fund will be released to the Company. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Fannie Forbearance, the 2023 Ally Amendment, Second Amended Ally Guaranty, and the Loan Modification Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the full text of the Fannie Forbearance, the 2023 Ally Amendment and Second Amended Ally Guaranty which are filed as Exhibits 10.21, 10.22 and 10.23, respectively, and the Loan Modification Agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 10.24 and 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024. 
 Macedonia Loan 
 In connection with the Macedonia community acquisition in May 2024, the Company entered into a 9.4 million mortgage with a new lender. The mortgage has a 60-month term and a variable interest rate equal to 1-month term SOFR plus 2.00 margin. The Company is not required to make scheduled principal payments for the first 36 months. The Company also entered into a SOFR-based IRC to reduce exposure to the variable interest rate fluctuations associated with the new mortgage. The total cost of the IRC was 0.2 million and has an aggregate notional amount of 9.4 million. The IRC has a 24-month term and caps SOFR at 6.00 from May 9, 2024 through May 1, 2026 with respect to such variable rate indebtedness. 
 Texas Loan Modification 
 On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into loan modification agreements Texas Loan Modification with one of its lenders on two owned communities in Texas. The original loan terms included maturities of April 2025 and October 2031, as well as cross-default provisions with each other. The Texas Loan Modification includes revised loan maturities of December 2025 on both communities, with the Company s option to make a discounted payoff Texas DPO of the outstanding loan principal on or prior to November 1, 2024. As part of the consideration, the Company was required to pay a total restructuring fee of 250,000. See Note 15 Subsequent Events in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Texas DPO 
 On Novem ber 1, 2024, the Company e xercised its option on the Texas DPO of the outstanding loan principal for two communities located in Texas. The Texas DPO amount of 18.3 million represents a discount of 36 on the total principal outstanding of 28.4 million (as of November 1, 2024). 
 Conversant Equity Commitment 
 In connection with the Fannie Forbearance and 2023 Ally Amendment signed on June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a 13.5 million equity commitment agreement Equity Commitment with Conversant for a term of 18 months. Sonida has the right, but not the obligation, to utilize Conversant s equity commitment and may draw on the commitment in whole or in part, subject to the terms and conditions therein and applicable laws and regulations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 3.5 million remaining under its Equity Commitment with Conversant, and the Equity Commitment is in effect through December 31, 2024. 
 32 

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2023. 
 
 Recent Accounting Guidance Adopted 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and our assessment of any expected impact of these pronouncements, if known. 

Results of Operations 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Resident revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 67.0 million as compared to 59.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 7.9 million, or 13.4 . The increase in revenue was primarily due to increased occupancy, increased average rent rates, a nd five additional communities acquired during 2024 . For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company received approximately 0.5 million in various relief funds received from state departments due to financial distress impacts of COVID-19 State Relief Funds ). For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not receive any State Relief Funds. 
 Managed community reimbursement revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.6 million as compared to 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 1.6 million or 32.0 . The increase was primarily a result of managing three more communities in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period. 
 Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 50.5 million as compared to 44.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 6.0 million, or 13.5 . The increase was attributable to 3.6 million in operating expenses related to the additional communities acquired and managed during 2024 versus the prior year, and an increase of 2.4 million operating expenses related to our same-store portfolio, driven by 0.8 million increases in labor and 1.6 million increases in other operating expenses. 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 11.8 million as compared to 8.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 3.2 million. The increase was primarily a result of an increase in labor and employee related expenses of 1.6 million due to the additional communities acquired and managed during 2024, a 0.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, a 0.5 million increase in transaction costs, and a net increase in other expenses of 0.3 million. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 6.0 million related to one owned community as a result of recurring net operating losses. 
 Managed community reimbursement expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.6 million as compared to 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 1.6 million or 32.0 . The increase was primarily a result of managing more communities in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period. 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 9.8 million as compared to 9.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 0.8 million primarily due to the change in fair value of our IRC and the ending of the Fannie Interest Abatement Period ending on May 31, 2024. 
 33 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Resident revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 190.8 million as compared to 172.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 18.1 million, or 10.5 . The increase in revenue was primarily due to increased occupancy, increased average rent rates, and five additional communities acquired during 2024 . For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company received 2.9 million in State Relief Funds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not receive State Relief Funds. 
 Managed community reimbursement revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.1 million as compared to 15.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 3.8 million or 24.8 . The increase was primarily a result of managing more communities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior period. 
 Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 142.8 million as compared to 133.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 9.8 million , or 7.4 . The increase is primarily attributable to the increase in labor of 6.9 million and an increase in other expenses of 2.9 million as a result of five new consolidated communities this period as compared to the prior period. 
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 28.2 million as compared to 22.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 5.9 million . The increase was primarily a result of an increase in labor and employee related expenses of 3.2 million, an increase in stock-based compensation of 1.1 million, an increase in transaction costs of 0.8 million, and a net increase in other expenses of 0.8 million. The main driver of the increases were the additional expenses related to five new consolidated communities this period as compared to the prior period. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 6.0 million related to one owned community as a result of recurring net operating losses. 
 Managed community reimbursement expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.1 million as compared to 15.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 3.8 million or 24.8 . The increase was primarily a result of managing more communities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior period. 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 27.4 million as compared to 26.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 1.0 million primar ily due to the change in fair value of our IRC. 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 38.1 million. The gain related to the derecognition of notes payable and liabilities as a result of the 2024 Loan Purchase from one of our lenders. Gain on extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 36.3 million and related to the derecognition of notes payable and liabilities as a result of the transition of legal ownership of two communities to Fannie Mae, the holder of the related non-recourse debt. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 In addition to 24.9 million of unrestricted cash as of September 30, 2024, our future liquidity will depend in part upon our operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions, and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Principal sources of liquidity are expected to be cash flows from operations, proceeds from equity offerings, proceeds from our debt and credit facility, proceeds f rom debt refinancings or loan modifications, and proceeds from the sale of owned assets. During 2023, we entered into loan modifications with Fannie Mae, an amendment with Ally Bank, including a revised Limited Payment Guaranty, and an Equity Commitment with Conversant. During 2024, we completed the 2024 Private Placement pursuant to which we issued and sold an aggregate of 5.0 million shares of our common stock to several of our shareholders for gross cash proceeds of 47.8 million, which enabled us to purchase all of the Company s debt then outstanding with a certain lender at a substantial discount, as well as fund future working capital and growth initiatives. Additional financing of 24.8 million for the debt purchase was provided by Ally Bank through an expansion of the Company s existing Ally Bank term loan. On April 1, 2024, the Company entered into the At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement ), whereby the Company may sell, at its option, shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of 75,000,000. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has received 18.7 million net proceeds from the ATM sales. During August 2024, the Company completed a public offering and issued 4,830,317 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 124.1 million. During August 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Facility in which borrowing availability is determined based upon the value of the senior living communities. These transactions are expected to provide 
 34 

additional financial flexibility to us and increase our liquidity position. See Note 6 Debt , Note 7 Securities Financing , and Note 15 Subsequent Events in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In February 2024, in order to comply with Ally term loan requirements, the Company expanded its SOFR-based interest rate cap for an aggregate notional amount of 24.8 million at a cost of 0.6 million. The interest rate cap agreement has a 12-month term and caps the floating interest rate portion of our indebtedness with Ally Bank at 2.25 . As of September 30, 2024, the entire balance of our outstanding variable-rate debt obligations were covered by our interest rate caps to better manage our exposure to market risks associated with the fluctuations in interest rates. 
 The Company, from time to time, considers and evaluates financial and capital raising transactions related to its portfolio, including debt financings and refinancings, purchases and sales of assets, equity offerings and other transactions. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels, or that the Company will be able to obtain the capital necessary to meet the Company s short- and long-term capital requirements. 
 Recent changes in the current economic environment, and other future changes, could result in decreases in the fair value of assets, slowing of transactions, and the tightening of liquidity and credit markets. These impacts could make securing debt or refinancings for the Company or buyers of the Company s properties more difficult or on terms not acceptable to the Company. The Company s actual liquidity and capital funding requirements depend on numerous factors, including its operating results, its capital expenditures for community investment, and general economic conditions, as well as other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024. 
 In summary, the Company s cash flows were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 1,355 10,643 (9,288) Net cash used in investing activities (154,126) (12,792) (141,334) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 178,809 (7,441) 186,250 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 26,038 (9,590) 35,628 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.4 million as compared to 10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The change of 9.2 million is primarily due to the settlement of accounts payable and accrued expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period. Additionally, we received grants of 2.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from state departments due to financial distress impacts of COVID-19. No such grants were received during 2024. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 154.1 million primarily due a payment of 102.5 million for an acquisition deposit used to fund the purchase of the Palm Communities on October 1, 2024. Other net cash used in investing activities was for the acquisition of four new communities for 22.3 million, the acquisition of four unconsolidated entities for 22.4 million, and ongoing capital improvements combined with refurbishments at the Company s senior housing communities of 17.9 million, which was partially offset by a return on investment of 10.4 million in our unconsolidated entities. Net cash used in inv esting activities of 12.8 million f or the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily the result of ongoing capital improvements and refurbishments at the Company s senior housing communities of 14.2 million , partially offset by 1.4 million from the proceeds from the sale of fixed assets. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 178.8 million primarily due to net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 190.5 million, proceeds of 36.9 million from notes payable, and proceeds from noncontrolling investors of 7.7 million, partially offset by repayments of notes payable of 50.0 million and dividends paid of 1.4 million. The net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 7.4 million primarily due to repayments o f notes payable of 12.5 million and deferred financing costs paid of 0.8 million, partially offset by proceeds of 6.0 million from equity draws under the Equity Commitment. 
 35 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based upon the controls evaluation, procedures evaluation and the material weakness described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective. 
 Other than the changes outlined below, there have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Remediation Plan 
 As disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which has not been remediated as of September 30, 2024, as disclosed above. 
 We have deve loped and implemented a plan for remediation of the material weakness, including developing and maintaining appropriate management review and process level controls, centralizing and digitizing our resident lease processes, and improving the review of journal entries. To further remediate the material weakness discussed above, management, including our chief executive officer, have reaffirmed and re-emphasized the importance of internal controls. We are committed to maintaining a strong control environment and believe that these remediation efforts represent continued improvement in our control environment. Our c ontrol weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the new internal controls have been operational for a period of time, are tested, and management concludes that these controls are operating effectively. 

36 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company has claims incurred in the normal course of its business. Most of these claims are believed by management to be covered by insurance, subject to normal reservations of rights by the insurance companies and possibly subject to certain exclusions in the applicable insurance policies. Whether or not covered by insurance, these claims, in the opinion of management, based on advice of legal counsel, should not have a material effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company if determined adversely to the Company. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following information is provided pursuant to Item 703 of Regulation S-K. The information set forth in the table below reflects the common stock purchased by the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program July 1 July 31, 2024 6,570,222 August 1 August 31, 2024 6,570,222 September 1 September 30, 2024 6,570,222 
 __________ 
 (1) Does not include shares withheld to satisfy tax liabilities due upon the vesting of restricted stock, all of which have been reported in Form 4 filings relating to the Company. The average price paid per share for such share withholding is based on the closing price per share on the vesting date of the restricted stock or, if such date is not a trading day, the trading day immediately prior to such vesting date. 
 
 On January 22, 2009, the Company s Board approved a share repurchase program that authorized the Company to purchase up to 10.0 million of the Company s common stock. On January 14, 2016, the Company announced that its Board approved a continuation of the share repurchase program. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the share repurchase authorization has no stated expiration date. All shares that have been acquired by the Company under this program were purchased in open-market transactions. The Company may evaluate whether to acquire additional shares of common stock under this program at its discretion and subject to applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report. Those exhibits previously filed and incorporated herein by reference are identified below. Exhibits not required for this report have been omitted. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement No. 333-33379 on Form S-1/A filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 1997.) 
 3.1.1 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 1999, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.) 
 3.1.2 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2020.) 
 3.1.3 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2021.) 
 3.1.4 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2021.) 
 3.1.5 Fifth Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2023.) 
 3.1.6 Sixth Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2024.) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2013.) 
 3.2.1 Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2021.) 
 3.2.2 
 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2024.) 
 3.3 Certificate of Designation, Rights and Privileges of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01, of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2021.) 
 10.1 At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated April 1, 2024, by and between Sonida Senior Living, Inc. and Mizuho Securities USA LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2024.) 
 10.2 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2024, by and between Sonida Senior Living, Inc., Conversant Dallas Parkway (A) LP, Conversant Dallas Parkway (B) LP, Silk Partners, LP, PF Investors, LLC, Solas Capital Partners, LP, Solas Capital Partners II, LP, Blackwell Partners LLC - Series A, and Paul J. Isaac. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2024.) 
 10.3 Amendment No. 4 to Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 7, 2024. 
 10.4 Form of Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 12, 2024, by and between affiliates of the Company and Principal Senior Living Group. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2024.) 
 10.5 Credit Agreement, dated July 24, 2024, among Sonida Senior Living, Inc. and BMO Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 7, 2024.) 
 
 38 

31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) and (v) related notes. 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Sonida Senior Living, Inc 
 (Registrant) 
 
 By: /s/ BRANDON M. RIBAR Brandon M. Ribar President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ KEVIN J. DETZ Kevin J. Detz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 snda-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 SONIDA SENIOR LIVING, INC. 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Brandon M. Ribar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s BRANDON M. RIBAR Brandon M. Ribar President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 13, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 snda-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 SONIDA SENIOR LIVING, INC. 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Kevin J. Detz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s KEVIN J. DETZ Kevin J. Detz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 13, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 snda-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brandon M. Ribar, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s BRANDON M. RIBAR Brandon M. Ribar President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 snda-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin J. Detz, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s KEVIN J. DETZ Kevin J. Detz Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 snda-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 snda-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 snda-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 snda-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 snda-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

