<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1579684_0001579684-24-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10164143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>219873</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1489298</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4365491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1946527</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1933086</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001579684-24-000059.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031101353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001579684-24-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gannett Co., Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NEWSPAPERS:  PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING [2711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36097
		FILM NUMBER:		241412848

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 SULLY'S TRAIL, SUITE 203
		CITY:			PITTSFORD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14534-4560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(585) 598-0030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 SULLY'S TRAIL, SUITE 203
		CITY:			PITTSFORD
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14534-4560

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Media Investment Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gannett Co., Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Media Investment Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001579684-24-000059.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 gci-20240930.htm
 10-Q

gci-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
 
 Commission file number 
 ___________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, shares of the registrant's Common Stock were outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including "Part I, Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, " contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views regarding, among other things, our future or ongoing growth, results of operations, performance, business prospects and opportunities, stock repurchases, our expectations, in terms of both amount and timing, with respect to debt repayment, our capital structure, debt refinancing transactions and any losses associated with such transactions, expectations regarding draws, if any, and use of proceeds from our loan facility, and our environmental, social and governance goals, and are not statements of historical fact. Words such as "anticipate(s)," "expect(s)," "intend(s)," "plan(s)," "focus," "goal," "project," "believe(s)," "will," "aim," "would," "could," "can," "may," "seek(s)," "estimate(s)" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance our expectations will be attained. Our actual results, liquidity, and financial condition may differ from the anticipated results, liquidity, and financial condition indicated in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and there are certain important factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially, from the expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements, including, among others, the risks identified by us under the heading "Risk Factors" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and under the heading "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2024, as well as other risks and factors identified from time to time in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Except to the extent required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any statement is based. 

INDEX TO GANNETT CO., INC. 
 Q3 2024 FORM 10-Q 
 
 Item No. Page Part I . Financial Information 
 1 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 2 
 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 4 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 Part II . Other Information 
 1 Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 1A Risk Factors 
 54 
 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 58 
 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 58 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 
 5 Other Information 
 58 
 6 Exhibits 
 60 
 Signatures 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

GANNETT CO., INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS In thousands, except share data September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (Unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Operating lease assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Pension and other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Convertible debt Deferred tax liabilities Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (See Note 11) 
 par value per share, shares authorized, of which were issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Treasury stock, at cost, shares and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Gannett stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, In thousands, except per share amounts 2024 2023 2024 2023 Digital Print and commercial Total revenues Operating costs Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Integration and reorganization costs (reversal) ) Asset impairments Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net ) ) Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest expense Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Non-operating pension income ) ) ) ) Equity loss (income) in unconsolidated investees, net ) ) ) Other non-operating (income) expense, net ) ) ) Non-operating expenses (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Gannett ) ) ) ) Loss per share attributable to Gannett - basic ) ) ) ) Loss per share attributable to Gannett - diluted ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Pension and other postretirement benefit items: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) ) Equity method investments Other ) ) ) Total pension and other postretirement benefit items ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax ) Income tax (benefit) provision related to components of other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Gannett ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

GANNETT CO., INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, In thousands 2024 2023 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to operating cash flows: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Non-cash interest expense Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net ) Gain on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Asset impairments Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations ) ) Equity income in unconsolidated investees, net ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities, net ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate and other assets Change in other investing activities ) Cash (used for) provided by investing activities ) Financing activities Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Changes in other financing activities ) Cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of currency exchange rate change on cash ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated deficit Treasury stock Non-controlling interest In thousands Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Gannett ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net (a) 
 Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock Treasury stock ) ) Restricted share forfeiture ) ) Other activity Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Treasury stock Non-controlling interest In thousands Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Gannett ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net (a) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock Treasury stock ) ) Restricted share forfeiture ) ) Other activity ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) million and an income tax provision of million, respectively. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated deficit Treasury stock Non-controlling interest In thousands Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Gannett ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net (a) 
 Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock Treasury stock ) ) Restricted share forfeiture ) ) Other activity Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated deficit Treasury stock Non-controlling interest In thousands Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Gannett ) ) ) Restricted share grants ) Other comprehensive income, net (a) 
 Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock Treasury stock ) ) Restricted share forfeiture ) ) Other activity Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) million and income tax provision of million, respectively. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

segments: Domestic Gannett Media, Newsquest and Digital Marketing Solutions ("DMS"). We also have a Corporate and other category that includes activities not directly attributable to a specific reportable segment and includes broad corporate functions, such as legal, human resources, accounting, analytics, finance, marketing and technology, as well as other general business costs. A full description of our reportable segments is included in Note 12 Segment reporting. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Digital marketing services ) Digital-only subscription Digital other 
 Digital ) Print advertising Print circulation Commercial and other (a) 
 Print and commercial Total revenues (b) 
 ) 
 (a) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, included Commercial printing and delivery revenues of million and million at the Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments, respectively. 
 (b) Revenues generated from international operations comprised of total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Digital marketing services ) Digital-only subscription Digital other 
 Digital ) Print advertising Print circulation Commercial and other (a) 
 Print and commercial Total revenues (b) 
 ) 
 (a) For the three months ended September 30, 2023, included Commercial printing and delivery revenues of million and million at the Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments, respectively. 
 (b) Revenues generated from international operations comprised of total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Digital marketing services ) Digital-only subscription Digital other 
 Digital ) Print advertising Print circulation Commercial and other (a) 
 Print and commercial Total revenues (b) 
 ) 
 (a) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included Commercial printing and delivery revenues of million and million at the Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments, respectively. 
 (b) Revenues generated from international operations comprised of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Digital marketing services ) Digital-only subscription Digital other 
 Digital ) Print advertising Print circulation Commercial and other (a) 
 Print and commercial Total revenues (b) 
 ) 
 (a) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, included Commercial printing and delivery revenues of million and million at the Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments, respectively. 
 (b) Revenues generated from international operations comprised of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

in accordance with the terms of the subscriptions. 
 
 The Company's payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. The period between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, the Company requires payment before the products or services are delivered to the customer. The majority of our subscription customers are billed and pay on monthly terms. 
 
 Receipts, net of refunds Revenue recognized ) ) Ending balance 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Current period provision Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) Recoveries of amounts previously written-off Other Ending balance 
 
 million and million in bad debt expense, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million in bad debt expense, respectively. Bad debt expense is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

Other customer relationships Subscriber relationships Other intangible assets Sub-total Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Mastheads Total intangible assets Goodwill 

indicators of impairment were present. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Newsquest Digital Marketing Solutions Corporate and other Total 
 
 A roll-forward of the accrued severance and related expenses included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 
 In thousands Severance and related expenses Beginning balance Restructuring provision included in integration and reorganization costs Cash payments ) Ending balance 
 
 Other reorganization-related expenses 
 
 Other reorganization-related costs represent individual restructuring programs, designed primarily to right-size the Company's employee base, consolidate facilities and improve operations. 
 ) ) Newsquest ) ) Digital Marketing Solutions Corporate and other Total ) 
 (a) The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included million and million, respectively, related to withdrawal liabilities which were expensed as a result of ceasing contributions to multiemployer pension plans. In addition, the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included million expensed as of the cease-use date related to certain licensed content. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, included the reversal of a withdrawal liability related to a multiemployer pension plan of million and million, respectively, based on the settlement of the withdrawal liability. 
 
 Asset impairments 
 
 Corporate office relocation 
 
 On March 1, 2024, we exited and ceased use of our leased facility in McLean, Virginia and moved our corporate headquarters to our existing office space in New York. We will continue to seek subleases for the leased facility in McLean. As a result of the headquarters relocation, we recorded an impairment charge of approximately million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the McLean operating lease right-of-use asset and the associated leasehold improvements. The fair value was measured using a discounted cash flow model based on market rents projected over the remaining lease term. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) 2026 Senior Notes ) ) ) ) 2027 Notes ) ) ) ) 2024 Notes Total debt ) ) ) ) Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) ) ) Non-current portion of long-term debt ) ) ) ) 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan 
 
 On October 15, 2021, Gannett Holdings LLC ("Gannett Holdings"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the senior secured term loan facility in an original aggregate principal amount of million (the "Senior Secured Term Loan") with Citibank N.A., as collateral agent and administrative agent for the lenders. On January 31, 2022, Gannett Holdings entered into an amendment (the "Term Loan Amendment") to the Senior Secured Term Loan to provide for new incremental senior secured term loans (the "Incremental Term Loans") in an aggregate principal amount of million. The Incremental Term Loans have substantially identical terms as the Senior Secured Term Loan and are treated as a single tranche with the Senior Secured Term Loan. The Term Loan Amendment also amended the Senior Secured Term Loan to transition the interest rate base from the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") to the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Adjusted Term SOFR"). During 2022, Gannett Holdings entered into separate amendments to the Senior Secured Term Loan to provide for incremental senior secured term loans totaling an aggregate principal amount of million (collectively, the "Exchanged Term Loans"). The Exchanged Term Loans have substantially identical terms as the Senior Secured Term Loan and Incremental Term Loans and are treated as a single tranche with the Senior Secured Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loans. 
 
 The Senior Secured Term Loan bears interest at a per annum rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR (which shall not be less than per annum) plus a margin equal to or an alternate base rate (which shall not be less than per annum) plus a margin equal to . Loans under the Senior Secured Term Loan may be prepaid, at the option of Gannett Holdings, at any time without premium. In addition, we are required to repay the Senior Secured Term Loan from time to time with (i) the proceeds of non-ordinary course asset sales and casualty and condemnation events, (ii) the proceeds of indebtedness not permitted under the Senior Secured Term Loan, and (iii) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand at the Company and its restricted subsidiaries in excess of million at the end of each fiscal year of the Company. Subsequent to the amendment effective as of April 8, 2022, the Senior Secured Term Loan is amortized at million per quarter (or, if the ratio of debt secured on an equal basis with the Senior Secured Term Loan less unrestricted cash of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to Consolidated EBITDA (as such terms are defined in the Senior Secured Term Loan (such ratio, the "First Lien Net Leverage Ratio"), for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is equal to or less than to 1.00, million per quarter). All obligations under the Senior Secured Term Loan are secured by all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and the wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of the Company (the "Senior Secured Term Loan Guarantors"). The obligations of Gannett Holdings under the Senior Secured Term Loan are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Company and the Senior Secured Term Loan Guarantors. 
 
 The Senior Secured Term Loan contains usual and customary covenants for credit facilities of this type, including a requirement to have minimum unrestricted cash of million as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, and restricts, among other things, our ability to incur debt, grant liens, sell assets, make investments and pay dividends, in each case with customary 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million per fiscal quarter if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for such fiscal quarter is equal to or less than to 1.00, (ii) an amount of up to million per fiscal quarter if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for such fiscal quarter is equal to or less than to 1.00, and (iii) an unlimited amount if First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for such fiscal quarter is equal to or less than to 1.00. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants and obligations under the Senior Secured Term Loan. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Senior Secured Term Loan was recorded at carrying value, which approximated fair value, in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and was classified as Level 2. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received a waiver from certain lenders of the Senior Secured Term Loan that reduced the scheduled quarterly amortization payments payable to those lenders by approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (the "2024 Waiver"), and which was the amount used by the Company to repurchase a portion of its 2026 Senior Notes (defined below). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made payments of million and million, respectively, on our Senior Secured Term Loan (net of the 2024 Waiver for the nine months ended September 30, 2024), including quarterly amortization payments, which were classified as financing activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, and paid cash interest of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, and paid cash interest of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized amortization of original issue discount of million and million, respectively, and amortization of deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized amortization of original issue discount of million and million, respectively, and amortization of deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, the Company recognized losses on the early extinguishment of debt of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to the write-off of original issue discount and deferred financing costs as a result of prepayments on the Senior Secured Term Loan. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate for the Senior Secured Term Loan was . 
 
 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 
 
 On October 15, 2021, Gannett Holdings completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of first lien notes due November 1, 2026 (the "2026 Senior Notes"). The 2026 Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated October 15, 2021 (the "2026 Senior Notes Indenture") among Gannett Holdings, the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto (the "2026 Senior Notes Guarantors"), U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, registrar, paying agent and authenticating agent. During 2022, the Company exchanged an aggregate principal amount equal to million of the 2026 Senior Notes for million of the Exchanged Term Loans. 
 
 Interest on the 2026 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears, beginning on May 1, 2022. The 2026 Senior Notes mature on November 1, 2026, unless redeemed or repurchased earlier pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture. The 2026 Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of Gannett Holdings, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time after November 1, 2023, at the redemption prices set forth in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture. If certain changes of control with respect to Gannett Holdings or the Company occur, Gannett Holdings must offer to purchase the 2026 Senior Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to of the principal amount thereof on the date of purchase, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of purchase. 
 
 The 2026 Senior Notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by the 2026 Senior Notes Guarantors. The 2026 Senior Notes and such guarantees are secured on a first-priority basis by the collateral, consisting of substantially all of the assets of Gannett Holdings and the 2026 Senior Notes Guarantors, subject to certain intercreditor arrangements. 
 
 The 2026 Senior Notes Indenture limits the Company and its restricted subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions; incur or guarantee additional debt and issue certain disqualified equity interests and preferred stock; make certain restricted payments, including a limit on dividends on equity securities or 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was primarily affected by fluctuations in market interest rates. 
 
 In March 2024, the Company entered into a privately negotiated agreement with certain holders of our 2026 Senior Notes, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, repurchased million of principal of our outstanding 2026 Senior Notes at a discount to par value. In connection with the repurchase of our 2026 Senior Notes in March 2024, the Company received the 2024 Waiver from certain lenders of the Senior Secured Term Loan, which was used to reduce the scheduled quarterly amortization payments payable to those lenders by approximately million. As a result of this repurchase of our 2026 Senior Notes, the Company recognized a gain on the early extinguishment of debt of approximately million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which included the write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs. Additionally, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a gain on the early extinguishment of debt of approximately million and million, respectively, which included the write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs. 
 
 The unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs will be amortized over the remaining contractual life of the 2026 Senior Notes using the effective interest method. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 paid cash interest of million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, and paid cash interest of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized amortization of original issue discount of million and million, respectively, and amortization of deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized amortization of original issue discount of million and million, respectively, and amortization of deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the 2026 Senior Notes was . 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2027 
 
 The million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes") were issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of November 17, 2020, as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 21, 2020 and the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 9, 2021 (collectively, the "2027 Notes Indenture"), between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2027 Notes, the Company entered into an Investor Agreement (the "Investor Agreement") with the holders of the 2027 Notes (the "Holders") establishing certain terms and conditions concerning the rights and restrictions on the Holders with respect to the Holders' ownership of the 2027 Notes. The Company also entered into an amendment to the Registration Rights Agreement dated November 19, 2019, between the Company and FIG LLC. 
 
 Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The 2027 Notes mature on December 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased or converted. The 2027 Notes may be converted at any time by the Holders into cash, shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share (the "Common Stock") or any combination of cash and Common Stock, at the Company's election. The initial conversion rate is shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Notes, which is equal to a conversion price of per share of Common Stock (the "Conversion Price"). 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 (adjusted for repurchases and certain other events that reduce the outstanding amount of the 2027 Notes) of the Common Stock after giving effect to such issuance or sale (assuming the initial principal amount of the 2027 Notes remains outstanding). After giving effect to the repurchase of million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 2027 Notes during the year ended December 31, 2021, such percentage was approximately . 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a "Make-Whole Fundamental Change" (as defined in the 2027 Notes Indenture), the Company will in certain circumstances increase the conversion rate for a specified period of time. If a "Fundamental Change" (as defined in the 2027 Notes Indenture) occurs, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase the 2027 Notes at a repurchase price of of the principal amount thereof. 
 
 Holders of the 2027 Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase up to approximately million of the 2027 Notes at par on or after the date that is days after the maturity date of the Senior Secured Term Loan. 
 
 Under the 2027 Notes Indenture, the Company can only pay cash dividends up to an agreed-upon amount, provided the ratio of consolidated debt to EBITDA (as such terms are defined in the 2027 Notes Indenture) does not exceed a specified ratio. In addition, the 2027 Notes Indenture provides that, at any time that the Company's Total Gross Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2027 Notes Indenture) exceeds and the Company approves the declaration of a dividend, the Company must offer to purchase a principal amount of 2027 Notes equal to the proposed amount of the dividend. 
 
 Until the anniversary of the issuance date, the Company will have the right to redeem for cash up to approximately million of the 2027 Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount thereof, with such amount reduced ratably by any principal amount of 2027 Notes that has been converted by the Holders or redeemed or purchased by the Company. 
 
 The 2027 Notes are guaranteed by Gannett Holdings and all subsidiaries of the Company that guarantee the Senior Secured Term Loan. The 2027 Notes rank as senior secured debt of the Company and are secured by a second priority lien on the same collateral package that secures the indebtedness incurred in connection with the Senior Secured Term Loan. 
 
 The 2027 Notes Indenture includes affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on liens, indebtedness, dispositions, loans, advances and investors, sale and leaseback transactions, restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, restrictions on dividends and other payment restrictions affecting restricted subsidiaries, negative pledges, and modifications to certain agreements. The 2027 Notes Indenture also requires that the Company maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, at least million of Qualified Cash (as defined in the 2027 Notes Indenture). The 2027 Notes Indenture includes customary events of default. 
 
 The 2027 Notes have components: (i) a debt component, and (ii) an equity component. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the debt component of the 2027 Notes was recorded at carrying value in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of the 2027 Notes reflected the balance of the unamortized discount related to the value of the conversion feature assessed at inception. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the 2027 Notes did not approximate fair value. The 2027 Notes were classified as Level 2, and based on unadjusted quoted prices in the active market obtained from third-party pricing services, the Company determined that the estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was primarily affected by fluctuations in market interest rates and the price of the Company's Common Stock. The fair value of the equity component was classified as Level 3 because it was measured at fair value using a binomial lattice model using assumptions based on market information and historical data, and significant unobservable inputs. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of the conversion feature recorded in Additional paid-in capital was million. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 paid cash interest of million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest expense of million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 paid cash interest of million. In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized amortization of the original issue discount of million and million, respectively, and an amount of amortization of deferred financing costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized amortization of original issue discount of million and million, respectively, and an amount of amortization of deferred financing costs. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the liability component of the 2027 Notes was . 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no shares were issued upon conversion, exercise, or satisfaction of the required conditions. Refer to Note 10 Supplemental equity and other information for details on the impact of the 2027 Notes to diluted earnings per share under the if-converted method. 
 
 Senior Convertible Notes due 2024 
 
 million principal value of the remaining convertible senior notes was repaid on April 15, 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). As of December 31, 2023, the 2024 Notes were reported within the Current portion of long-term debt and were recorded at carrying value, which approximated fair value, in the condensed consolidated balance sheet and were classified as Level 2. 

Non-operating expenses: Interest cost on benefit obligations Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (benefit) ) ) Amortization of actuarial cost (benefit) ) ) Total non-operating benefit ) ) ) ) Total benefit for retirement plans ) ) ) ) 

Non-operating expenses: Interest cost on benefit obligations Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (benefit) ) ) Amortization of actuarial cost (benefit) ) ) Total non-operating benefit ) ) ) ) Total benefit for retirement plans ) ) ) ) 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and million to our pension and other postretirement plans, respectively. Beginning with the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and ending with the quarter ending September 30, 2024, the GR Plan's appointed actuary has and will certify the GR Plan's funded status for each quarter (the "Quarterly Certification") in accordance with U.S. GAAP. If the GR Plan is less than funded, the Company will make a million contribution to the GR Plan no later than days following the receipt of the Quarterly Certification, provided, however, that the Company's obligation to make additional contractual contributions will terminate the earlier of (a) the day following the date that a contractual contribution would be due for the quarter ending September 30, 2024, and (b) the date the Company has made a total of million of contractual contributions subsequent to June 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, the GR Plan was more than funded. 

) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 
 The (benefit) provision for income taxes is calculated by applying the projected annual effective tax rate for the year to the current period income or loss before tax plus the tax effect of any significant or unusual items (discrete events), and changes in tax laws. 
 
 The benefit for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was mainly driven by the pre-tax book loss offset by the valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards, the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion and state tax expense. The benefit was calculated using an estimated annual effective tax rate of . The estimated annual effective tax rate before discrete items is principally impacted by the global intangible low-taxed income 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefit as a component of income tax expense. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company released approximately million of the uncertain tax position reserves and approximately million of interest and penalties related to an IRS audit in the second quarter of 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of accrued interest and penalties payable related to unrecognized tax benefits was million and million, respectively. 
 
 The provision for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly driven by an increase in the estimated annual effective tax rate applied to the full year resulting from a decrease in the net income before tax projections used in the third quarter of 2023, the change in valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards, and the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion. The provision was calculated using an estimated annual effective tax rate of . 
 
 The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly driven by the change in valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards and the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion, partially offset by the tax benefit of the year to date pre-tax book loss. 
 ) ) ) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Loss per share attributable to Gannett - basic ) ) ) ) Loss per share attributable to Gannett - diluted ) ) ) ) (a) Includes restricted stock awards ("RSAs"), restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance stock units ("PSUs"). 
 
 Stock options Restricted stock grants (b) 
 2027 Notes (c) 
 
 (a) The warrants expired on November 26, 2023. 
 (b) Includes RSAs, RSUs and PSUs. 
 (c) Represents the total number of shares that would have been convertible for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as stipulated in the 2027 Notes Indenture. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of Common Stock. The Company has excluded approximately million shares from the loss per share calculation, representing the difference between the total number of shares that would be convertible at September 30, 2024 and the total number of shares issuable assuming the maximum increase in the conversion rate. 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 
 Share-based compensation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 The total compensation cost not yet recognized related to non-vested awards as of September 30, 2024 was million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years through November 2026. 
 
 Equity awards 
 
 There were approximately thousand and million RSAs granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately million RSUs granted during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash awards 
 
 The Company grants certain employees either long-term cash awards ("LTCAs") or cash performance units ("CPUs"). During 2024, our LTCAs and CPUs were granted during the third quarter of 2024 and during 2023, our LTCAs and CPUs were granted during the first quarter. CPUs generally vest and pay out in cash on the third anniversary of the grant date based upon the achievement of threshold goals depending on actual performance against financial objectives over a three-year period. LTCAs generally vest and pay out in cash on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation expense related to cash awards. 
 
 Preferred stock 
 
 The Company has authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, issuable in one or more series designated by the Company's Board of Directors, of which have been issued. There were issuances of preferred stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Stock repurchase program 
 
 On February 1, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million (the "Stock Repurchase Program") of the Company's Common Stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to one or more plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or by means of one or more tender offers, in each case, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The amount and timing of the purchases, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the price and availability of the Company's shares, trading volume, capital availability, Company performance and general economic and market conditions. The Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Further, future repurchases under our Stock Repurchase Program may be subject to various conditions under the terms of our various debt instruments and agreements, unless an exception is available or we obtain a waiver or similar relief. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did repurchase any shares of Common Stock under the Stock Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining authorized amount under the Stock Repurchase Program was approximately million. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of taxes ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (a)(b) 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note 7 Pensions and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 (b) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are recorded net of tax impacts of thousand and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million and million in punitive damages. While we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of this action, the Company filed an appeal of the case in March 2024. We are currently unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss; however, we believe that damages, if any, would be covered by the Company's insurance policies. As a result, we believe the outcome will not have a material impact on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Newsquest Digital Marketing Solutions Corporate and other Intersegment Eliminations ) ) ) ) Total revenues Adjusted EBITDA: Domestic Gannett Media Newsquest Digital Marketing Solutions Corporate and other ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Interest expense Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Non-operating pension income ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Integration and reorganization costs (reversal) ) Third-party debt expenses and acquisition costs (a) 
 Asset impairments Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net ) ) Share-based compensation expense Other non-operating (income) expense, net ) ) ) Non-recurring items (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Gannett ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Third-party debt expenses and acquisition costs are included in Other operating expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) . 
 
 Asset information by segment is not a key measure of performance used by the CODM function. Accordingly, we have not disclosed asset information by segment. Additionally, equity income in unconsolidated investees, net, interest expense, other non-operating items, net, and provision for income taxes, as reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements, are not part of operating income and are primarily recorded at the corporate level. 

Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in pension and other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrued capital expenditures 

Compensation Taxes (primarily property, sales, and payroll taxes) Benefits Interest Other Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

million first lien term loan facility (the "2029 Term Loan Facility"), which refinanced and replaced the Company's existing Senior Secured Term Loan. The 2029 Term Loan Facility is comprised of an initial term loan facility of million, funded on the Closing Date (the "2029 Initial Draw Facility"), and a delayed draw term loan facility of million (the "2029 Delayed Draw Facility"), which has been made available to the Borrower at its discretion from the Closing Date and for a period of thereafter, subject to certain terms and conditions. As of the Closing Date, the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement consisted primarily of funds, accounts or other clients managed by Apollo Capital Management, L.P. or its affiliates (the "Apollo Funds"), with million of loans being provided by investors that elected the Loan Option Consideration in the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer (as defined below). Pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, Apollo Administrative Agency LLC was appointed as the successor administrative agent and the successor collateral agent to Citibank, N.A. 
 
 The 2029 Term Loan Facility bears interest at an annual rate equal, at the Borrower's option, to either (a) an alternate base rate (which shall not be less than per annum) plus a margin equal to per annum or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR (which shall be no less than plus a margin equal to per annum. The 2029 Term Loan Facility will mature on October 15, 2029 and will be freely prepayable without penalty. 
 
 Proceeds from the 2029 Initial Draw Facility, funded on the Closing Date, were used on the Closing Date to prepay in full the Senior Secured Term Loan, to repurchase Gannett Holdings' 2026 Senior Notes that were tendered by the holders thereof on 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 of such term loans (together with the term loans, the "Loan Option Consideration"); or (b) cash (the "Cash Option Consideration"). 
 
 Pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Senior Notes were tendered and accepted for exchange and subsequently canceled. 2026 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of million were exchanged for the Loan Option Consideration and 2026 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of million were exchanged for the Cash Option Consideration. Pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, the Company paid aggregate cash consideration of million (including the Cash Option Consideration and the upfront fee included in the Loan Option Consideration). 
 
 Following the completion of the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, the Company had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes. 
 
 Concurrently with the completion of the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, the Company and Gannett Holdings completed their solicitation of consents to (i) eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, (ii) eliminate certain of the default provisions contained in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture and (iii) amend certain related provisions to conform with such eliminations (collectively, the "2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments") and received the requisite number of consents to adopt the 2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments. On October 15, 2024, the Company, Gannett Holdings and the guarantors under the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture entered into a supplemental indenture to implement the 2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments. 
 
 Convertible Notes Exchange Transactions 
 
 On October 15, 2024, the Company completed privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of 2027 Notes pursuant to which it (i) repurchased a total of million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for cash at a rate of 1,110 per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Notes, for aggregate cash consideration of million and (ii) exchanged a total of million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for new Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes" and such repurchase and exchange, collectively, the "Convertible Notes Exchange"). 
 
 Additionally, on October 15, 2024, the Company issued and sold in aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes in a privately negotiated transaction (the "2031 Notes Sale"). 
 
 The 2031 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2024, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, and Alter Domus Products Corp, as collateral agent. Following the completion of the Convertible Notes Exchange and the 2031 Notes Sale, the Company had outstanding million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes and million aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes. 
 
 Concurrently with the Convertible Notes Exchange, the Company and the guarantors party thereto entered into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the 2027 Notes, dated as of November 17, 2020 (the "2027 Notes Indenture") pursuant to which (i) substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the 2027 Notes Indenture were eliminated, (ii) certain of the default provisions contained in the 2027 Notes Indenture were eliminated and (iii) certain related provisions were amended to conform with such eliminations. 
 
 We refer to the borrowing of term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility, the prepayment of the Senior Secured Term Loan, the exchange of 2026 Senior Notes for cash and term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility pursuant to the 2026 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 billion, which included the (i) million of 2029 Term Loan Facility, (ii) million of 2026 Senior Notes (iii) million of 2027 Notes, and (iv) million of 2031 Notes. As of such date, million was available for borrowing under the 2029 Delayed Draw Facility. 
 
 As a result of the Refinancing Transactions, we estimate that we will recognize pre-tax net gains on the early extinguishment of the Senior Secured Term Loan, the 2026 Senior Notes that were exchanged pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and the 2027 Notes that were exchanged pursuant to the Convertible Notes Exchange in the aggregate of approximately million, as well as other fees of approximately million during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and quantitative and qualitative disclosures should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by certain uncertainties, risks, and other factors described under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors, and elsewhere throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and subsequent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly under "Risk Factors." Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a diversified media company with expansive reach at the national and local level dedicated to empowering and enriching communities. We seek to inspire, inform, and connect audiences as a sustainable, growth focused media and digital marketing solutions company. We endeavor to deliver essential content, marketing solutions, and experiences for curated audiences, advertisers, consumers, and stakeholders by leveraging our diverse teams and suite of products to enrich the local communities and businesses we serve. 
 
 Our current portfolio of trusted media brands includes the USA TODAY NETWORK, comprised of the national publication, USA TODAY, and local media organizations in the United States (the "U.S."), and Newsquest, a wholly-owned subsidiary operating in the United Kingdom (the "U.K."). Our digital marketing solutions brand, LocaliQ, uses innovation and software to enable small and medium-sized businesses ("SMBs") to grow, and USA TODAY NETWORK Ventures, our events division, creates impactful consumer engagements, promotions, and races. 
 
 Through USA TODAY, our network of local properties, and Newsquest, we deliver high-quality, trusted content with a commitment to balanced, unbiased journalism, where and when consumers want to engage. We have strong relationships with hundreds of thousands of local and national businesses in both our U.S. and U.K. markets due to our large local and national sales forces and a robust advertising and digital marketing solutions product suite. Our strategy prioritizes maximizing the monetization of our audience through the growth of increasingly diverse and highly recurring digital businesses. We expect the execution of this strategy to enable us to continue our evolution to a predominantly digital media company. We deliver value to our customers, advertisers, partners, and shareholders with essential content, joyful experiences, and relevant digital solutions. 
 
 We report in three segments: Domestic Gannett Media, Newsquest and Digital Marketing Solutions ("DMS"). We also have a Corporate and other category that includes activities not directly attributable to a specific reportable segment and includes broad corporate functions, such as legal, human resources, accounting, analytics, finance, marketing and technology, as well as other general business costs. A full description of our reportable segments is included in Note 12 Segment reporting in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Business Trends 
 
 We have considered several industry trends when assessing our business strategy: 
 
 Print advertising and Print circulation revenues have and are expected to continue to decline as our audience increasingly moves to digital platforms. We seek to optimize our print operations to efficiently manage for the declining print audience. We are focused on growing a digitally-oriented audience across multiple platforms and revenue streams. 
 Our revenues and results of operations continue to be influenced by general macroeconomic conditions, including, but not limited to, interest rates, housing demand, employment levels, and consumer confidence. We believe that these factors are contributing to uncertainty, which is resulting in lower levels of advertising performance and reduced spending. 
 We rely on third-party platforms from large technology companies, particularly search engines, social media platforms, and emerging technologies. These platforms exert significant control over the visibility and ranking of our content, and their actions can adversely impact traffic, engagement, and revenues. Additionally, these companies can 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 influence both the type of media we acquire and its associated costs. We continue to adapt by diversifying our digital strategies and optimizing content distribution to mitigate these impacts. 
 Data privacy standards continue to evolve and implementation of standards may result in incremental costs. 
 The application of artificial intelligence ("AI") and the rapid rate of change within the AI ecosystem is increasing the pace of change in the media sector. 

Recent Developments 

Debt refinancing 
 
 2029 Term Loan Facility 
 
 On October 15, 2024 (the "Closing Date"), we entered into an Amendment and Restatement Agreement (the "Amendment and Restatement Agreement") among the Company, as a guarantor, Gannett Holdings, as the Borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Borrower as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as the existing collateral agent and administrative agent for the lenders, and Apollo Administrative Agency LLC, as the successor collateral agent and administrative agent for the lenders, which amends and restates the Company's existing First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of October 15, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Closing Date, the "Existing Credit Agreement"; the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and restated by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the "Amended Credit Agreement") by and among the Company, as guarantor, the Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Borrower as guarantors and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a new 900.0 million first lien term loan facility (the "2029 Term Loan Facility"), which refinanced and replaced our existing Senior Secured Term Loan. The 2029 Term Loan Facility is comprised of an initial term loan facility of 850.4 million, funded on the Closing Date (the "2029 Initial Draw Facility"), and a delayed draw term loan facility of 49.6 million (the "2029 Delayed Draw Facility"), which has been made available to the Borrower at its discretion from the Closing Date and for a period of six months thereafter, subject to certain terms and conditions. As of the Closing Date, the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement consisted primarily of funds, accounts or other clients managed by Apollo Capital Management, L.P. or its affiliates (the "Apollo Funds"), with 40.4 million of loans being provided by investors that elected the Loan Option Consideration in the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer (as defined below). Pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, Apollo Administrative Agency LLC was appointed as the successor administrative agent and the successor collateral agent to Citibank, N.A. 
 
 The 2029 Term Loan Facility bears interest at an annual rate equal, at the Borrower's option, to either (a) an alternate base rate (which shall not be less than 2.50 per annum) plus a margin equal to 4.00 per annum or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR (which shall be no less than 1.50 plus a margin equal to 5.00 per annum. The 2029 Term Loan Facility will mature on October 15, 2029 and will be freely prepayable without penalty. 
 
 Proceeds from the 2029 Initial Draw Facility, funded on the Closing Date, were used on the Closing Date to prepay in full the Senior Secured Term Loan, to repurchase Gannett Holdings' 2026 Senior Notes that were tendered by the holders thereof on or prior to October 10, 2024 pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and to repurchase our 2027 Notes that were exchanged by the holders thereof on the Closing Date pursuant to the Convertible Notes Exchange (as defined below). 
 
 The proceeds of the 2029 Delayed Draw Facility may be used to redeem outstanding 2026 Senior Notes not tendered in the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the 2026 Senior Notes (the "2026 Senior Notes Indenture") or to repurchase additional 2027 Notes. 
 
 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation 
 
 On October 15, 2024, we and Gannett Holdings completed an offer to exchange (the "2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer") any and all outstanding 2026 Senior Notes for, at the election of each holder of 2026 Senior Notes, either (a) (i) term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility and (ii) an upfront fee equal to 1.5 of such term loans (together with the term loans, the "Loan Option Consideration"); or (b) cash (the "Cash Option Consideration"). 
 
 Pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, 274.7 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Senior Notes were tendered and accepted for exchange and subsequently canceled. 2026 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 40.4 million were exchanged for the Loan Option Consideration and 2026 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 234.3 million were exchanged for the Cash Option Consideration. Pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, we paid 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 aggregate cash consideration of 234.9 million (including the Cash Option Consideration and the upfront fee included in the Loan Option Consideration). 
 
 Following the completion of the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, we had outstanding 3.9 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes. 
 
 Concurrently with the completion of the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, we and Gannett Holdings completed their solicitation of consents to (i) eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, (ii) eliminate certain of the default provisions contained in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture and (iii) amend certain related provisions to conform with such eliminations (collectively, the "2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments") and received the requisite number of consents to adopt the 2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments. On October 15, 2024, the Company, Gannett Holdings and the guarantors under the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture entered into a supplemental indenture to implement the 2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments. 
 
 Convertible Notes Exchange Transactions 
 
 On October 15, 2024, we completed privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of 2027 Notes pursuant to which we (i) repurchased a total of 223.6 million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for cash at a rate of 1,110 per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Notes, for aggregate cash consideration of 248.2 million and (ii) exchanged a total of 223.6 million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for new 6.000 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes" and such repurchase and exchange, collectively, the "Convertible Notes Exchange"). 
 
 Additionally, on October 15, 2024, we issued and sold 110,000 in aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes in a privately negotiated transaction (the "2031 Notes Sale"). 
 
 The 2031 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2024, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, and Alter Domus Products Corp, as collateral agent. Following the completion of the Convertible Notes Exchange and the 2031 Notes Sale, we had outstanding 38.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes and 223.7 million aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes. 
 
 Concurrently with the Convertible Notes Exchange, the Company and the guarantors party thereto entered into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the 2027 Notes, dated as of November 17, 2020 (the "2027 Notes Indenture") pursuant to which (i) substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the 2027 Notes Indenture were eliminated, (ii) certain of the default provisions contained in the 2027 Notes Indenture were eliminated and (iii) certain related provisions were amended to conform with such eliminations. 
 
 Please see the disclosure below under "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Debt refinancing" and Note 14 Subsequent events for further information regarding the debt refinancing. 

Certain Matters Affecting Comparability 
 
 The following items affect period-over-period comparisons and will continue to affect period-over-period comparisons for future results: 

Asset impairments 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded impairment charges of approximately 0.1 million and 46.1 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the asset impairment was primarily due to the impairment charge of approximately 46.0 million related to the McLean, Virginia operating lease right-of-use asset and the associated leasehold improvements. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded impairment charges of approximately 0.2 million and 1.4 million, respectively, related to our continued plan to monetize non-strategic assets. 

Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a net loss on the sale of assets of 0.8 million and 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 1.6 million, respectively, primarily related to net losses of 1.0 million and 2.2 million, respectively, at the Domestic Gannett Media segment, partially offset by net gains of 0.4 million and 0.9 million, respectively, at the Newsquest segment as part of our continued plan to monetize non-strategic assets. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized net gains on the sale of assets of 23.3 million and 40.9 million, respectively, primarily related to net gains of 23.4 million and 39.6 million, respectively, at the Domestic Gannett Media segment, mainly due to the sale of a production facility as part of our plan to monetize non-strategic assets, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a net gain on the sale of intellectual property of 1.4 million at our Corporate and other category. 

Integration and reorganization costs (reversal) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred Integration and reorganization costs of 17.3 million and 55.0 million, respectively, including 4.4 million and 14.1 million, respectively, related to severance activities and 12.9 million and 40.9 million, respectively, related to other reorganization-related costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other reorganization-related costs included 10.0 million and 19.9 million, respectively, related to withdrawal liabilities which were expensed as a result of ceasing contributions to multiemployer pension plans, as well as costs for consolidating operations, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included 9.7 million expensed as of the cease-use date related to certain licensed content. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred Integration and reorganization costs, including 1.5 million and 14.3 million, respectively, related to severance activities and 1.9 million and 10.6 million, respectively, related to other reorganization-related costs, including costs for consolidating operations, primarily related to systems implementation and the outsourcing of corporate functions. In addition, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, other reorganization-related costs were offset by the reversal of withdrawal liabilities related to multiemployer pension plans of 4.3 million and 6.4 million, respectively, based on settlement of the withdrawal liability. 

Foreign currency 
 
 Our U.K. media operations are conducted through our Newsquest subsidiary. In addition, we have foreign operations in regions such as Canada, Australia, New Zealand and India. Earnings from operations in foreign regions are translated into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates prevailing during the period, and assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Currency translation fluctuations may impact revenue, expense, and operating income results for our international operations. For example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations positively impacted our revenues and profitability during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Strategy 
 
 We are committed to inspiring, informing and connecting audiences as a sustainable, growth-focused media and digital marketing solutions company. We endeavor to deliver essential content, marketing solutions and experiences for curated audiences, advertisers, consumers, and stakeholders by leveraging our diverse teams and suite of products to enrich the local communities and businesses we serve. The execution of this strategy is expected to allow us to continue our evolution from a more traditional print media business to a sustainable, growth-focused media and digital marketing solutions company. 
 
 We intend to create stockholder value through a variety of methods, including organic growth driven by our consumer and business-to-business strategies, as well as through paying down debt to strengthen our capital structure. 
 
 Stable foundation for ongoing growth 
 
 We continue to optimize and improve our foundation completing systems consolidations and migrations, improving process workflows, and ensuring we have synergy across the organization to deliver the stabilization required to fuel our plan into the future. We also continue to invest in our people and in the skills needed to support our future aims and to retain our talent by remaining an attractive place to work. 
 
 Expand reach with our customer segments 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Key to our ongoing growth is expanding our base whether clients in our DMS segment or audience in our Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments and optimizing our revenue streams across this growing base. For both the Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments, this includes content expansion and establishing a seamless print to digital continuum to introduce clients, readers, viewers, and listeners to a broader range of products we offer. For the DMS segment, expanding our client base and core revenue is anticipated to be supplemented by the development of a complementary software model. 
 
 Diversify digital revenues 
 
 We expect to continue to expand the ways that we grow digital revenues through innovative partnerships and developing new products and services that meet the needs of consumers and businesses. Examples of this growth strategy include our intention to continue to expand partnerships that rely on our unique and large audience base and developing new DMS software solutions. 
 
 Foundational commitment to environmental, social, and governance matters that impact our customers and communities 
 
 We will continue our environmental, social and governance ("ESG") journey that is rooted in our strategic mission to empower our communities to thrive and put our customers at the center of everything we do. We support that mission with clearly defined values that aim to influence not only what we do, but how we do it, with one of the core pillars focusing on our ongoing commitments to inclusion, diversity, and equity ("ID E"). From our internal efforts around recruiting, development and retention, to our external efforts to provide high quality products and excellent customer service, we believe our strategic focus will benefit from our continued commitment to building upon our culture and community values. 

Macroeconomic Environment 
 
 We are exposed to certain risks and uncertainties caused by factors beyond our control, including economic and political instability and other geopolitical events. We believe that these uncertain economic conditions have adversely impacted and may continue to have an adverse impact on our revenues, and the occurrence of these factors has resulted in a reduction in demand for our print and digital advertising, reduced the rates for our advertising, and caused marketers to shift, reduce or stop spend. 
 
 We are exposed to potential increases in interest rates associated with our Senior Secured Term Loan, which accounted for approximately 28 and 31 of our outstanding debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as well as fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily related to our operations in the U.K. We expect continued uncertainty and volatility in the U.S. and global economies, which will continue to impact our business. 

Seasonality 
 
 We experience seasonality in our revenues. The Domestic Gannett Media segment typically witnesses the greatest impact from seasonality in the third quarter, primarily attributed to reduced population in seasonal markets and decreased holiday related spending. The DMS segment generally experiences the greatest impact from seasonality in the first half of the fiscal year, which can be attributed to the advertising needs of specific verticals, which are generally lower in the first half of the year. 

Environmental, Social and Governance Initiatives 
 
 As a leading media organization, our longstanding corporate social responsibility position is driven by our deep commitment to our communities. We are dedicated to ensuring that we have mindful and ethical business practices that positively impact our world. In early 2024, we published our 2024 ESG Report detailing the progress we made on our U.N. Sustainable Development Goals ("U.N. SDGs") that include Reduced Inequalities, Climate Action, and Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions. The 2024 ESG Report included noteworthy highlights such as improving our workplace diversity, expanding our systems infrastructure to provide Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for our global carbon footprint, and reducing the number of manufacturing facilities. 
 
 We are committed to ensuring our coverage is widely available, actively promoted across our media sites and marketed to our millions of registered users. In January 2024, we published our network-wide 2023 Journalism Impact Report, which highlighted what we believe are the most influential articles we produced in 2023 and covers topics such as coverage on ID E, as well as climate change. We are committed to the ongoing publishing of an annual network-wide Journalism Impact Report, which surfaces the top stories we produced that led to action. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The well-being of our employees is of paramount importance to us, and we are committed to maintaining a corporate culture that conducts business in a responsible and ethical manner that includes promoting, protecting and supporting human rights across our operations and throughout our entire organization, which is why we have adopted a company-wide Human Rights Policy. This policy expands upon an existing policy enacted by our U.K. operations. Our Human Rights Policy covers areas such as our commitment to diversity and inclusion, a safe and healthy workplace, our communities and stakeholders, and freedom of association and collective bargaining, which helps ensure our employees' right to form and choose whether to join a labor union without fear of reprisal, intimidation, or harassment. The Human Rights Policy also reflects our commitment to bargaining in good faith with chosen representatives of such groups in accordance with applicable laws. 

Use of Website to Distribute Material Company Information 
 
 Our website is www.gannett.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We use our website as a distribution channel for material company information. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible on the Investor Relations and News and Events subpages of our website, which are accessible by clicking on the tab labeled "Investor Relations" and "News and Events", respectively, on the website home page. Therefore, investors should look to the Investor Relations, and News and Events subpages of the Company's website for important and time-critical information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Consolidated Summary 
 
 A summary of our consolidated results is presented below: Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, In thousands, except per share amounts Change Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Digital advertising 84,742 80,758 3,984 5 253,673 242,464 11,209 5 Digital marketing services (a) 
 119,576 121,891 (2,315) (2) 359,303 357,113 2,190 1 Digital-only subscription 50,055 40,039 10,016 25 139,816 113,726 26,090 23 Digital other 
 23,013 20,956 2,057 10 70,471 59,922 10,549 18 Digital 277,386 263,644 13,742 5 823,263 773,225 50,038 6 Print advertising 123,929 137,154 (13,225) (10) 397,509 434,383 (36,874) (8) Print circulation 157,295 187,065 (29,770) (16) 493,941 588,275 (94,334) (16) Commercial and other (b) 
 53,829 65,008 (11,179) (17) 173,327 198,262 (24,935) (13) Print and commercial 335,053 389,227 (54,174) (14) 1,064,777 1,220,920 (156,143) (13) Total revenues 612,439 652,871 (40,432) (6) 1,888,040 1,994,145 (106,105) (5) Total operating expenses (a) 
 618,462 617,930 532 1,936,983 1,925,732 11,251 1 Operating (loss) income (6,023) 34,941 (40,964) (48,943) 68,413 (117,356) Non-operating expenses 20,060 21,365 (1,305) (6) 64,916 73,263 (8,347) (11) (Loss) income before income taxes (26,083) 13,576 (39,659) (113,859) (4,850) (109,009) (Benefit) provision for income taxes (6,429) 16,144 (22,573) (23,154) 148 (23,302) Net loss (19,654) (2,568) (17,086) (90,705) (4,998) (85,707) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) (2) 1 (50) (32) (99) 67 (68) Net loss attributable to Gannett (19,653) (2,566) (17,087) (90,673) (4,899) (85,774) Loss per share attributable to Gannett - basic (0.14) (0.02) (0.12) (0.64) (0.04) (0.60) Loss per share attributable to Gannett - diluted (0.14) (0.02) (0.12) (0.64) (0.04) (0.60) 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 (a) Amounts are net of intersegment eliminations of 37.0 million and 38.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 114.2 million and 110.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Intersegment eliminations represent digital marketing services revenues and expenses associated with products sold by sales teams in our Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments but fulfilled by our DMS segment. When discussing segment results, these revenues and expenses are presented gross but are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (b) Included Commercial printing and delivery revenues of 35.4 million and 44.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 118.3 million and 142.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Digital revenues are primarily derived from digital advertising offerings such as classified advertisements and display advertisements run on our platforms as well as third-party sites, digital marketing services generated through multiple services, including search advertising, display advertising, search optimization, social media, website development, web presence products, customer relationship management, and software-as-a-service solutions, digital distribution of our publications, as well as digital syndication, affiliate, partnership, and licensing revenues. 
 
 Print and commercial revenues are generated from the sale of local, national, and classified print advertising products, the sale of both home delivery and single copies of our publications, as well as commercial printing and distribution arrangements, and revenues from our events business. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Operating expenses 
 
 Operating expenses consist primarily of the following: 
 Operating costs at the Domestic Gannett Media and Newsquest segments include labor, newsprint, delivery and digital costs and at the DMS segment include the cost of online media acquired from third parties and costs to manage and operate our marketing solutions and technology infrastructure; 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include labor, payroll, outside services, benefits costs and bad debt expense; 
 Depreciation and amortization; 
 Integration and reorganization costs include severance costs as well as other reorganization costs associated with individual restructuring programs, designed primarily to right-size the Company's employee base, consolidate facilities and improve operations; 
 Impairment charges, including costs incurred related to goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; 
 Gains or losses on the sale or disposal of assets; and 
 Other operating expenses, including third-party debt expenses as well as acquisition-related costs. 
 
 Refer to Segment results below for a discussion of the results of operations by segment. 

Non-operating expenses (income) 
 
 Interest expense: For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Interest expense was 26.0 million and 78.8 million, respectively, compared to 27.9 million and 84.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a lower debt balance, mainly driven by quarterly amortization payments and required prepayments on our Senior Secured Term Loan and repurchases of our 2026 Senior Notes, partially offset by an increase in interest rates on the Senior Secured Term Loan. 
 
 Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt: For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a net loss on the early extinguishment of debt of 0.2 million related to refinancing activities associated with our Senior Secured Term Loan and, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a net gain of 0.4 million related to refinancing activities associated with both our 2026 Senior Notes and Senior Secured Term Loan. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized net gains of 2.7 million and 3.2 million, respectively, related to refinancing activities associated with our 2026 Senior Notes and Senior Secured Term Loan. 
 
 Non-operating pension income: For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Non-operating pension income was 3.2 million and 9.5 million, respectively, compared to 2.9 million and 7.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in Non-operating pension income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, was primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate, partially offset by a decline in the projected benefit obligation. 

(Benefit) provision for income taxes 
 
 The following table outlines our pre-tax net income (loss) before income taxes and income tax accounts: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Loss) income before income taxes (26,083) 13,576 (113,859) (4,850) (Benefit) provision for income taxes (6,429) 16,144 (23,154) 148 Effective tax rate 24.6 118.9 20.3 (3.1) 
 
 The (benefit) provision for income taxes is calculated by applying the projected annual effective tax rate for the year to the current period income or loss before tax plus the tax effect of any significant or unusual items (discrete events), and changes in tax laws. 
 
 The benefit for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was mainly driven by the pre-tax book loss offset by the valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards, the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion and state tax expense. The benefit was calculated using an estimated annual effective tax rate of 0.9 . The estimated annual effective tax rate before discrete items is principally impacted by the global intangible low-taxed income 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 inclusion, valuation allowances on non-deductible interest expense carryforwards, and foreign tax expense and was partially offset by the benefit of U.S. pre-tax book loss. The estimated annual effective tax rate is based on the projected tax expense for the full year. 
 
 The benefit for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was mainly driven by the release of uncertain tax position reserves related to an Internal Revenue Service audit, the release of foreign valuation allowances and the pre-tax book loss and was partially offset by the increase in valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards and other miscellaneous items. 
 
 The provision for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly driven by an increase in the estimated annual effective tax rate applied to the full year resulting from a decrease in the net income before tax projections used in the third quarter of 2023, the change in valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards, and the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion. The provision was calculated using the estimated annual effective tax rate of 159.4 . 
 
 The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was mainly driven by the change in valuation allowances on non-deductible U.S. interest expense carryforwards and the global intangible low-taxed income inclusion, partially offset by the tax benefit of the year to date pre-tax book loss. 

Net loss attributable to Gannett and diluted loss per share attributable to Gannett 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Net loss attributable to Gannett and diluted loss per share attributable to Gannett were 19.7 million and 0.14, respectively, compared to Net loss attributable to Gannett and diluted loss per share attributable to Gannett of 2.6 million and 0.02, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Net loss attributable to Gannett and diluted loss per share attributable to Gannett were 90.7 million and 0.64, respectively, compared to Net loss attributable to Gannett and diluted loss per share attributable to Gannett of 4.9 million and 0.04, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in the prior year reflects the various items discussed above. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results 

Domestic Gannett Media segment 
 
 A summary of our Domestic Gannett Media segment results is presented below: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Digital 172,831 159,217 13,614 9 512,521 465,556 46,965 10 Print and commercial 295,680 349,288 (53,608) (15) 943,618 1,101,080 (157,462) (14) Total revenues 468,511 508,505 (39,994) (8) 1,456,139 1,566,636 (110,497) (7) Operating expenses: Operating costs 292,806 332,447 (39,641) (12) 918,241 1,024,763 (106,522) (10) Selling, general and administrative expenses 129,219 135,836 (6,617) (5) 394,573 404,799 (10,226) (3) Depreciation and amortization 23,872 27,099 (3,227) (12) 73,058 86,480 (13,422) (16) Integration and reorganization costs (reversal) 13,362 (3,649) 17,011 42,944 2,334 40,610 Asset impairments 87 188 (101) (54) 87 1,370 (1,283) (94) Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net 1,032 (23,446) 24,478 2,169 (39,640) 41,809 Other operating (income) expenses (29) 139 (168) (119) 139 (258) Total operating expenses 460,349 468,614 (8,265) (2) 1,430,953 1,480,245 (49,292) (3) Operating income 8,162 39,891 (31,729) (80) 25,186 86,391 (61,205) (71) 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Revenues by category: Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Digital advertising 71,224 67,958 3,266 5 213,087 204,807 8,280 4 Digital marketing services 34,712 35,809 (1,097) (3) 106,765 103,231 3,534 3 Digital-only subscription 48,111 38,677 9,434 24 134,644 109,956 24,688 22 Digital other 
 18,784 16,773 2,011 12 58,025 47,562 10,463 22 Digital 172,831 159,217 13,614 9 512,521 465,556 46,965 10 Print advertising 105,885 118,247 (12,362) (10) 340,504 377,735 (37,231) (10) Print circulation 140,436 169,784 (29,348) (17) 443,372 536,551 (93,179) (17) Commercial and other (a) 
 49,359 61,257 (11,898) (19) 159,742 186,794 (27,052) (14) Print and commercial 295,680 349,288 (53,608) (15) 943,618 1,101,080 (157,462) (14) Total revenues 468,511 508,505 (39,994) (8) 1,456,139 1,566,636 (110,497) (7) 
 (a) Included Commercial printing and delivery revenues of 32.9 million and 42.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 110.7 million and 136.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital advertising revenues increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in national revenues, including sponsored link and programmatic revenue, as well as higher spend on automotive advertisements, partially offset by a decrease in local revenues and lower spend on employment and obituary notifications. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Digital marketing services revenues decreased compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to a decrease in client count, offset for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior period, due to an increase in client spend. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital-only subscription revenues increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in digital-only subscription average revenue per user ("Digital-only ARPU") of 21 and 22 , respectively, mainly due to higher rates. Refer to "Key Performance Indicators" below for further discussion of Digital-only ARPU. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital other revenues increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in affiliate and syndication revenues, partially offset by the absences of revenues associated with non-core products which were sunset. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Print advertising revenues decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in local and national print advertisements and lower advertiser inserts, mainly due to a reduction in spend from customers driven by macroeconomic factors, and lower spend on classified advertisements, mainly associated with obituary notifications and real estate advertisements. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Print circulation revenues decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to a decline in home delivery and single copy as a result of a reduction in the volume of subscribers, partially offset by higher rates on home delivery and single copy. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Commercial and other revenues decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in commercial print and delivery revenues, driven by the decline in production volume, including the impact of a business divested in the third quarter and facility closures as well as a decrease in the price of newsprint, and a decrease in event revenues, mainly driven by a decrease in ticket sales due to fewer events. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Operating costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Newsprint and ink 16,566 21,688 (5,122) (24) 51,985 78,056 (26,071) (33) Distribution 66,660 79,587 (12,927) (16) 210,426 246,508 (36,082) (15) Compensation and benefits 93,436 97,358 (3,922) (4) 282,996 295,243 (12,247) (4) Outside services 70,458 79,951 (9,493) (12) 230,517 241,745 (11,228) (5) Other 45,686 53,863 (8,177) (15) 142,317 163,211 (20,894) (13) Total operating costs 292,806 332,447 (39,641) (12) 918,241 1,024,763 (106,522) (10) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Newsprint and ink costs decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower volume due to the decline in revenues, as well as a decrease in the cost of newsprint of approximately 2.5 million and 11.6 million, respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Distribution costs decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease of approximately 15.4 million and 42.4 million, respectively, associated with lower home delivery and single copy revenues, and the conversion to mail and route optimization, partially offset by an increase in postage costs of approximately 2.4 million and 6.3 million, respectively, mainly due to conversion to mail delivery in multiple markets, as well as higher postage costs. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Compensation and benefits costs decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in headcount tied to ongoing cost control initiatives, including facility closures and conversion to mail delivery in multiple markets, partially offset by higher wages. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Outside services costs, which includes professional services fulfilled by third parties, media fees and other digital costs, and paid search and ad serving services, decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in news and editorial expenses of 4.3 million and 8.0 million, respectively, mainly due to the cease-use of certain licensed content, a decrease in event related expenses of 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 4.2 million and 4.3 million, respectively, mainly due to the decline in revenues, and a decrease in third-party media fees of approximately 2.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in outside printing costs of 2.0 million and 3.6 million, respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Other costs decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower facility related expenses of approximately 4.7 million and 12.3 million, respectively, mainly associated with real estate sales and facility consolidations, as well as lower miscellaneous expenses of approximately 3.4 million and 11.4 million, respectively, mainly related to lower technology costs. In addition, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this decrease was partially offset by higher promotion costs of approximately 2.8 million. 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Compensation and benefits 62,935 63,807 (872) (1) 189,738 189,319 419 Outside services and other 66,284 72,029 (5,745) (8) 204,835 215,480 (10,645) (5) Total selling, general and administrative expenses 129,219 135,836 (6,617) (5) 394,573 404,799 (10,226) (3) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Outside services and other costs , which include services fulfilled by third parties , decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower miscellaneous expenses of approximately 3.5 million and 6.9 million, respectively, including lower product and finance costs, partially offset by higher promotion and technology costs, and lower bad debt expense of approximately 2.2 million and 3.7 million, respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Depreciation and amortization expense decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting the impact of fewer print facilities in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Integration and reorganization costs increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, mainly due to an increase in other reorganization-related costs of 14.3 million and 36.6 million, respectively, and an increase in severance costs of 2.7 million and 4.0 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other reorganization-related costs included 10.0 million and 19.9 million, respectively, related to withdrawal liabilities which were expensed as a result of ceasing contributions to multiemployer pension plans, as well as costs for consolidating operations, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included 9.7 million expensed as of the cease-use date related to certain licensed content. In addition, the increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was also due to the reversal of withdrawal liabilities related to multiemployer pension plans of 4.3 million and 6.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, based on settlement of the withdrawal liability. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized net losses on the sale of assets of 1.0 million and 2.2 million, respectively, mainly related to businesses divested as part of our continued plan to monetize non-strategic assets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized net gains on the sale of assets of 23.4 million and 39.6 million, respectively, primarily related to sales of production facilities as part of our plan to monetize non-strategic assets. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Domestic Gannett Media segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to Gannett 9,639 41,544 (31,905) (77) 31,145 87,339 (56,194) (64) Non-operating pension income (1,307) (719) (588) 82 (3,919) (496) (3,423) Depreciation and amortization 23,872 27,099 (3,227) (12) 73,058 86,480 (13,422) (16) Integration and reorganization costs (reversal) 13,362 (3,649) 17,011 42,944 2,334 40,610 Third-party debt expenses and acquisition costs 139 (139) (100) 139 (139) (100) Asset impairments 87 188 (101) (54) 87 1,370 (1,283) (94) Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net 1,032 (23,446) 24,478 2,169 (39,640) 41,809 Other non-operating (income) expense, net (266) (422) 156 (37) (1,731) 988 (2,719) Non-recurring items (117) 15 (132) (42) 29 (71) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP basis) (a) 
 46,302 40,749 5,553 14 143,711 138,543 5,168 4 Net income attributable to Gannett margin 2.1 8.2 2.1 5.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP basis) (a)(b) 
 9.9 8.0 9.9 8.8 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 (a) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information about non-GAAP measures. 
 (b) We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total Revenues. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in Domestic Gannett Media segment Adjusted EBITDA compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to the changes discussed above. 

Newsquest segment 
 
 A summary of our Newsquest segment results is presented below: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Digital 20,175 19,096 1,079 6 59,839 55,962 3,877 7 Print and commercial 39,373 39,939 (566) (1) 121,159 119,840 1,319 1 Total revenues 59,548 59,035 513 1 180,998 175,802 5,196 3 Operating expenses: Operating costs 30,026 29,845 181 1 92,136 89,655 2,481 3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 15,706 15,768 (62) 46,930 47,611 (681) (1) Depreciation and amortization 2,114 2,845 (731) (26) 6,192 6,729 (537) (8) Integration and reorganization costs 84 110 (26) (24) 496 1,086 (590) (54) Gain on sale or disposal of assets, net (443) (19) (424) (887) (13) (874) Other operating income (101) (101) (308) (308) Total operating expenses 47,386 48,549 (1,163) (2) 144,559 145,068 (509) Operating income 12,162 10,486 1,676 16 36,439 30,734 5,705 19 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Revenues by category: Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Digital advertising 13,518 12,800 718 6 40,586 37,657 2,929 8 Digital marketing services 1,915 2,283 (368) (16) 5,928 6,778 (850) (13) Digital-only subscription 1,944 1,362 582 43 5,172 3,770 1,402 37 Digital other 
 2,798 2,651 147 6 8,153 7,757 396 5 Digital 20,175 19,096 1,079 6 59,839 55,962 3,877 7 Print advertising 18,044 18,907 (863) (5) 57,005 56,648 357 1 Print circulation 16,859 17,281 (422) (2) 50,569 51,724 (1,155) (2) Commercial and other (a) 
 4,470 3,751 719 19 13,585 11,468 2,117 18 Print and commercial 39,373 39,939 (566) (1) 121,159 119,840 1,319 1 Total revenues 59,548 59,035 513 1 180,998 175,802 5,196 3 
 (a) Included Commercial printing revenues of 2.6 million and 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 7.6 million and 5.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital advertising revenues increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in national and local revenues, partially offset by lower spend on employment notifications. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital-only subscription revenues increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by the increase in digital-only paid subscriptions. Refer to "Key Performance Indicators" below for further discussion of digital-only paid subscriptions. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Print advertising revenues decreased compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower spend on both classified advertisements and national print advertisements. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Print advertising revenues increased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in national print advertisements, partially offset by lower spend on classified advertisements. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Commercial and other revenues increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in commercial printing revenues driven by an increase in customer spend. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Operating costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Newsprint and ink 2,605 3,089 (484) (16) 7,690 10,605 (2,915) (27) Distribution 3,292 3,312 (20) (1) 9,615 10,150 (535) (5) Compensation and benefits 13,477 12,798 679 5 39,386 37,116 2,270 6 Outside services 3,908 4,088 (180) (4) 11,497 11,958 (461) (4) Other 6,744 6,558 186 3 23,948 19,826 4,122 21 Total operating costs 30,026 29,845 181 1 92,136 89,655 2,481 3 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Newsprint and ink costs decreased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by a decrease in the cost of newsprint of approximately 0.2 million and 2.0 million, respectively, as well as volume declines. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Distribution costs decreased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the decline in print circulation revenues. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Compensation and benefits costs increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher headcount. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Other costs increased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily associated with the increase in both digital and print advertising revenues. 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Compensation and benefits 11,893 11,811 82 1 35,555 35,163 392 1 Outside services and other 3,813 3,957 (144) (4) 11,375 12,448 (1,073) (9) Total selling, general and administrative expenses 15,706 15,768 (62) 46,930 47,611 (681) (1) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Outside services and other costs decreased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, mainly due to lower technology related expenses of approximately 0.8 million and lower bad debt expense of approximately 0.2 million. 
 
 Newsquest segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to Gannett 14,279 12,993 1,286 10 42,881 38,150 4,731 12 Non-operating pension income (1,886) (2,210) 324 (15) (5,557) (6,511) 954 (15) Depreciation and amortization 2,114 2,845 (731) (26) 6,192 6,729 (537) (8) Integration and reorganization costs 84 110 (26) (24) 496 1,086 (590) (54) Third-party debt expenses and acquisition costs (22) (22) Gain on sale or disposal of assets, net (443) (19) (424) (887) (13) (874) Other non-operating income, net (231) (297) 66 (22) (885) (905) 20 (2) Non-recurring items 89 (89) (100) 263 (263) (100) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP basis) (a) 
 13,917 13,511 406 3 42,218 38,799 3,419 9 Net income attributable to Gannett margin 24.0 22.0 23.7 21.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP basis) (a)(b) 
 23.4 22.9 23.3 22.1 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 (a) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information about non-GAAP measures. 
 (b) We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total Revenues. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in Newsquest segment Adjusted EBITDA compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to the changes discussed above. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Digital Marketing Solutions segment 
 
 A summary of our DMS segment results is presented below: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Digital (a) 
 119,929 121,919 (1,990) (2) 360,772 357,525 3,247 1 Total revenues 119,929 121,919 (1,990) (2) 360,772 357,525 3,247 1 Operating expenses: Operating costs 85,749 86,348 (599) (1) 260,038 250,537 9,501 4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 22,437 21,996 441 2 69,073 66,260 2,813 4 Depreciation and amortization 6,434 6,015 419 7 18,379 17,802 577 3 Integration and reorganization costs 1,030 630 400 63 1,942 602 1,340 Loss on sale or disposal of assets, net 4 131 (127) (97) 93 232 (139) (60) Total operating expenses 115,654 115,120 534 349,525 335,433 14,092 4 Operating income 4,275 6,799 (2,524) (37) 11,247 22,092 (10,845) (49) Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 (a) Digital revenues are solely generated by digital marketing services revenues. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Digital revenues decreased compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decline in the core direct business, mainly driven by a decline in customer count among lower spending customers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decline in the three months was offset primarily due to growth in the core direct business, including growth in revenues associated with both local and multi-location customers. Core platform average revenue per user increased 5 and 6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to "Key Performance Indicators" below for further discussion of Core platform ARPU. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Operating costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Outside services 74,905 75,498 (593) (1) 227,453 219,615 7,838 4 Compensation and benefits 9,336 9,212 124 1 27,340 26,263 1,077 4 Other 1,508 1,638 (130) (8) 5,245 4,659 586 13 Total operating costs 85,749 86,348 (599) (1) 260,038 250,537 9,501 4 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Outside services costs increased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to an increase in expenses associated with third-party media fees driven by a corresponding increase in revenues. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Compensation and benefits costs increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to merit increases. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Other costs increased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in miscellaneous expenses. 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Compensation and benefits 19,935 19,355 580 3 59,366 57,593 1,773 3 Outside services and other 2,502 2,641 (139) (5) 9,707 8,667 1,040 12 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 22,437 21,996 441 2 69,073 66,260 2,813 4 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Compensation and benefits costs increased compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in payroll expense driven by wage increases. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Outside services and other costs increased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to an increase in miscellaneous expenses, including higher costs associated with outsourcing and professional services. 
 
 DMS segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to Gannett 5,685 5,902 (217) (4) 11,808 20,798 (8,990) (43) Depreciation and amortization 6,434 6,015 419 7 18,379 17,802 577 3 Integration and reorganization costs 1,030 630 400 63 1,942 602 1,340 Loss on sale or disposal of assets, net 4 131 (127) (97) 93 232 (139) (60) Other non-operating (income) expense, net (1,410) 897 (2,307) (561) 1,294 (1,855) Non-recurring items 634 634 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP basis) (a) 
 11,743 13,575 (1,832) (13) 32,295 40,728 (8,433) (21) Net income attributable to Gannett margin 4.7 4.8 3.3 5.8 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP basis) (a)(b) 
 9.8 11.1 9.0 11.4 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 (a) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for additional information about non-GAAP measures. 
 (b) We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total Revenues. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in DMS segment Adjusted EBITDA compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to the changes discussed above. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate and other category 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Corporate and other revenues were 1.4 million and 4.3 million, respectively, compared to 1.5 million and 4.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The following table provides the breakout of Corporate and other operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change Change In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Operating costs 4,311 5,583 (1,272) (23) 13,532 17,853 (4,321) (24) Selling, general and administrative expenses 16,495 11,314 5,181 46 36,789 30,761 6,028 20 Depreciation and amortization 7,978 4,685 3,293 70 19,325 13,115 6,210 47 Integration and reorganization costs 2,831 1,954 877 45 9,581 14,437 (4,856) (34) Asset impairments 45,989 45,989 Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net 191 191 197 (1,448) 1,645 Other operating expenses 247 231 16 7 695 689 6 1 Total operating expenses 32,053 23,767 8,286 35 126,108 75,407 50,701 67 
 Indicates an absolute value percentage change greater than 100. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Corporate and other operating expenses increased compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in Selling, general and administrative expenses, mainly driven by an increase in outsourcing costs as well as higher legal fees, partially offset by lower compensation and benefits costs and lower facility related costs and, an increase in Depreciation and amortization expense, mainly driven by software and capitalized labor. In addition, the increase in operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included the impairment charge of approximately 46.0 million related to the write-off of the McLean, Virginia operating lease right-of-use asset and the associated leasehold improvements, as well as the absence in 2024 of the 1.4 million gain on the sale of intellectual property incurred in the first quarter of 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increases noted above in operating expenses were offset by a decrease in Operating costs, mainly driven by lower credit card fees and lower content allocation costs, offset by higher compensation and benefits costs, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease in Integration and reorganization costs, primarily due to a decrease in severance costs of 4.1 million and a decrease in other reorganization-related costs of 0.7 million. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our primary cash requirements are for working capital, debt obligations, and capital expenditures. 
 
 We expect to fund our operations and debt service requirements through cash provided by our operating activities. We expect we will have adequate capital resources and liquidity to meet our ongoing working capital needs, borrowing obligations, and all required capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. However, a further economic downturn or an increased rate of revenue declines would negatively impact our revenue, cash provided by operating activities and liquidity. We continue to implement cost reduction initiatives to reduce our ongoing level of operating expense. We believe our ability to realize benefits from our cost reduction initiatives will be necessary to offset the continued long-term decline in our legacy print business revenue streams. We believe that these measures are important in response to the overall challenging macroeconomic environment that we are facing. Refer to "Overview - Macroeconomic Environment" above for further discussion. 
 
 Details of our cash flows are included in the table below: 
 Nine months ended September 30, In thousands 2024 2023 Cash provided by operating activities 91,321 73,417 Cash (used for) provided by investing activities (17,065) 54,068 Cash used for financing activities (72,508) (112,943) Effect of currency exchange rate change on cash (681) 688 Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 1,067 15,230 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities: Our largest source of cash provided by operating activities is generated by advertising and marketing services, primarily from local and national print advertising, as well as retail, classified, and online revenues. Additionally, we generate cash through circulation subscribers, commercial printing and delivery services to third parties, and events. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include compensation, newsprint, delivery, and outside services. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 91.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 73.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to decreases in severance payments and cash paid for interest, partially offset by an increase in contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans, lower cash receipts related to deferred revenues and increased cash paid for taxes. 
 
 Cash flows (used for) provided by investing activities: Cash flows used for investing activities was 17.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash provided by investing activities of 54.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows used for investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from the sale of real estate and other non-strategic assets of 64.5 million and an increase in purchases of property, plant and equipment of 7.0 million. 
 
 Cash flows used for financing activities: Cash flows used for financing activities were 72.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 112.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash flows used for financing activities was primarily due to 43.8 million in lower repayments of long-term debt. 

Debt 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our outstanding debt totaled 992.1 million, which consisted of 293.6 million related to the Senior Secured Term Loan, 271.2 million related to the 2026 Senior Notes, and 427.3 million related to the 2027 Notes (defined below). 
 
 The Senior Secured Term Loan bears interest at a per annum rate equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR (which shall not be less than 0.50 per annum) plus a margin equal to 5.00 or an alternate base rate (which shall not be less than 1.50 per annum) plus a margin equal to 4.00 . We are required to repay the Senior Secured Term Loan from time to time with (i) the proceeds of non-ordinary course asset sales and casualty and condemnation events, (ii) the proceeds of indebtedness not permitted under the Senior Secured Term Loan, and (iii) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand at the Company and its restricted subsidiaries in excess of 100 million at the end of each fiscal year of the Company. Subsequent to the amendment effective as of April 8, 2022, the Senior Secured Term Loan is amortized at a rate equal to 15.1 million per quarter (or, if the 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ratio of debt secured on an equal basis with the Senior Secured Term Loan less unrestricted cash of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to Consolidated EBITDA (as such terms are defined in the Senior Secured Term Loan (such ratio, the "First Lien Net Leverage Ratio"), for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is equal to or less than 1.20 to 1.00, 7.6 million per quarter). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made payments of 28.5 million and 52.8 million, respectively, on our Senior Secured Term Loan (for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, such amount was net of the waiver received from certain lenders of the Senior Secured Term loan in the first quarter of 2024), including quarterly amortization payments. 
 
 Interest on the 2026 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The 2026 Senior Notes mature on November 1, 2026, unless redeemed or repurchased earlier pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture. 
 
 Interest on the 6.0 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes") is payable semi-annually in arrears. The 2027 Notes mature on December 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased or converted. The 2027 Notes may be converted at any time by the holders into cash, shares of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the "Common Stock") or any combination of cash and Common Stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate is 200 shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Notes, which is equal to a conversion price of 5.00 per share of Common Stock (the "Conversion Price"). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no shares were issued upon conversion, exercise, or satisfaction of the required conditions. 
 
 Our Senior Secured Term Loan, 2026 Senior Notes and 2027 Notes all contain usual and customary covenants and events of default. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such covenants and obligations. 
 
 Refer to Note 6 Debt in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding our debt. 

Debt refinancing 
 
 2029 Term Loan Facility 
 
 On October 15, 2024 (the "Closing Date"), we entered into an Amendment and Restatement Agreement (the "Amendment and Restatement Agreement") among the Company, as a guarantor, Gannett Holdings, as the Borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), certain subsidiaries of the Borrower as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as the existing collateral agent and administrative agent for the lenders, and Apollo Administrative Agency LLC, as the successor collateral agent and administrative agent for the lenders, which amends and restates the Company's existing First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of October 15, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Closing Date, the "Existing Credit Agreement"; the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended and restated by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, the "Amended Credit Agreement") by and among the Company, as guarantor, the Borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Borrower as guarantors and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a new 900.0 million first lien term loan facility (the "2029 Term Loan Facility"), which refinanced and replaced our existing Senior Secured Term Loan. The 2029 Term Loan Facility is comprised of an initial term loan facility of 850.4 million, funded on the Closing Date (the "2029 Initial Draw Facility"), and a delayed draw term loan facility of 49.6 million (the "2029 Delayed Draw Facility"), which has been made available to the Borrower at its discretion from the Closing Date and for a period of six months thereafter, subject to certain terms and conditions. As of the Closing Date, the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement consisted primarily of funds, accounts or other clients managed by Apollo Capital Management, L.P. or its affiliates (the "Apollo Funds"), with 40.4 million of loans being provided by investors that elected the Loan Option Consideration in the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer (as defined below). Pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, Apollo Administrative Agency LLC was appointed as the successor administrative agent and the successor collateral agent to Citibank, N.A. 
 
 The 2029 Term Loan Facility bears interest at an annual rate equal, at the Borrower's option, to either (a) an alternate base rate (which shall not be less than 2.50 per annum) plus a margin equal to 4.00 per annum or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR (which shall be no less than 1.50 plus a margin equal to 5.00 per annum. The 2029 Term Loan Facility will mature on October 15, 2029 and will be freely prepayable without penalty. 
 
 Proceeds from the 2029 Initial Draw Facility, funded on the Closing Date, were used on the Closing Date to prepay in full the Senior Secured Term Loan, to repurchase Gannett Holdings' 2026 Senior Notes that were tendered by the holders thereof on or prior to October 10, 2024 pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and to repurchase our 2027 Notes that were exchanged by the holders thereof on the Closing Date pursuant to the Convertible Notes Exchange (as defined below). 
 46 

Table of Contents 

The proceeds of the 2029 Delayed Draw Facility may be used to redeem outstanding 2026 Senior Notes not tendered in the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the 2026 Senior Notes (the "2026 Senior Notes Indenture") or to repurchase additional 2027 Notes. 
 
 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation 
 
 On October 15, 2024, we and Gannett Holdings completed an offer to exchange (the "2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer") any and all outstanding 2026 Senior Notes for, at the election of each holder of 2026 Senior Notes, either (a) (i) term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility and (ii) an upfront fee equal to 1.5 of such term loans (together with the term loans, the "Loan Option Consideration"); or (b) cash (the "Cash Option Consideration"). 
 
 Pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, 274.7 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Senior Notes were tendered and accepted for exchange and subsequently canceled. 2026 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 40.4 million were exchanged for the Loan Option Consideration and 2026 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 234.3 million were exchanged for the Cash Option Consideration. Pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, we paid aggregate cash consideration of 234.9 million (including the Cash Option Consideration and the upfront fee included in the Loan Option Consideration). 
 
 Following the completion of the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, we had outstanding 3.9 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes. 
 
 Concurrently with the completion of the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer, we and Gannett Holdings completed their solicitation of consents to (i) eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture, (ii) eliminate certain of the default provisions contained in the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture and (iii) amend certain related provisions to conform with such eliminations (collectively, the "2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments") and received the requisite number of consents to adopt the 2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments. On October 15, 2024, the Company, Gannett Holdings and the guarantors under the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture entered into a supplemental indenture to implement the 2026 Senior Notes Proposed Amendments. 
 
 Convertible Notes Exchange Transactions 
 
 On October 15, 2024, we completed privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of 2027 Notes pursuant to which we (i) repurchased a total of 223.6 million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for cash at a rate of 1,110 per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Notes, for aggregate cash consideration of 248.2 million and (ii) exchanged a total of 223.6 million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for new 6.000 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2031 (the "2031 Notes" and such repurchase and exchange, collectively, the "Convertible Notes Exchange"). 
 
 Additionally, on October 15, 2024, we issued and sold 110,000 in aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes in a privately negotiated transaction (the "2031 Notes Sale"). 
 
 The 2031 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of October 15, 2024, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, and Alter Domus Products Corp, as collateral agent. Following the completion of the Convertible Notes Exchange and the 2031 Notes Sale, we had outstanding 38.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes and 223.7 million aggregate principal amount of 2031 Notes. 
 
 Concurrently with the Convertible Notes Exchange, the Company and the guarantors party thereto entered into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the 2027 Notes, dated as of November 17, 2020 (the "2027 Notes Indenture") pursuant to which (i) substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained in the 2027 Notes Indenture were eliminated, (ii) certain of the default provisions contained in the 2027 Notes Indenture were eliminated and (iii) certain related provisions were amended to conform with such eliminations. 
 
 We refer to the borrowing of term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility, the prepayment of the Senior Secured Term Loan, the exchange of 2026 Senior Notes for cash and term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and the Convertible Notes Exchange as the "Refinancing Transactions." Following the closing of the Refinancing Transactions, as of October 15, 2024, total debt outstanding was 1.1 billion, which included the (i) 850.4 million of 2029 Term Loan Facility, (ii) 3.9 million of 2026 Senior Notes (iii) 38.1 million of 2027 Notes, and (iv) 223.7 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 million of 2031 Notes. As of such date, 49.6 million was available for borrowing under the 2029 Delayed Draw Facility. 
 
 As a result of the Refinancing Transactions, we estimate that we will recognize pre-tax net gains on the early extinguishment of the Senior Secured Term Loan, the 2026 Senior Notes that were exchanged pursuant to the 2026 Senior Notes Exchange Offer and the 2027 Notes that were exchanged pursuant to the Convertible Notes Exchange in the aggregate of approximately 50 million, as well as other fees of approximately 10 million during the fourth quarter of 2024. 

Additional information 
 
 We continue to evaluate our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows, and as part of these measures, we have taken steps to manage cash outflow by rationalizing expenses and implementing various cost management initiatives. We do not presently pay a quarterly dividend and there can be no assurance that we will pay dividends in the future. In addition, the terms of our indebtedness, including the Senior Secured Term Loan, the 2026 Senior Notes Indenture and the 2027 Notes Indenture have terms that restrict our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 On February 1, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million (the "Stock Repurchase Program") of our Common Stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to one or more plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or by means of one or more tender offers, in each case, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The amount and timing of the purchases, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the price and availability of our shares, trading volume, capital availability, our performance and general economic and market conditions. The Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Further, future repurchases under our Stock Repurchase Program may be subject to various conditions under the terms of our various debt instruments and agreements, unless an exception is available or we obtain a waiver or similar relief. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of Common Stock under the Stock Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining authorized amount under the Stock Repurchase Program was approximately 96.9 million. We do not currently anticipate repurchasing any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 Beginning with the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and ending with the quarter ending September 30, 2024, the Gannett Retirement Plan's (the "GR Plan") appointed actuary has and will certify the GR Plan's funded status for each quarter (the "Quarterly Certification") in accordance with U.S. GAAP. If the GR Plan is less than 100 funded, we will make a 1.0 million contribution to the GR Plan no later than 60 days following the receipt of the Quarterly Certification, provided, however, that our obligation to make additional contractual contributions will terminate the earlier of (a) the day following the date that a contractual contribution would be due for the quarter ending September 30, 2024, and (b) the date we have made a total of 5 million of contractual contributions subsequent to June 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, the GR Plan was more than 100 funded. 
 
 We expect our capital expenditures for the remainder of 2024 to total approximately 17 million. These capital expenditures are anticipated to be primarily comprised of projects related to digital product development, costs associated with our print and technology systems, and system upgrades. 
 
 Our indebtedness may adversely affect our business and financial performance and restricts our operating flexibility. The level of our indebtedness and our ongoing cash flow requirements may expose us to a risk that a substantial decrease in operating cash flows due to, among other things, continued or additional adverse economic conditions or adverse developments in our business, could make it difficult for us to meet the financial and operating covenants contained in our Senior Secured Term Loan, the 2026 Senior Notes, and the 2027 Notes. In addition, our indebtedness may limit cash flow available for general corporate purposes such as capital expenditures as well as share repurchases and acquisitions and our flexibility to react to competitive, technological, and other changes in our industry and economic conditions generally. We continue to closely monitor economic factors, including, but not limited to, the current inflationary market, and we expect to continue to take the steps necessary to appropriately manage liquidity. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 See our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our critical accounting policies and use of estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and use of estimates discussed in such report. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 A non-GAAP measure is generally defined as one that purports to measure historical or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, but excludes or includes amounts that would not be so excluded or included in the most comparable U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") measure. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial performance measures we believe offer a useful view of the overall operations of our business. These non-GAAP financial performance measures, which may not be comparable to, and may be defined differently than, similarly titled measures used or reported by other companies, should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for the related U.S. GAAP measures and should be read together with financial information presented on a U.S. GAAP basis. 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as Net income (loss) attributable to Gannett before (1) Income tax expense (benefit), (2) Interest expense, (3) Gains or losses on the early extinguishment of debt, (4) Non-operating pension income, (5) Loss on convertible notes derivative, (6) Depreciation and amortization, (7) Integration and reorganization costs, (8) Third-party debt expenses and acquisition costs, (9) Asset impairments, (10) Goodwill and intangible impairments, (11) Gains or losses on the sale or disposal of assets, (12) Share-based compensation, (13) Other non-operating (income) expense, net, and (14) Non-recurring items. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total Revenues. 
 
 Management's use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income (loss), margin, or any other measure of performance or liquidity derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP financial performance measures, as we have defined them, are helpful in identifying trends in our day-to-day performance because the items excluded have little or no significance on our day-to-day operations. These measures provide an assessment of core expenses and afford management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieve optimal financial performance. 
 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin as measures of our day-to-day operating performance, which is evidenced by the publishing and delivery of news and other media and excludes certain expenses that may not be indicative of our day-to-day business operating results. 
 
 Limitations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have limitations as analytical tools. They should not be viewed in isolation or as a substitute for U.S. GAAP measures of earnings. Material limitations in making the adjustments to our earnings to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin and using these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to U.S. GAAP net income (loss) include: the exclusion of the cash portion of interest/financing expense, income tax (benefit) provision, and charges related to asset impairments, which are items that may significantly affect our financial results. 
 
 Management believes these items are important in evaluating our performance, results of operations, and financial position. We use non-GAAP financial performance measures to supplement our U.S. GAAP results in order to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are not alternatives to net income (loss), margin, or any other measure of performance or liquidity derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As such, they should not be considered or relied upon as substitutes or alternatives for any such U.S. GAAP financial measures. We strongly urge you to review the reconciliation of Net income (loss) attributable to Gannett to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin along with our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We also strongly urge you not to rely on any single financial performance measure to evaluate our business. In addition, because Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are not measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP and are susceptible to varying 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 calculations, the Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin measures as presented in this report may differ from and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 

The table below shows the reconciliation of Net loss attributable to Gannett to Adjusted EBITDA and Net loss attributable to Gannett margin to Adjusted EBITDA margin: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, In thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss attributable to Gannett (19,653) (2,566) (90,673) (4,899) (Benefit) provision for income taxes (6,429) 16,144 (23,154) 148 Interest expense 25,959 27,918 78,794 84,807 Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt 176 (2,717) (354) (3,213) Non-operating pension income (3,193) (2,929) (9,476) (7,007) Depreciation and amortization 40,398 40,644 116,954 124,126 Integration and reorganization costs (reversal) 17,307 (955) 54,963 18,459 Third-party debt expenses and acquisition costs 247 370 673 828 Asset impairments 87 188 46,076 1,370 Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of assets, net 784 (23,334) 1,572 (40,869) Share-based compensation expense 2,905 3,944 9,243 12,727 Other non-operating (income) expense, net (2,979) (397) (3,771) 17 Non-recurring items 7,271 3,214 14,184 7,083 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP basis) 62,880 59,524 195,031 193,577 Net loss attributable to Gannett margin (3.2) (0.4) (4.8) (0.2) Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP basis) 10.3 9.1 10.3 9.7 

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
 A key performance indicator ("KPI") is generally defined as a quantifiable measurement or metric used to gauge performance, specifically to help determine strategic, financial, and operational achievements, especially compared to those of similar businesses. 
 
 We define Digital-only ARPU as digital-only subscription average monthly revenues divided by the average digital-only paid subscriptions within the respective period. We define Core platform ARPU as core platform average monthly revenues divided by average monthly customer count within the period. We define Core platform revenues as revenue derived from customers utilizing our proprietary digital marketing services platform that are sold by either our direct or local market teams. 
 
 Management believes Digital-only ARPU, Core platform ARPU, digital-only paid subscriptions, Core platform revenues and core platform average customer count are KPIs that offer useful information in understanding consumer behavior, trends in our business, and our overall operating results. Management utilizes these KPIs to track and analyze trends across our segments. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables provide information regarding certain KPIs for the Domestic Gannett Media, Newsquest and DMS segments: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, In thousands, except ARPU 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Domestic Gannett Media Digital-only ARPU 
 8.24 6.83 1.41 21 7.74 6.33 1.41 22 Newsquest Digital-only ARPU 
 6.49 6.46 0.03 6.15 6.26 (0.11) (2) Total Gannett Digital-only ARPU 
 8.16 6.82 1.34 20 7.67 6.33 1.34 21 DMS 
 Core platform revenues 119,158 120,836 (1,678) (1) 358,051 353,817 4,234 1 Core platform ARPU 2,777 2,636 141 5 2,751 2,605 146 6 Core platform average customer count 14.3 15.3 (1.0) (7) 14.5 15.1 (0.6) (4) 
 
 As of September 30, 
 In thousands 2024 2023 Change Digital-only paid subscriptions Domestic Gannett Media 1,953 1,889 3 Newsquest 103 75 37 Total Gannett 2,056 1,964 5 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are exposed to market risk, including from changes in interest rates, commodity prices, and foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in these factors could cause fluctuations in earnings and cash flow. In the normal course of business, exposure to certain of these market risks is managed as described below. 

Interest Rates 
 
 We generally manage our risk associated with changes in interest rates through the use of a combination of variable and fixed-rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, we had variable and fixed-rate debt totaling 297.6 million and 763.8 million, respectively. Our variable-rate debt consisted of the Senior Secured Term Loan, which bears interest at the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate. A hypothetical interest rate increase of 100 basis points would have increased our interest expense related to our variable-rate debt and likewise decreased our income and cash flows by approximately 0.7 million and 2.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. See Note 6 Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt. 

Commodity Prices 
 
 Certain operating expenses of ours are sensitive to commodity price fluctuations, as well as inflation. Our primary commodity price exposures are newsprint and, to a lesser extent, ink, which in the aggregate represented approximately 3.1 of operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 4.0 and 4.6 of operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. A hypothetical 10 per metric ton increase in newsprint price would not have materially impacted our results of operations or cash flows based on newsprint usage for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of approximately 23 thousand and 72 thousand metric tons, respectively. 

Foreign Currency 
 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk due to our operations in the U.K., for which the British pound sterling is the functional currency. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk due to our DMS segment which has operating activities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Indian rupee, and New Zealand dollar. 
 
 Translation gains or losses affecting the condensed consolidated financial statements have not been significant in the past. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, cumulative foreign currency translation gains reported as part of equity were 11.7 million and 10.0 million, respectively. The fluctuation in cumulative foreign currency translation gains was driven by the impact of changes in exchange rates, primarily the British pound sterling. A hypothetical 10 fluctuation of the price of the British pound sterling and the currencies in our DMS segment against the U.S. dollar would not have materially impacted operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on such evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Information regarding legal proceedings may be found in Note 11 Commitments, contingencies, and other matters Legal proceedings of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should consider the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Any of these risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or the market price of our Common Stock. The risks described below and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and/or operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 
 Our indebtedness, incurred from time to time, could have significant consequences on our future operations, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations and our other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults, and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, and the overall economy. As of October 15, 2024, our outstanding indebtedness includes (i) 850.4 million of term loans under a five-year senior secured term loan facility (the "2029 Term Loan Facility"), (ii) 3.9 million of 6.000 Senior Notes due November 1, 2026 ("2026 Senior Notes"), (iii) 38.1 million of 6.000 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due 2027 ("2027 Notes"), and (iv) 223.7 million of 6.000 Senior Secured Convertible Notes due December 1, 2031 ("2031 Notes"). In addition, as of such date, 49.6 million of term loans was available to be borrowed on a delayed-draw basis. For more information regarding our comprehensive refinancing transactions, see "Management Discussion and Analysis Recent Developments Debt refinancing" and "Note 14 Subsequent events". 
 
 All obligations under the 2029 Term Loan Facility, the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2031 Notes are secured by all or substantially all of our assets and our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
 
 The 2029 Term Loan Facility matures on October 15, 2029, and bears interest, at the Borrower's option, at either the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Adjusted Term SOFR") (which shall not be less than 1.50 per annum) plus a margin equal to 5.00 per annum or an alternate base rate (which shall not be less than 2.50 per annum) plus a margin equal to 4.00 per annum. The 2026 Senior Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2031 Notes each bear interest at a rate of 6.00 per annum. Accordingly, we are required to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to fund interest payments. The 2029 Term Loan Facility is amortized at a rate of 17.0 million per quarter, with such rate to be adjusted upon the borrowing of any delayed-draw term loans to the extent necessary to cause such delayed-draw term loans to be fungible (including for U.S. federal income tax purposes) with the initial term loans under the 2029 Term Loan Facility. In addition, we are required to repay the 2029 Term Loan Facility from time to time with (i) the proceeds of non-ordinary course asset sales and casualty and condemnation events (except that, prior to the termination of the delayed-draw commitments, any such proceeds are required to be used by us to repurchase or redeem the 2026 Senior Notes), (ii) the proceeds of indebtedness that is not otherwise permitted under the 2029 Term Loan Facility and (iii) the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand at the Company and our restricted subsidiaries in excess of 100 million as of the last day of any fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024). Our debt service obligations reduce the amount of cash flow available to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, investments and potential distributions to stockholders. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations. Our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operations, which is subject to a variety of risks, including general economic conditions and the strength of our competitors, which are outside our control. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The terms of our indebtedness impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. The 2029 Term Loan Facility, and the 2031 Notes require us to comply with numerous affirmative and negative covenants, including, in the case of the 2029 Term Loan Facility and the 2031 Notes, a requirement to maintain minimum liquidity of 30.0 million at the end of each fiscal quarter, and restrictions limiting our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, make investments and acquisitions, pay certain dividends, sell assets, merge, incur certain liens, enter into agreements with our affiliates, change our business, engage in sale/leaseback transactions, and modify our organizational documents. These requirements may make it impractical to declare and pay dividends at any time that the requirements are in effect. Stockholders also should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends that have not been declared. See also "Risks Related to our Common Stock" below. 
 
 A failure to satisfy our debt service obligations on the 2029 Term Loan Facility, a breach of a covenant in the 2029 Term Loan Facility, or a material breach of a representation or warranty in the 2029 Term Loan Facility, among other events specified in the 2029 Term Loan Facility, could give rise to a default, which could give our lenders the right to declare our indebtedness, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. A failure to satisfy our debt service or conversion obligations on the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes, among other events specified in the indenture governing the 2026 Senior Notes (the "2026 Senior Notes Indenture"), the indenture governing the 2027 Notes (the "2027 Notes Indenture") or the indenture governing the 2031 Notes (the "2031 Notes Indenture") could also give rise to a default, which could give rise to the right of noteholders to declare the principal of the 2026 Senior Notes, the 2027 Notes and/or the 2031 Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable. A default under the 2029 Term Loan Facility or any of our indentures could also lead to a default under the other agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness (including the 2029 Term Loan Facility or any of our indentures, as the case may be). An acceleration of our indebtedness would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 
 
 Certain actions, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, require the consent of our lenders and note holders which, if not provided, would limit our ability to take advantage of future opportunities. 
 
 Our agreements relating to our indebtedness, including the 2029 Term Loan Facility and the 2031 Notes, contain restrictions and covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions without requisite lender approval, approval of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the notes then outstanding, or modification of the loan agreements, as applicable. These limitations include restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance our existing debt, make certain investments and acquisitions, pay certain dividends, sell assets, merge, incur certain liens, enter into agreements with our affiliates, change our business, engage in sale/leaseback transactions, and modify our organizational documents. There is no assurance that our debtholders will approve or consent to our activities, even if the activities are in the best interests of our stockholders. If we are unable to secure the required consent of our lenders or noteholders, our ability to take advantage of future opportunities, including acquisition or financing opportunities, could be restricted. 
 
 Our inability to raise funds necessary to repurchase, the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes, upon a fundamental change as described in the 2027 Notes Indenture and the 2031 Notes Indenture, may lead to defaults under such indentures and under agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness. In addition, a change of control may constitute a default under the 2029 Term Loan Facility, the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes . 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, as defined in the 2027 Notes Indenture and the 2031 Notes Indenture, we must, if certain other conditions are met, make an offer to repurchase the 2027 Notes and the 2031 Notes at a price equal to 110 of the principal amount thereof, together with any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of the repurchase. If we become obligated to repurchase the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes upon a change of control, we may not have enough available cash or may be unable to obtain financing at the time we are required to make purchases of the notes being surrendered. In addition, our ability to repurchase the notes is limited by the agreements governing our existing indebtedness (including the notes and the 2029 Term Loan Facility) and may also be limited by law or regulation, or by agreements that will govern our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the 2027 Notes Indenture or the 2031 Notes Indenture, respectively, would constitute a default under the respective indenture. A default under the governing indenture or the change of control itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness (including the 2029 Term Loan Facility). 
 
 The 2029 Term Loan Facility provides, and future credit agreements or other agreements relating to indebtedness to which we become a party may provide, that the occurrence of certain change of control events with respect to us would constitute a default thereunder. If we experience a change of control event that triggers a default under our 2029 Term Loan Facility, we may seek a waiver of such default or may attempt to refinance the 2029 Term Loan Facility. In the event we do not obtain such 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 a waiver or refinance the 2029 Term Loan Facility, such default could result in amounts outstanding under our 2029 Term Loan Facility being declared due and payable. 
 
 The 2029 Term Loan Facility and the 2031 Notes contain, and future indebtedness that we may incur may contain, prohibitions on the occurrence of certain events that would constitute a change of control or, in the case of the 2027 Notes and the 2031 Notes, require the repurchase of such indebtedness upon a change of control. Moreover, the exercise by the holders of their right to require us to repurchase their 2027 Notes or 2031 Notes could cause a default under such indebtedness, even if the change of control itself does not, due to the financial effect of such repurchase on us. Finally, the ability to pay cash to the holders of the 2027 Notes and/or the 2031 Notes following the occurrence of a change of control may be limited by our then existing financial resources. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. 
 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 
 Sales or issuances of shares of our Common Stock, including upon conversion of the 2027 Notes and/or the 2031 Notes, could materially adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Sales or issuances of substantial amounts of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales or issuances might occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. The issuance of our Common Stock in connection with property, portfolio or business acquisitions or the settlement of awards that may be granted under our Incentive Plans (as defined below) or otherwise could also have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 In accordance with the Investor Agreement among the Company and the holders of the 2027 Notes (the "2027 Holders") and the Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and holders of the 2031 Notes (together with the 2027 Holders, the "Holders"), in each case establishing certain terms and conditions concerning the rights and restrictions on the respective Holders with respect to the Holders' respective ownership of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes, the Holders have certain registration rights with respect to the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes. In addition, Holders who receive Common Stock upon conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes may be able to sell these shares of Common Stock pursuant to any applicable exemption under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules promulgated thereunder, including Rule 144, if applicable. If significant quantities of the Common Stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they may be sold, the trading price of the Common Stock could go down. 
 
 We presently have no intention to declare or pay a dividend, the terms of our indebtedness restrict our ability to pay dividends, and we may not be able to pay dividends in the future or at all. 
 
 We presently have no intention to declare or pay a dividend, and there can be no assurance that we will pay dividends in the future. 
 
 Our 2029 Term Loan Facility contains terms that restrict our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions. Under the 2029 Term Loan Facility, we can only pay cash dividends up to an agreed-upon amount and provided that the ratio of Total Indebtedness secured on an equal priority basis with the 2029 Term Loan Facility (net of Unrestricted Cash) to Consolidated EBITDA (as such terms are defined in the 2029 Term Loan Facility) does not exceed a specified ratio. The 2031 Notes Indenture contains similar dividend restrictions. The 2031 Notes Indenture also provides that, at any time our Total Gross Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2031 Notes Indenture) exceeds 1.50 to 1.00 and we approve the declaration of a dividend, we must offer to purchase a principal amount of 2031 Notes equal to the proposed amount of the dividend. This repurchase offer requirement may make it impractical to declare and pay dividends at any time that the requirement is in effect. Stockholders also should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends that have not been declared. 
 
 Any determination by our Board of Directors regarding dividends will depend on a variety of factors, including our U.S. GAAP net income, free cash flow generated from operations or other sources, liquidity position and potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, as well as economic conditions and expected future financial results. There can be no guarantee regarding the timing and amount of any dividends. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future financial performance, which, in turn, depends on the successful implementation of our strategy and on financial, competitive, regulatory, technical and other factors, general economic conditions, demand and selling prices for our products, and other factors specific to our industry or specific projects, many of which are beyond our control. Therefore, our ability to generate free cash flow depends on the performance of our operations and could be limited by decreases in our profitability or increases in costs, capital expenditures, or debt servicing requirements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be diluted in the future, including upon conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes, and holders of the 2031 Notes may possess significant voting power following conversion of the 2031 Notes. 
 
 We have issued and may continue to issue equity in order to raise capital or in connection with future acquisitions and strategic investments, which would dilute investors' percentage ownership in the Company. In addition, a stockholder's percentage ownership may be diluted if we issue equity-linked instruments, such as our 2027 Notes and 2031 Notes. Further, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be diluted in the future as a result of any issuances of our shares upon exercise of any outstanding options, or issuances of shares under our equity incentive plans. 
 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, a stockholder's ownership interest in the Company may be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect a stockholder's rights. Debt and equity financings, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as redeeming our shares, making investments, incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, declaring dividends or placing limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights. 
 
 The percentage ownership of our existing stockholders may be diluted in the future as result of the issuance of Common Stock due to conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes. Each 2027 Note and each 2031 Note may be converted into shares of Common Stock at an initial conversion rate of 200 shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to adjustment as provided in the Indenture, the "Conversion Rate"). Based on the number of shares outstanding on October 28, 2024, conversion of all of the 2027 Notes and all of the 2031 Notes into Common Stock (assuming no adjustments to the Conversion Rate) would result in the issuance of an aggregate of 52.4 million shares of the Common Stock representing approximately 26 of the shares outstanding as of October 28, 2024 and conversion of all of the 2027 Notes and 2031 Notes into Common Stock (assuming the maximum increase in the Conversion Rate as a result of certain events, including, subject to exceptions as described in the Indenture, the acquisition of 50 or more of voting power of our securities by a person or group, a stockholder-approved liquidation of us, the delisting of our Common Stock, or certain changes of control, but no other adjustments to the Conversion Rate) would result in the issuance of an aggregate of 166.4 million shares of the Common Stock representing approximately 53 of the shares outstanding as of October 28, 2024. To our knowledge, a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2031 Notes are held by entities controlled, managed or advised by a large financial sponsor. In the event that a holder of a majority or even a significant portion of the 2031 Notes were to convert their notes into Common Stock, such a holder could possess significant voting power with respect to our Common Stock and may have interests that are different from, or adverse to, the interests of our other stockholders. From time to time, investors (including holders of a significant portion of the 2031 Notes) may acquire additional 2031 Notes or shares of Common Stock, and we are unable to predict or monitor such ownership. 
 
 Any sales in the public market of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Common Stock. In addition, the existence of the 2027 Notes and the 2031 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes could be used to satisfy short positions. Further, the anticipated possibility of conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes into shares of our Common Stock could depress the price of our Common Stock. 
 
 An " ownership change " could limit our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could result in our payment of income taxes earlier than if we were able to fully utilize our net operating loss and other tax benefit carryforwards. 
 
 Federal and state tax laws impose restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards and other tax attributes in the event of an "ownership change" as defined by Section 382 of the Code ("Section 382"). Generally, an "ownership change" occurs if the percentage of the value of the stock that is owned by one or more direct or indirect "five percent stockholders" increases by more than 50 over their lowest ownership percentage at any time during an applicable testing period (typically, three years). Under Section 382, if a corporation undergoes an "ownership change," such corporation's ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its income may be limited. While no "ownership change" has resulted in annual limitations, future changes in our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control, may trigger an "ownership change." In addition, future equity offerings or acquisitions that have equity as a component of the consideration could result in an "ownership change." Furthermore, the issuance of Common Stock upon the conversion of the 2027 Notes or the 2031 Notes (to the extent we elect to issue Common Stock upon any such conversions, rather than cash), may trigger an "ownership change." If an "ownership change" occurs in the future, utilization of our NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes may be limited, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to compete may be materially and adversely affected if adequate capital is not available. In addition, future offerings of debt securities, which would rank senior to our Common Stock upon our liquidation, and future offerings of equity securities, which may be senior to our Common Stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions, may be dilutive and materially and adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Our ability to be competitive in the marketplace is dependent on the availability of adequate capital. We may raise additional capital through the issuance of debt or equity securities (including preferred stock) from time to time. There is no guarantee that we will file (or be eligible to file) or have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the SEC, which could impact our ability to engage in future offerings and could impair our ability to raise additional capital quickly in response to changing requirements and market conditions. 
 
 In addition, upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities (including holders of our 2026 Senior Notes, 2027 Notes and 2031 Notes) and preferred stock, if any, and lenders with respect to other borrowings (including the lenders under the 2029 Term Loan Facility) will be entitled to our available assets prior to the holders of our Common Stock. Preferred stock could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Common Stock. 
 
 Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our Common Stock bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our Common Stock and diluting the value of their holdings in our stock. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information regarding shares withheld from our employees to satisfy certain tax obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The shares of common stock withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations may be deemed purchases of such shares required to be disclosed pursuant to this Item 2. We did not repurchase any of our equity securities in the open market during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In thousands, except per share amounts Total number of shares purchased (a) 
 Average price paid per share (a) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program (b) 
 Maximum approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the Stock Repurchase Program (b) 
 Period July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 8 4.86 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 Total 8 4.86 
 (a) Represents shares of Common Stock withheld pursuant to the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan to cover employee tax-withholding obligations upon vesting of restricted stock awards in the third quarter of 2024. Amounts in the average price paid per share column reflect the weighted average price for shares withheld in satisfaction of these tax-withholding obligations. 
 (b) In February 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million of Common Stock (the "Stock Repurchase Program"). Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to one or more plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or by means of one or more tender offers, in each case, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any shares of Common Stock under the Stock Repurchase Program. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining authorized amount under the Stock Repurchase Program was approximately 96.9 million. The Company does not anticipate repurchasing any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Repurchase Program during the fourth quarter of 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 This item is not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 58 

Table of Contents 

None. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description 
 Location 
 10.1 Commitment Letter by and among Gannett Co., Inc. and Apollo Global Funding, LLC, Apollo Global Securities, LLC and Apollo Capital Management, L.P. dated August 25, 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 26, 2024. 
 10.2 Form of Gannett Co., Inc. Employee Cash Performance Unit Award Agreement Filed herewith. 
 10.3 Form of Gannett Co., Inc. Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Filed herewith. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Filed herewith. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. Furnished herewith. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. Furnished herewith. 
 101 The following financial information from Gannett Co., Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity; and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Attached. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Attached. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 GANNETT CO., INC. /s/ Douglas E. Horne Douglas E. Horne Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and as principal financial officer) 
 
 61 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 gci-20240930xex10x2.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 EMPLOYEE CASH PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYEE CASH PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of Grant Date , by and between Gannett Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Grantee Name (the Grantee ). 
 In consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Grant of Award . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee a cash performance unit award (the Award with a target amount of Award Amount (the Target Amount ). 
 2. Grant Date . The grant date of the Award hereby granted is Grant Date (the Grant Date ). 
 3. Performance Criteria . The performance criteria and metrics for the Award shall be based on the Company s achievement of Total Adjusted EBITDA and Total Digital Revenue, with equal weighting of each metric, with three one calendar-year cycles against goals to be approved by the Compensation Committee (the Committee ), with objectives established at the beginning of each one calendar-year cycle (each, a Cycle ), and with one-third of the Target Amount subject to each Cycle. Unless the Committee determines otherwise for a Cycle, the performance criteria and metrics shall provide for payment of 100 of target for achieving target goals, 50 of target for achieving threshold goals, 120 of target for achieving maximum (or greater) goals, and no payout for achievement below threshold goals. The amount of the Award that is eligible to vest in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement shall be determined by calculating the Total Adjusted EBITDA and Total Digital Revenue for each Cycle and comparing it to the Total Adjusted EBITDA and Total Digital Revenue performance criteria and metrics established by the Committee for such Cycle (the Amount Eligible to Vest ). If the Total Adjusted EBITDA or Total Digital Revenue is between two points of the applicable performance criteria and metrics, then the Amount Eligible to Vest shall be determined by linear interpolation. 
 4. Vesting . 
 (a) If the Grantee remains in continuous service as an employee of the Company or its affiliates through the third anniversary of the Grant Date (the Vesting Date ), then the Grantee will be paid the Amount Eligible to Vest in accordance with Section 5 of this Agreement based on the achievement of the Total Adjusted EBITDA and Total Digital Revenue performance criteria and metrics for the Cycles. 
 (b) If the Grantee s employment with the Company or its affiliates is terminated prior to the Vesting Date either by the Company or an affiliate without Cause (except for a termination without Cause pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Agreement), or as a result of the Grantee s death or Disability, then the Grantee will immediately vest in an amount equal to the sum of the following 

i. for any Cycle that was completed prior to the date of termination, the Amount Eligible to Vest for such Cycle determined in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement based on actual performance for such Cycle 
 ii. for the Cycle that includes the date of termination, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Amount Eligible to Vest for such Cycle determined in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement based on target performance, regardless of actual performance for such Cycle, and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed between the first day of such Cycle and the date of termination, inclusive of the first day of the Cycle, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such Cycle and 
 iii. for any Cycle which commences after the date of termination, no amount shall be included. 
 (c) In the event of a Change in Control (1) if the Grantee s employment with the Company or its affiliates is terminated by the Company or an affiliate without Cause prior to the Vesting Date within two years following a Change in Control, or (2) if the acquirer or surviving entity (or parent of such acquirer or surviving entity) in connection with a Change in Control does not agree to the assumption or substitution of the Award in accordance with the terms of the Company s 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect as of the Grant Date, then the Grantee will immediately vest in an amount equal to the sum of the following 
 iv. for any Cycle that was completed prior to the date of termination, the Amount Eligible to Vest for such Cycle determined in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement based on actual performance for such Cycle and 
 v. for any Cycle which includes the date of termination or commences after the date of termination, the Target Amount for such Cycle, regardless of actual performance for such Cycle, without proration. 
 (d) If the Grantee s employment with the Company or its affiliates is terminated prior to the Vesting Date either by the Company or an affiliate for Cause, then the Award, whether vested or unvested, will immediately be forfeited without the payment of any consideration. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, (i) Disability shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect on the Grant Date (ii) Cause shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s Key Employee Severance Plan, as in effect on the Grant Date and (iii) Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect of the Grant Date. 
 5. Payment . Subject to Section 12 of this Agreement, payment of the amount of the Award that vests shall be made as soon as practicable after the applicable date of vesting, but in no event later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year that includes the applicable date of vesting. 
 2 

6. Forfeiture . Subject to Section 4 of this Agreement, any portion of the Award which has not vested by the date the Grantee s service as an employee of the Company or its affiliates ends for any reason shall immediately be forfeited on such date. 
 7. Delays or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party hereto upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of any similar breach or default thereafter occurring nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
 8. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 9. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 10. Grantee Acknowledgment . The Grantee hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Company in respect of this Agreement and the Award shall be final and conclusive. 
 11. Non-Transferability . The Award may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated (a Transfer ), other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. If any prohibited Transfer, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Award is attempted to be made, or if any attachment, execution, garnishment, or lien shall be attempted to be issued against or placed upon the Award, the Grantee s right to the Award shall be immediately forfeited to the Company, and this Agreement shall be null and void. 
 12. Tax Withholding . T he Company or its affiliates may deduct and withhold from the Award such federal, state, local foreign or other taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 13. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws of such state. 
 14. Notices . All notices or other communications provided hereunder must be in writing and mailed or delivered either (a) to the Company at its principal place of business or (b) to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company, or such other address as the Company or the 
 3 

Grantee may provide to the other for purposes of providing notice. Any such notice shall be deemed effective (i) upon delivery if delivered in person (ii) on the next business day if transmitted by national overnight courier and (iii) on the fourth business day following mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. 
 15. Agreement Not a Contract for Services . Neither the granting of the Award nor this Agreement shall constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Grantee has a right to continue to provide services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any of its affiliates for any period of time or at any specific rate of compensation. 
 16. Representations . The Grantee has reviewed with the Grantee s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Grantee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. 
 17. Amendments Construction . The Committee may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment shall impair the rights of the Grantee hereunder without the Grantee s consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are intended for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof. 
 18. Section 409A . The Award is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ), under the short-term deferral exemption described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations, and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered consistent with such intention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the Award is exempt from or complies with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Grantee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 19. Clawback Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any portion of the Award paid hereunder shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of the Company s Detrimental Conduct Recoupment Policy, the Company s Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, as well as any other recoupment or similar policy, if any, that the Company may adopt from time to time (collectively, the Policies ). The Grantee agrees and consents to the Company s application, implementation and enforcement of (a) the Policies that may apply to the Grantee and (b) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation, and expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Policies or applicable law without further consent or action being required by the Grantee. To the extent that the terms of this Agreement and any Policy conflict, then the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 
 Signature page follows 
 4 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer and the Grantee has hereunto signed this Agreement on the Grantee s own behalf, thereby representing that the Grantee has carefully read and understands this Agreement as of the day and year first written above. 
 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 
 _____________________________ 
 By 
 Title 
 
 Acknowledged and Accepted 

_____________________________ 
 Grantee Name 

6 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 gci-20240930xex10x3.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of Grant Date , by and between Gannett Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Grantee Name (the Grantee ). 
 WHEREAS , the Company has adopted the Gannett Co., Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and 
 WHEREAS , Section 9 of the Plan allows for the grant of Restricted Stock Units, as determined by the Committee, to employees of the Company and its Affiliates. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee an award (the Award of Number of Shares Granted Restricted Stock Units (collectively, the RSUs ). Each RSU represents the right to receive one (1) share of Common Stock, subject to vesting as provided herein. 
 2. Grant Date . The grant date of the RSUs hereby granted is Grant Date (the Grant Date ). 
 3. Incorporation of the Plan . All terms, conditions and restrictions of the Plan are incorporated herein and made a part hereof as if stated herein. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan, as interpreted by the Board or the Committee, shall govern. Unless otherwise indicated herein, all capitalized terms that are used, but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Plan. 
 4. Vesting . The RSUs shall vest as follows one-third on the first anniversary of the Grant Date one-third on the second anniversary of the Grant Date and the remaining one-third on the third anniversary of the Grant Date provided that, with respect to each vesting date, the Grantee remains in continuous service as an employee of the Company or its Affiliates through the applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Grantee s service as an employee of the Company or its Affiliates ends on account of the Grantee s death or Disability at any time, all unvested RSUs not previously forfeited shall immediately vest on the date such service ends. 
 5. Settlement . Subject to Sections 12 and 14 of this Agreement, any shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of the RSUs that have vested in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be delivered to the Grantee as soon as practicable following the applicable date of vesting, but in no event later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year that includes the applicable date of vesting. 

6. Forfeiture . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Section 4 of this Agreement, RSUs which have not vested by the date the Grantee s service as an employee of the Company or its Affiliates ends for any reason shall immediately be forfeited on such date. 
 7. Delays or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party hereto upon any breach or default of any party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such party nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of any similar breach or default thereafter occurring nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. 
 8. Integration . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter. There are no restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and in the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 9. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 10. Grantee Acknowledgment . The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. The Grantee hereby acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Board, or a Committee thereof, in respect of the Plan, this Agreement and the RSUs shall be final and conclusive. 
 11. Non-Transferability . The RSUs awarded pursuant to this Agreement may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated Transfer ), other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, except as provided in the Plan. Any purported Transfer of RSUs or any economic benefit or interest therein in violation of this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio , and shall not create any obligation or liability of the Company. If any prohibited Transfer, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the RSUs is attempted to be made, or if any attachment, execution, garnishment, or lien shall be attempted to be issued against or placed upon the RSUs, the Grantee s right to such RSUs shall be immediately forfeited to the Company, and this Agreement shall be null and void. 
 12. Taxes . The Grantee may be required, as a condition to the delivery of any shares of Common Stock relating to the RSUs, to pay to the Company, in cash, the amount of any applicable withholding taxes in respect thereof. The Company shall be entitled to take such other action as the Company deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes, including, solely in the Committee s discretion, the withholding of shares of Common Stock with a maximum aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such amount of taxes required to be withheld, determined based on the greatest statutory withholding rates for federal, state, foreign and or local tax purposes, including payroll taxes, 
 2 

that may be utilized without creating adverse accounting treatment with respect to the RSUs granted hereunder, as determined by the Company. 
 13. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws of such state. 
 14. Securities Laws Requirements . The Company shall not be obligated to issue shares of Common Stock to the Grantee, if such transfer, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act (or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time). 
 15. Notices . All notices or other communications provided hereunder must be in writing and mailed or delivered either (a) to the Company at its principal place of business or (b) to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company, or such other address as the Company or the Grantee may provide to the other for purposes of providing notice. Any such notice shall be deemed effective (i) upon delivery if delivered in person (ii) on the next business day if transmitted by national overnight courier and (iii) on the fourth business day following mailing by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. 
 16. Agreement Not a Contract for Services . Neither the Plan, the granting of the RSUs, this Agreement nor any other action taken pursuant to the Plan shall constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Grantee has a right to continue to provide services as an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor of the Company or any of its Affiliates for any period of time or at any specific rate of compensation. 
 17. Representations . The Grantee has reviewed with the Grantee s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Grantee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. 
 18. Amendments Construction . The Committee may amend the terms of this Agreement prospectively or retroactively at any time, but no such amendment shall impair the rights of the Grantee hereunder without the Grantee s consent. Headings to Sections of this Agreement are intended for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall have no effect on the interpretation hereof. 
 19. Adjustments . Pursuant to Section 11.1 of the Plan, in the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company by reason of any corporate transaction or change in corporate capitalization such as a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, split-up, split-off, spin-off, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, rights offering, reorganization, combination, consolidation, subdivision or exchange of shares, a sale by the Company of all or part of its assets, any distribution to stockholders other than a normal cash dividend, partial or complete liquidation of the Company or other extraordinary or unusual event, the Committee shall make such adjustments to the class and number of shares subject to the Award (provided that the number of shares of any class subject to the Award shall always be a whole number), as may be determined to be appropriate by the Committee and such adjustments shall be final, conclusive and binding for all purposes. 
 3 

20. No Stockholder Rights . The Grantee shall have no rights of a stockholder (including voting rights or the right to distributions or dividends) until shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Grantee following vesting of the RSUs. 
 21. Section 409A . The Award is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ), under the short-term deferral exemption described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations, and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered consistent with such intention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the Award is exempt from or complies with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Grantee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 22. Discretionary Plan Employment . The Plan is discretionary in nature and may be varied, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time and for any reason. With respect to the Plan, (a) each grant of an Award is a one-time benefit which does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Awards, or benefits in lieu of Awards (b) all determinations with respect to any such future grants, including, but not limited to, the times when the Awards shall be granted, the number of shares subject to Awards, the payment dates and the vesting dates, will be at the sole discretion of the Company (c) the Grantee s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment and shall not interfere with the ability of the employer to terminate the Grantee s employment relationship at any time with or without cause (d) notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, the Grantee s participation in the Plan shall not create an employment relationship between the Grantee and the Company, and the Plan and this Agreement do not constitute all or any part of any employment agreement (e) participation in the Plan is voluntary (f) the Award is not part of normal and expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payment, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or similar payments (g) the Grantee waives any and all rights to compensation or damages in consequence of the termination of the Grantee s employment or office holding for any reason whatsoever (whether or not such termination is wrongful or unfair) insofar as those rights arise or may arise from the Grantee ceasing to have rights under this Agreement as a result of such termination and (h) the future value of the Award is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 23. Clawback Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any shares of Common Stock issued hereunder, and or any amount received with respect to any sale of any such shares of Common Stock, shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or other action in accordance with the terms of the Company s Detrimental Conduct Recoupment Policy, the Company s Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, as well as any other recoupment or similar policy, if any, that the Company may adopt from time to time (collectively, the Policies ). The Grantee agrees and consents to the Company s application, implementation and enforcement of (a) the Policies that may apply to the Grantee and (b) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback or recoupment of compensation, and expressly agrees that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Policies or applicable law without further 
 4 

consent or action being required by the Grantee. To the extent that the terms of this Agreement and any Policy conflict, then the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer and the Grantee has hereunto signed this Agreement on the Grantee s own behalf, thereby representing that the Grantee has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above. 
 GANNETT CO., INC. 
 
 _____________________________ 
 By 
 Title 
 
 Acknowledged and Accepted 

_____________________________ 
 Grantee Name 
 6 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 gci-20240930xex31x1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31-1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Michael E. Reed, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Gannett Co., Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Michael E. Reed Michael E. Reed President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 gci-20240930xex31x2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31-2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Douglas E. Horne, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Gannett Co., Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Douglas E. Horne Douglas E. Horne 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 gci-20240930xex32x1.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32-1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Gannett Co., Inc. Gannett on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael E. Reed, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gannett, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Gannett. 
 s Michael E. Reed 
 Michael E. Reed 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 gci-20240930xex32x2.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32-2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Gannett Co., Inc. Gannett on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Douglas E. Horne, Chief Financial Officer of Gannett, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Gannett. 
 s Douglas E. Horne 
 Douglas E. Horne 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gci-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 gci-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gci-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gci-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gci-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

