<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1178970_0001628280-24-046304.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20121382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169631</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2169458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9615783</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3657514</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3931091</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046304.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046304
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001178970
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				421547151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31566
		FILM NUMBER:		241436168

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		830 BERGEN AVENUE
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2013331000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046304.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 pfs-20240930.htm
 10-Q

pfs-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (City) (State) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). NO 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 As of November 1, 2024 there were 137,565,966 shares issued and shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, including 36,957 shares held by the First Savings Bank Directors Deferred Fee Plan not otherwise considered outstanding under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 1 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
 Item Number 
 Page Number 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 4 Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 1 Legal Proceedings 
 66 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 66 
 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 
 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 66 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 66 
 5 Other Information 
 66 
 6 Exhibits 
 66 
 Signatures 
 69 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 
 PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Short-term investments Total cash and cash equivalents Available for sale debt securities, at fair value Held to maturity debt securities, (net of allowance as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and allowance as of December 31, 2023) 
 Equity securities, at fair value Federal Home Loan Bank stock Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Less allowance for credit losses Net loans Foreclosed assets, net Banking premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Intangible assets Bank-owned life insurance Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Demand deposits Savings deposits Certificates of deposit of 250,000 or more Other time deposits Total deposits Mortgage escrow deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Treasury stock ) ) Unallocated common stock held by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan ) ) Common stock acquired by deferred compensation plans ) ) Deferred compensation plans Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Thousands, except per share data) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income: Real estate secured loans Commercial loans Consumer loans Available for sale debt securities, equity securities and Federal Home Loan Bank stock Held to maturity debt securities Due from banks, Federal funds sold and other short-term investments Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision charge for credit losses Net interest income after provision charge for credit losses Non-interest income: Fees Wealth management income Insurance agency income Bank-owned life insurance Net gain (loss) on securities transactions ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Compensation and employee benefits Net occupancy expense Data processing expense FDIC insurance Amortization of intangibles Advertising and promotion expense Merger-related expenses Other operating expenses Total non-interest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Weighted average basic shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Unrealized gains and losses on available for sale debt securities: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income Total ) ) Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives: Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) included in net income ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) Amortization related to post-retirement obligations ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 COMMON STOCK ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL RETAINED EARNINGS ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS TREASURY STOCK UNALLOCATED ESOP SHARES COMMON STOCK ACQUIRED BY DEFERRED COMP PLANS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Cash dividends paid ) ) Distributions from deferred comp plans ) Purchases of treasury stock Purchase of employee restricted shares to fund statutory tax withholding ) ) Stock option exercises Allocation of ESOP shares Allocation of SAP shares Shares issued due to acquisition Allocation of stock options Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 COMMONSTOCK ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL RETAINED EARNINGS ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS TREASURY STOCK UNALLOCATED ESOP SHARES COMMON STOCK ACQUIRED BY DEFERRED COMP PLANS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Cash dividends paid ) ) Distributions from deferred comp plans ) Purchase of employee restricted shares to fund statutory tax withholding ) ) Stock option exercises Allocation of ESOP shares ) Allocation of SAP shares Shares issued due to acquisition Allocation of stock options Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

6 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) For the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 COMMON STOCK ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL RETAINED EARNINGS ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME TREASURYSTOCK UNALLOCATED ESOP SHARES COMMON STOCK ACQUIRED BY DEFERRED COMP PLANS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Distributions from deferred comp plans ) Purchases of treasury stock Purchase of employee restricted shares to fund statutory tax withholding Stock option exercises Allocation of ESOP shares ) Allocation of Stock Award Plan ("SAP") shares Allocation of stock options Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 COMMONSTOCK ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL RETAINEDEARNINGS ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) TREASURYSTOCK UNALLOCATED ESOP SHARES COMMON STOCK ACQUIRED BY DEFERRED COMP PLANS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLANS TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Effect of adopting Cumulative effect of adopting Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2022-02, net of tax 
 Distributions from deferred comp plans ) Purchases of treasury stock Purchase of employee restricted shares to fund statutory tax withholding ) ) Stock option exercises ) Allocation of ESOP shares Allocation of SAP shares Allocation of stock options Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of intangibles Provision charge for credit losses Deferred tax benefit ) ) Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Income on Bank-owned life insurance ) ) Net amortization of premiums and discounts on securities Accretion of net deferred loan fees ) ) Amortization of premiums on purchased loans, net Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans originated for sale ESOP expense Allocation of stock award expense Allocation of stock option expense Net gain on sale of loans ) ) Net loss (gain) on securities transactions ) Net gain on sale of premises and equipment ) Net gain on sale of foreclosed assets ) ) Increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net increase in loans ) ) Purchases of loans ) Proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of held to maturity debt securities Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) ) Proceeds from sales of available for sale debt securities Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of available for sale debt securities Purchases of available for sale debt securities ) ) Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Cash received, net of cash consideration paid for acquisition BOLI claim benefits received Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net decrease in deposits ) ) 
 8 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase in mortgage escrow deposits Cash dividends paid to stockholders ) ) Purchase of employee restricted shares to fund statutory tax withholding ) ) Stock options exercised Proceeds from subordinated debentures Proceeds from long-term borrowings Payments on long-term borrowings ) Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Net cash (use in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Cash paid during the period for: Interest on deposits and borrowings Income taxes Non-cash investing activities: Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets Initial recognition of operating lease liabilities Transfer of loans receivable to foreclosed assets Acquisitions: Non-cash assets acquired at fair value: Investment securities Loans held for sale Bank-owned life insurance Goodwill and other intangible assets Bank premises and equipment Other assets Total non-cash assets acquired at fair value Liabilities assumed Deposits Borrowings Subordinated debentures Other Liabilities Total liabilities assumed Common stock issued for acquisitions 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 

These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the December 31, 2023 Annual Report to Stockholders on Form 10-K. 
 B. Earnings Per Share 
 Basic earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders Dilutive shares Diluted earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders 
 10 

Basic earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders Dilutive shares Diluted earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders 
 Anti-dilutive stock options and awards as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaling million shares and million shares, respectively, were excluded from the earnings per share calculations. 
 C. 
 million was recorded as part of the Lakeland merger in accordance with GAAP requirements for accounting for business combinations. See Notes 4 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the allowance for credit losses on loans and off-balance sheet credit exposures. 
 D. 

Note 2. 
 billion to total assets, billion to total loans, billion to total deposits and full-service banking offices in New Jersey and New York. The Company closed of the acquired Lakeland banking offices and legacy Bank branches in the third quarter of 2024 due to geographic overlap. 
 Under the merger agreement, each share of Lakeland common stock was converted into the right to receive shares of the Company's common stock, a total of shares converted, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. The total consideration paid for the acquisition of Lakeland was million. In connection with the acquisition, Lakeland Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lakeland, was merged with and into the Bank. 
 The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method of accounting, the purchase price has been allocated to the respective assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values, net of tax. The excess of consideration paid over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired totaled million and was recorded as goodwill. 
 11 

Available for sale debt securities Federal Home Loan Bank stock Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans ) Loans, net Bank-owned life insurance Banking premises and equipment Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Other intangibles assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Deposits Mortgage escrow deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The Company is in the process of finalizing its review of the acquired assets and liabilities, as a result of which certain adjustments to the recorded carrying values and goodwill may be required. There have been no adjustments to the recorded carrying values or goodwill made to-date. 
 Fair Value Measurement of Assets Assumed and Liabilities Assumed 
 The methods used to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Lakeland acquisition were as follows: 
 Securities Available for Sale 
 The estimated fair values of the available for sale debt securities, primarily comprised of U.S. government agency mortgage-backed securities and U.S. government agency and municipal bonds carried on Lakeland's balance sheet was confirmed using open market pricing provided by multiple independent securities brokers. Management reviewed the open market quotes used in pricing the securities and a fair value adjustment was not recorded on the investments. A fair value discount of million was recorded on the investments. 
 Loans 
 Loans acquired from Lakeland were recorded at fair value, and there was no carryover related allowance for loan and lease losses. The fair values of loans acquired from Lakeland were estimated using the discounted cash flow method based on the remaining maturity and repricing terms. Cash flows were adjusted for expected losses and prepayments. Projected cash flows were then discounted to present value based on: the relative risk of the cash flows, taking into account the loan type, liquidity risk, the maturity of the loans, servicing costs, and a required return on capital; and monthly principal and interest cash flows 
 12 

billion. 
 For loans acquired without evidence of more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, the Company recorded interest rate loan fair value and credit fair value adjustments. Loans were grouped into pools based on similar characteristics, such as loan type, fixed or adjustable interest rates, payment type, index rate and caps/floors, and non-accrual status. The loans were valued at the sub-pool level and were pooled at the summary level based on loan type. Market rates for similar loans were obtained from various internal and external data sources and reviewed by management for reasonableness. The average of these market rates was used as the fair value interest rate that a market participant would utilize. A present value approach was utilized to calculate the interest rate fair value discount of million. The Company used historical annual average charge-off percentages for banking institutions identified as peers of the Company and Lakeland combined as a market-participant proxy to develop the life-of-loan loss rates per loan type for the Non-PCD loans. The default and loss rates were then applied to the principal balance to arrive at the projected credit losses for each period, which resulted in a credit fair value discount of million. 
 Loans acquired that have experienced more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are considered purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans. The Company evaluated acquired loans for deterioration in credit quality based on any of, but not limited to, the following: (1) non-accrual status; (2) modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty; (3) risk ratings of watch, special mention, substandard or doubtful; and (4) loans greater than 59 days past due. At the acquisition date, an estimate of expected credit losses was made for groups of PCD loans with similar risk characteristics and individual PCD loans without similar risk characteristics. 
 This estimate of credit losses was calculated using management's best estimate of projected losses over the remaining life of the loans. This represents the portion of the loan balances that has been deemed uncollectible based on the Company s expectations of future cash flows for each respective PCD loan pool, given the outlook and forecasts. The expected lifetime losses were calculated using historical losses observed at the Bank, Lakeland and peer banks. A million allowance for credit losses was recorded on PCD loans. The interest rate fair value adjustment related to PCD loans will be substantially recognized as interest income on a level yield amortization or straight line method over the expected life of the loans. 
 Interest rate fair value adjustment on all loans ) Credit fair value adjustment on non-PCD loans ) Charge-offs on PCD Loans at acquisition ) Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans ) Fair value of acquired loans, net, as of May 16, 2024 
 The table below is a summary of the PCD loans that were acquired from Lakeland as of the closing date (in thousands): 
 Gross amortized cost basis as of May 16, 2024 Charge-offs on PCD Loans at acquisition ) Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable difference) ) Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans ) Net PCD loans 
 Banking Premises and Equipment 
 The Company acquired branches from Lakeland, of which were owned premises. The Company closed of the acquired banking offices in the third quarter of 2024. The fair value of Lakeland s premises was determined based upon independent third-party appraisals performed by licensed appraisers in the market in which the premises are located. 
 Core Deposit Intangible 
 The fair value of the core deposit intangible was measured using a discounted cash flow approach by comparing the all-in cost of less rate sensitive deposits against an alternative funding source. The discounted cash flow approach is used because there is 
 13 

million and is being amortized over its estimated life of approximately years based on dollar weighted deposit runoff on an annualized basis. The core deposit intangible will be evaluated annually for impairment. 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance ("BOLI") 
 Lakeland's BOLI cash surrender value was million with no fair value adjustment required. 
 Time Deposits 
 The fair value adjustment for time deposits represents a discount from the value of the contractual repayments of fixed-maturity deposits using prevailing market interest rates for similar-term time deposits. The time deposit discount of approximately million is being amortized into income on a straight-line method over the contractual life of the deposits. 
 Borrowings 
 The fair value of FHLBNY advances was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using a discount rate derived from FHLBNY rates as of May 16, 2024. The cash flows of the advances were projected based on the scheduled payments of each advance. 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 At the valuation date, Lakeland had outstanding trust preferred issuances and a subordinated debt issuance with an aggregate balance of million, all of which was assumed by the Company on May 16, 2024 . The fair value of trust preferred and subordinated debt issuances was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using a discount rate commensurate with yields and terms of comparable issuances. The cash flows were projected through the remaining contractual term of the trust preferred issuance and based on the call date for the subordinated debt issuance. 
 Merger-Related Expenses 
 Merger-related expenses, which is a separate line in non-interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income, totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Note 3. 
 billion and million in available for sale debt securities and held to maturity debt securities, respectively. The total number of available for sale and held to maturity debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 totaled , compared with as of December 31, 2023. The decrease in the number of securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, was due to lower current market interest rates compared to rates as of December 31, 2023, offset by the addition of Lakeland securities. 
 14 

) Government-agency obligations ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities ) State and municipal obligations ) Corporate obligations ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value U.S. Treasury obligations ) Government-agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities ) State and municipal obligations ) Corporate obligations ) ) 
 Accrued interest on available for sale debt securities, which is excluded from the amortized cost, totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is presented within total accrued interest receivable on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years 
 Investments which pay principal on a periodic basis totaling billion at amortized cost and billion at fair value are excluded from the table above as their expected lives are likely to be shorter than the contractual maturity date due to principal prepayments. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, proceeds from sales on securities in the available for sale debt securities portfolio totaled million, with gains and million of losses recognized. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were sales of securities from the available for sale debt securities portfolio. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, proceeds from calls on securities in the available for sale debt securities portfolio totaled with gains and losses recognized. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were proceeds from calls on securities in the available for sale debt securities portfolio. 
 15 

, compared with as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the number of securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, was primarily due to the addition of Lakeland, offset by lower current market interest rates as of December 31, 2023. All securities in an unrealized loss position were investment grade as of September 30, 2024. 
 Held to Maturity Debt Securities 
 and , as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Government-agency obligations ) State and municipal obligations ) Corporate obligations ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations ) State and municipal obligations ) Corporate obligations ) ) 
 Accrued interest on held to maturity debt securities, which is excluded from the amortized cost, totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is presented within total accrued interest receivable on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 The Company generally purchases securities for long-term investment purposes, and differences between amortized cost and fair value may fluctuate during the investment period. There were sales of securities from the held to maturity debt securities portfolio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, proceeds from calls on securities in the held to maturity debt securities portfolio totaled million and million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were gross gains or gross losses, while for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were gross gains, while gross losses totaled related to these calls on securities. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, proceeds from calls on securities in the held to maturity debt securities portfolio totaled million and million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, gross gains totaled with gross losses of , while for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, gross gains totaled , with gross losses of , related to calls on these securities. 
 , as of September 30, 2024 are shown below (in thousands). Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities due to prepayment or early call privileges of the issuer. 
 September 30, 2024 Amortized cost Fair value Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years 
 16 

, compared with as of December 31, 2023. The decrease in the number of securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, was due to lower current market interest rates as of December 31, 2023. 
 Management measures expected credit losses on held to maturity debt securities on a collective basis by security type. Management classifies the held to maturity debt securities portfolio into the following security types: 
 Government-agency obligations; 
 Mortgage-backed securities; 
 State and municipal obligations; and 
 Corporate obligations. 
 
 All of the agency obligations held by the Company are issued by U.S. government entities and agencies. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies and have a long history of no credit losses. The majority of the state and municipal and corporate obligations carry credit ratings from the rating agencies as of September 30, 2024 that were no lower than an A rating and the Company had no securities rated BBB or worse by Moody s Ratings ("Moody's"). 
 Credit Quality Indicators. 
 State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations December 31, 2023 Total Portfolio AAA AA A BBB Not Rated Total Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations 
 Credit quality indicators are metrics that provide information regarding the relative credit risk of debt securities. As of September 30, 2024, the held to maturity debt securities portfolio was comprised of rated AAA, rated AA, rated A, and less than either below an A rating or not rated by Moody s or Standard and Poor s. Securities not explicitly rated, such as U.S. government issued mortgage-backed securities, were grouped where possible under the credit rating of the issuer of the security. 
 17 

Note 4. 
 Multi-family Construction Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans Total gross loans Premiums on purchased loans Net deferred fees ) ) Total loans 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had loans held for sale of million and million, respectively. 
 Accrued interest on loans totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is presented within total accrued interest receivable on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 Multi-family Construction Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans Total gross loans December 31, 2023 30-59 Days 60-89 Days Non-accrual Recorded Investment > 90 days accruing Total Past Due Current Total Loans Receivable Non-accrual loans with no related allowance Mortgage loans: Commercial Multi-family Construction Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans Total gross loans 
 Included in loans held for investment are loans for which the accrual of interest income has been discontinued due to deterioration in the financial condition of the borrowers. The principal amounts of these non-accrual loans were million 
 18 

million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Included in non-accrual loans were million and million of loans which were less than 90 days past due as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were loans 90 days or greater past due and still accruing interest as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The amount of cash basis interest income that was recognized on impaired loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was not material. 
 Provision charge (benefit) to operations ) Recoveries of loans previously charged-off Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 2023 Balance at beginning of period Provision charge (benefit) to operations ) Recoveries of loans previously charged-off Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Nine months ended September 30, Mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans Total 2024 Balance at beginning of period Initial allowance on credit loans related to PCD loans Provision charge to operations Recoveries of loans previously charged-off Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 2023 Balance at beginning of period Cumulative effect of adopting Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2022-02 ) ) ) ) Provision charge (benefit) charge to operations ) Recoveries of loans previously charged-off Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a million and a million provision for credit losses on loans, respectively. The increases in provision for both periods was primarily attributable to an initial CECL provision for credit losses on loans of million recorded as part of the Lakeland merger in accordance with GAAP requirements for accounting for business combinations. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net charge-offs totaled million, which was primarily attributable to one commercial loan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net charge-offs totaled million, which was primarily attributable to two commercial loans. 
 
 19 

Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans (1) 
 Total gross loans 
 (1) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, charge-offs on consumer overdraft accounts totaled , which are not included in the table above. 
 The following table summarizes the Company's gross charge-offs recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by year of origination (in thousands): 
 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior to 2020 Total Loans Mortgage loans: Commercial Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans (1) 
 Total gross loans 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, charge-offs on consumer overdraft accounts totaled , which are not included in the table above. 
 The following table summarizes the Company's gross charge-offs recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2023 by year of origination (in thousands): 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior to 2019 Total Loans Mortgage loans: Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans (1) 
 Total gross loans 
 (1) During the three months ended September 30, 2023, charge-offs on consumer overdraft accounts totaled , which is not included in the table above. 

20 

Residential Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Consumer loans (1) 
 Total gross loans 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, charge-offs on consumer overdraft accounts totaled , which is not included in the table above. 
 The Company defines a loan individually evaluated for impairment as a non-homogeneous loan greater than million, for which, based on current information, it is not expected to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. As of September 30, 2024, there were loans totaling million, compared to loans totaling million as of December 31, 2023, that were individually evaluated for impairment. 
 A financial asset is considered collateral-dependent when the debtor is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale or operation of the collateral. For all classes of loans deemed collateral-dependent, the Company estimates expected credit losses based on the collateral s fair value less any selling costs. A specific allocation of the allowance for credit losses is established for each collateral-dependent loan with a carrying balance greater than the collateral s fair value, less estimated selling costs. In most cases, the Company records a partial charge-off to reduce the loan s carrying value to the collateral s fair value less estimated selling costs. The Company uses third-party appraisals to determine the fair value of the underlying collateral in its analysis of collateral-dependent loans. A third-party appraisal is generally ordered as soon as a loan is designated as a collateral-dependent loan and updated annually, or more frequently if required. At each fiscal quarter end, if a loan is designated as collateral-dependent and the third-party appraisal has not yet been received, an evaluation of all available collateral is made using the best information available at the time, including rent rolls, borrower financial statements and tax returns, prior appraisals, management s knowledge of the market and collateral, and internally prepared collateral valuations based upon market assumptions regarding vacancy and capitalization rates, each as and where applicable. Once the appraisal is received and reviewed, the specific reserves are adjusted to reflect the appraised value and evaluated for charge offs. The Company believes there have not been any significant time lapses since the receipt of the most recent appraisals. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had collateral-dependent loans with fair values of million and million secured by commercial real estate, respectively. 
 Loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty may include interest rate reductions, principal or interest forgiveness, forbearance, term extensions, and other actions intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. In addition, management attempts to obtain additional collateral or guarantor support when modifying such loans. If the borrower has demonstrated performance under the previous terms and our underwriting process shows the borrower has the capacity to continue to perform under the restructured terms, the loan will continue to accrue interest. Non-accruing restructured loans may be returned to accrual status when there has been a sustained period of repayment performance (generally six consecutive months of payments) and both principal and interest are deemed collectible. 

21 

In 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022-02 ), which eliminated the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancing and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. This guidance was applied on a modified retrospective basis. Upon adoption of this guidance, the Company no longer establishes a specific reserve for loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Instead, these loan modifications are included in their respective pool and a projected loss rate is applied to the current loan balance to arrive at the quantitative and qualitative baseline portion of the allowance for credit losses. At adoption, the Company recorded a reduction to the allowance for credit losses, which resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment increase, net of tax, to retained earnings. 
 Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 22 

Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 The following tables present the amortized cost basis of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension of Total Class of Loans Mortgage loans: Multi-family Total mortgage loans Total gross loans 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension of Total Class of Loans Mortgage loans: Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 

The following table presents the financial effect of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Weighted-Average Months of Term Extension Weighted-Average Rate Increase Mortgage loans: Commercial Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 23 

Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 The following table presents the financial effect of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Weighted-Average Months of Term Extension Weighted-Average Rate Change Mortgage loans: Multi-family Total mortgage loans Total gross loans 
 The following table presents the financial effect of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Weighted-Average Months of Term Extension Weighted-Average Rate Change Mortgage loans: Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 There were no loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that subsequently defaulted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Multi-family Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 
 24 

Total mortgage loans Commercial loans Total gross loans 
 Loans acquired by the Company that experienced more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality after origination, are classified as PCD loans. As of September 30, 2024, the balance of PCD loans totaled million with a related allowance for credit losses of million. The balance of PCD loans as of December 31, 2023 was million with a related allowance for credit losses of million. 
 In connection with the Lakeland merger, the Company evaluated acquired loans for deterioration in credit quality based on any of, but not limited to, the following: (1) non-accrual status; (2) modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty; (3) risk ratings of watch, special mention, substandard or doubtful; and (4) loans greater than 59 days past due. At the acquisition date, an estimate of expected credit losses is made for groups of PCD loans with similar risk characteristics and individual PCD loans without similar risk characteristics. 
 Additionally for PCD loans, an allowance for credit losses was calculated using management's best estimate of projected losses over the remaining life of the loans. This represents the portion of the loan balances that has been deemed uncollectible based on the Company s expectations of future cash flows for each respective PCD loan pool, given the outlook and forecasts inclusive of related fiscal and regulatory interventions. The expected lifetime losses were calculated using historical losses observed at the Bank, Lakeland and peer banks. A million allowance for credit losses was recorded on PCD loans acquired from Lakeland. The interest rate fair value adjustment related to PCD loans will be substantially recognized as interest income on a level yield or straight line method over the expected life of the loans. 
 Charge-offs on PCD Loans at acquisition ) Interest component of expected cash flows (accretable difference) ) Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans ) Net PCD loans 
 Management utilizes an internal nine-point risk rating system to summarize its loan portfolio into categories with similar risk characteristics. Loans deemed to be acceptable quality are rated 1 through 4, with a rating of 1 established for loans with minimal risk. Loans that are deemed to be of questionable quality are rated 5 (watch) or 6 (special mention). Loans with adverse classifications (substandard, doubtful or loss) are rated 7, 8 or 9, respectively. Commercial mortgage, commercial, multi-family and construction loans are rated individually, and each lending officer is responsible for risk rating loans in their portfolio. These risk ratings are then reviewed by the department manager and/or the Chief Lending Officer and by the Credit Department. The risk ratings are also reviewed periodically through loan review examinations which are currently performed by independent third-parties. Reports by the independent third-parties are presented to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 25 

Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Commercial Mortgage Multi-family Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Multi-Family Construction Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Construction Residential (1) 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Residential 
 26 

Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Mortgage Commercial Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Commercial Consumer (1) 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Consumer Total Loans Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Gross Loans 
 (1) For residential and consumer loans, the Company assigns internal credit grades based on the delinquency status of each loan. 
 
 Gross Loans Held for Investment by Year of Origination 
 as of December 31, 2023 
 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior to 2019 Revolving Loans Revolving loans to term loans Total Loans Commercial Mortgage 
 27 

Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Commercial Mortgage Multi-family Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Multi-Family Construction Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Construction Residential (1) 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Residential Total Mortgage Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss 
 28 

Pass/Watch Total Mortgage Commercial Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Commercial Consumer (1) 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Consumer Total Loans Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total criticized and classified Pass/Watch Total Gross Loans 
 (1) For residential and consumer loans, the Company assigns internal credit grades based on the delinquency status of each loan. 
 29 

Note 5. 
 Money market NOW (1) 
 Non-interest bearing Certificates of deposit (2) 
 Total deposits 
 (1) The Bank's insured cash sweep product totaled billion and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are reported within NOW accounts. 
 (2) Time deposits equal to or in excess of 250,000, were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Bank's reciprocal Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service product totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 6. 
 FHLBNY line of credit FHLBNY advances (1) 
 FRBNY BTFP Borrowing Total borrowed funds 
 (1) The balance at September 30, 2024 for FHLBNY advances does not include million of purchase accounting adjustments resulting from the Lakeland acquisition. 
 Total long-term borrowings totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, while total short-term borrowings totaled billion and billion for the same periods. 
 As of September 30, 2024, FHLBNY advances were at fixed rates and mature between October 2024 and September 2027, and as of December 31, 2023, FHLBNY advances were at fixed rates with maturities between January 2024 and September 2027. These advances are secured by loans receivable under a blanket collateral agreement. 
 In March 2023, the Company established a facility under the Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP" or "Program") with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY"). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of advances under the Program. The Company elected to participate in the BTFP due to significant cost savings compared to other wholesale funding sources. The funding was used to pay off existing wholesale borrowings. The ability to prepay at any time without penalty also enhances our ability to manage our interest rate risk position. 
 30 

Due after one year through two years Due after two years through three years Due after three years through four years Thereafter Total FHLBNY advances, FRBNY BTFP borrowings and overnight borrowings 
 Thereafter Total securities sold under repurchase agreements 
 FHLBNY overnight borrowings FHLBNY advances FRBNY BTFP Borrowing December 31, 2023 Securities sold under repurchase agreements FHLBNY overnight borrowings FHLBNY advances FRBNY BTFP Borrowing 
 Securities sold under repurchase agreements include arrangements with deposit customers of the Bank to sweep funds into short-term borrowings. The Bank uses available for sale debt securities to pledge as collateral for the repurchase agreements. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of securities pledged to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements, lines of credit and FHLBNY advances, totaled billion and million, respectively. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the par value of securities pledged to secure BTFP borrowings was million and million. 
 million and million, respectively. Amortization related to purchase accounting on FHLBNY advances totaled and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Interest expense on borrowings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 amounted to million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 7. 
 million of Fixed-to-Floating Rate subordinated notes (the "Notes") due 2034, resulting in net proceeds of million. The notes bear interest at an initial rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2024. The last interest payment date for the fixed rate period will be May 15, 2029. From and including May 15, 2029 to, but excluding May 15, 2034 or the date of earlier redemption, the Notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the Benchmark rate (which is expected to be three-Month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR")), each as defined in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15, and November 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2029. The debt is included in Tier 2 capital for the Company. Debt issuance costs totaled million and are being amortized to maturity. Amortization expense on these costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 amounted to and , respectively. 
 31 

million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due September 15, 2031. The notes bear interest at a rate of until September 15, 2026, and will then reset quarterly to the then current Benchmark rate, which is expected to be the three-month term SOFR plus a spread of basis points. 
 1st Constitution Capital Trust II, a non-consolidated subsidiary of the Company acquired as part of the Lakeland acquisition and a Delaware statutory business trust established on June 15, 2006, issued million of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. In accordance with FASB ASC 810, Consolidation, 1st Constitution Capital Trust II is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Lakeland Bancorp Capital Trust II, a non-consolidated subsidiary of the Company acquired as part of the Lakeland acquisition and a Delaware statutory business trust established in June 2003, issued million of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. In accordance with FASB ASC 810, Consolidation, Lakeland Bancorp Capital Trust II is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Lakeland Bancorp Capital Trust IV, a non-consolidated subsidiary of the Company acquired as part of the Lakeland acquisition and a Delaware statutory business trust established in May 2007, issued million of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. In accordance with FASB ASC 810, Consolidation, Lakeland Bancorp Capital Trust IV is not included in our consolidated financial statements. On August 3, 2015, Lakeland acquired and extinguished million of Lakeland Bancorp Capital Trust IV debentures. 
 million of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. In accordance with FASB ASC 810, Consolidation, Sussex Capital Trust II is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 

Note 8. 
 of service as of April 1, 2003. The pension plan was frozen on April 1, 2003. All participants in the Plan are vested. The pension plan s assets are invested in investment funds and group annuity contracts currently managed by the Principal Financial Group and Allmerica Financial. 
 In addition to pension benefits, certain health care and life insurance benefits are currently made available to certain of the Bank s retired employees. The costs of such benefits are accrued based on actuarial assumptions from the date of hire to the date the employee is fully eligible to receive the benefits. Effective January 1, 2003, eligibility for retiree health care benefits was frozen as to new entrants, and benefits were eliminated for employees with less than of service as of December 31, 2002. Effective January 1, 2007, eligibility for retiree life insurance benefits was frozen as to new entrants and retiree life insurance benefits were eliminated for employees with less than of service as of December 31, 2006. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of the net loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Net periodic (decrease) in benefit cost ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 32 

contributions have been made to the pension plan. 
 The changes in net periodic benefit cost for pension benefits and other post-retirement benefits for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were calculated using the January 1, 2023 pension and other post-retirement benefits actuarial valuations. 
 
 Note 9. 
 million to a settlement fund. The Court granted final approval of the settlement on October 11, 2024. 

Note 10. 
 provision benefit and a million provision charge for credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a million and a million provision charge for credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures, respectively. The million decrease in the provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily related to an improvement in line of credit utilization. The million increase in the provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily related to the establishment of an allowance for credit losses on commitments to extend credit acquired from Lakeland. 
 The allowance for credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023, and are included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 Note 11. 
 33 

34 

and . Management classifies these loans as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Foreclosed Assets 
 Assets acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure are carried at fair value, less estimated selling costs, which range between and . Fair value is generally based on independent appraisals that rely upon quoted market prices for similar assets in active markets. These appraisals include adjustments, on an individual case basis, to comparable assets based on the appraisers market knowledge and experience, and are classified as Level 3. When an asset is acquired, the excess of the loan balance over fair value less estimated selling costs is charged to the allowance for credit losses. A reserve for foreclosed assets may be established to provide for possible write-downs and selling costs that occur subsequent to foreclosure. Foreclosed assets are carried net of the related reserve. Operating results from real estate owned, including rental income, operating expenses, and gains and losses realized from the sales of real estate owned, are recorded as incurred. 
 There were no changes to the valuation techniques for fair value measurements as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 35 

Government-agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations Total available for sale debt securities Equity securities Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Measured on a non-recurring basis: Loans measured for impairment based on the fair value of the underlying collateral Foreclosed assets 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Measured on a recurring basis: Available for sale debt securities: U.S. Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations Total available for sale debt securities Equity Securities Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Measured on a non-recurring basis: Loans measured for impairment based on the fair value of the underlying collateral Foreclosed assets 
 36 

was included in cash and cash equivalents, representing cash collateral pledged to secure loan level swaps and risk participation agreements. 
 Held to Maturity Debt Securities 
 For held to maturity debt securities, fair value was estimated using a market approach. The majority of the Company s securities are fixed income instruments that are not quoted on an exchange, but are traded in active markets. Prices for these instruments are obtained through third party data service providers or dealer market participants with whom the Company has historically transacted both purchases and sales of securities. Prices obtained from these sources include market quotations and matrix pricing. Matrix pricing, a Level 2 input, is a mathematical technique used principally to value certain securities by benchmarking to comparable securities. Management evaluates the quality of Level 2 matrix pricing through comparison to similar assets with greater liquidity and evaluation of projected cash flows. As management is responsible for the determination of fair value, it performs quarterly analyses on the prices received from the pricing service to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. Specifically, management compares the prices received from the pricing service to a secondary pricing source. Additionally, management compares changes in the reported market values and returns to relevant market indices to test the reasonableness of the reported prices. The Company s internal price verification procedures and review of fair value methodology documentation provided by independent pricing services has generally not resulted in adjustment in the prices obtained from the pricing service. The Company also holds debt instruments issued by the U.S. government and U.S. government-sponsored agencies that are traded in active markets with readily accessible quoted market prices that are considered Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Stock 
 The carrying value of FHLBNY stock is its cost. The fair value of FHLBNY stock is based on redemption at par value. The Company classifies the estimated fair value as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Loans 
 Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type such as commercial mortgage, residential mortgage, commercial, construction and consumer. Each loan category is further segmented into fixed and adjustable-rate interest terms and into performing and non-performing categories. The fair value of performing loans was estimated using a combination of techniques, including a discounted cash flow model that utilizes a discount rate that reflects the Company s current pricing for loans with similar characteristics and remaining maturity, adjusted by an amount for estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio at the balance sheet date (i.e. exit pricing). The rates take into account the expected yield curve, as well as an adjustment for prepayment risk, when applicable. The Company classifies the estimated fair value of its loan portfolio as Level 3. 
 The fair value for significant non-performing loans was based on recent external appraisals of collateral securing such loans, adjusted for the timing of anticipated cash flows, net of cost to sell. The Company classifies the estimated fair value of its non-performing loan portfolio as Level 3. 
 Deposits 
 The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as non-interest bearing demand deposits and savings deposits, was equal to the amount payable on demand and classified as Level 1. The estimated fair value of certificates of deposit was based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate was estimated using the Company s current rates offered for deposits with similar remaining maturities. The Company classifies the estimated fair value of its certificates of deposit portfolio as Level 2. 
 37 

38 

Available for sale debt securities: U.S. Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations Total available for sale debt securities Held to maturity debt securities, net of allowance for credit losses: U.S. Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations Total held to maturity debt securities, net of allowance for credit losses FHLBNY stock Equity securities Loans, net of allowance for credit losses Derivative assets Financial liabilities: Deposits other than certificates of deposits Certificates of deposit Total deposits Borrowings Subordinated debentures Derivative liabilities 
 39 

Available for sale debt securities: U.S. Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations Total available for sale debt securities Held to maturity debt securities: US Treasury obligations Government-agency obligations State and municipal obligations Corporate obligations Total held to maturity debt securities FHLBNY stock Equity securities Loans, net of allowance for credit losses Derivative assets Financial liabilities: Deposits other than certificates of deposits Certificates of deposit Total deposits Borrowings Subordinated debentures Derivative liabilities 
 
 40 

Note 12. 
 ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income Total ) ) ) Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives (cash flow hedges): Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) included in net income ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) Amortization related to post-retirement obligations ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Before Tax Tax Effect After Tax Before Tax Tax Effect After Tax Components of Other Comprehensive Income: Unrealized gains and losses on available for sale debt securities: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income ) Total ) ) ) Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives (cash flow hedges): Net unrealized gains arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) included in net income ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) Amortization related to post-retirement obligations ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 41 

) ) ) Current - period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, ) ) ) ) 
 Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) by Component, net of tax 
 for the nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Unrealized Losses on Available for Sale Debt Securities Post- Retirement Obligations Unrealized Gains on Derivatives (cash flow hedges) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Unrealized Losses on Available for Sale Debt Securities Post- Retirement Obligations Unrealized Gains on Derivatives (cash flow hedges) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance as of December 31, ) ) ) ) Current - period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, ) ) ) ) 
 42 

Net loss on securities transactions Income tax expense Net of tax Cash flow hedges: Realized net gains on derivatives ) ) Interest expense Income tax expense ) ) Post-retirement obligations: Amortization of actuarial gains ) ) Compensation and employee benefits (1) 
 Income tax expense ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications ) ) Net of tax 
 Reclassifications From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Amount reclassified from AOCI for the nine months ended September 30, Affected line item in the Consolidated Statement of Income 2024 2023 Details of AOCI: Available for sale debt securities: Realized net losses on the sale of securities available for sale Net loss on securities transactions ) Income tax expense Net of tax Cash flow hedges: Realized net gains on derivatives ) ) Interest expense Income tax expense ) ) Post-retirement obligations: Amortization of actuarial gains ) ) Compensation and employee benefits (1) 
 Income tax expense ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications ) ) Net of tax 
 (1) This item is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note 8. Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost. 
 
 43 

Note 13. 
 and loan related interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of billion and billion, respectively. 
 The Company periodically enters into risk participation agreements ("RPAs"), with the Company functioning as either the lead institution, or as a participant when another company is the lead institution on a commercial loan. These RPAs are entered into to manage the credit exposure on interest rate contracts associated with these loan participation agreements. Under the RPAs, the Company will either receive or make a payment in the event the borrower defaults on the related interest rate contract. The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its risk participation counterparties, and has posted collateral of against the potential risk of default by the borrower under these agreements. For September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and credit derivatives, respectively, with aggregate notional amounts of million and million, respectively, from participations in interest rate swaps as part of these loan participation arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, both the asset and liability positions of these fair value credit derivatives were insignificant, compared to and , respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk. The Company s objective in using interest rate derivatives is to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable payment amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income and are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash outflows associated with FHLBNY borrowings and brokered demand deposits. 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s borrowings or demand deposits. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that million will be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding interest rate derivatives with an aggregate notional amount of million that were each designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk, compared to outstanding interest rate derivatives with an aggregate notional amount of million, as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Company is party to master netting arrangements with its financial institution counterparties; however, the Company does not offset assets and liabilities under these arrangements for financial statement presentation purposes. The master netting arrangements provide for a single net settlement of all swap agreements, as well as collateral, in the event of default on, or termination of, any one contract. Collateral, usually in the form of cash or marketable investment securities, is posted by or received from the counterparty with net liability or asset positions, respectively, in accordance with contract thresholds. Master repurchase agreements which include right of set-off provisions generally have a legally enforceable right to offset recognized amounts. In such cases, the collateral would be used to settle the fair value of the swap or repurchase agreement should the Company be in default. The total amount of collateral held or pledged cannot exceed the net derivative fair values with the counterparty. 
 44 

Other assets Other liabilities Credit contracts Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives not designated as a hedging instrument Derivatives designated as a hedging instrument: Interest rate products Other assets Other liabilities Total gross derivative amounts recognized on the balance sheet Gross amounts offset on the balance sheet Net derivative amounts presented on the balance sheet Gross amounts not offset on the balance sheet: Financial instruments - institutional counterparties Cash collateral - institutional counterparties Net derivatives not offset 
 45 

Other assets Other liabilities Credit contracts Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives not designated as a hedging instrument Derivatives designated as a hedging instrument: Interest rate products Other assets Other liabilities Total gross derivative amounts recognized on the balance sheet Gross amounts offset on the balance sheet Net derivative amounts presented on the balance sheet Gross amounts not offset on the balance sheet: Financial instruments - institutional counterparties Cash collateral - institutional counterparties Net derivatives not offset 
 (1) The fair values related to interest rate products in the above net derivative tables show the total value of assets and liabilities, which include accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Credit contracts Other income ) Total Derivatives designated as a hedging instrument: Interest rate products Interest (benefit) expense ) ) Total ) ) 
 46 

Credit contracts Other income ) Total Derivatives designated as a hedging instrument: Interest rate products Interest (benefit) expense ) ) Total ) ) 
 The Company has agreements with certain of its dealer counterparties which contain a provision that if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including a default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be deemed in default on its derivative obligations. In addition, the Company has agreements with certain of its dealer counterparties which contain a provision that if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well or adequately capitalized institution, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and the Company would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. 
 dealer counterparties and the Company was in a net asset position with respect to all of its counterparties. 
 47 

Note 14. 
 and of the Company's total revenue, compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Revenue-generating activities that are within the scope of Topic 606, are components of non-interest income. These revenue streams are generally classified into three categories: wealth management revenue, insurance agency income and banking service charges and other fees. 
 Insurance agency income Banking service charges and other fees: Service charges on deposit accounts Debit card and ATM fees Total banking service charges and other fees Total in-scope non-interest income Total out-of-scope non-interest income Total non-interest income 
 48 

Note 15. 
 Lease Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 The calculated amount of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the table above are impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used to present value the minimum lease payments. The Company s lease agreements often include one or more options to renew at the Company s discretion. If at lease inception the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Regarding the discount rate, Topic 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is rarely determinable, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception based upon the term of the lease. For operating leases existing prior to January 1, 2019, the rate for the remaining lease term as of January 1, 2019 was applied. 
 All of the leases in which the Company is the lessee are classified as operating leases and are primarily comprised of real estate properties for branches and administrative offices with terms extending through 2046. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease term and the weighted-average discount rate for the Company's operating leases were years and , respectively. 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Lease Costs Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company added new lease obligations related to the Lakeland merger. The Company recorded a million right-of-use asset and lease liability for these lease obligations. 
 49 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Amounts representing interest Present value of net future minimum lease payments 
 
 Note 16. 
 
 Note 17. 
 million of loans from a sub-segment of the Company's commercial loan portfolio. While discussions are ongoing, if successful, management would expect to finalize the sale during the quarter ending on December 31, 2024. The impact of the transaction is not expected to have a material effect to the statement of income for that reporting period. 
 
 Item 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained herein are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or periods, or by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as may, will, believe, expect, estimate, "project," "intend," anticipate, continue, or similar terms or variations on those terms, or the negative of those terms. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented by its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and those related to the economic environment, particularly in the market areas in which the Company operates, inflation and unemployment, competitive products and pricing, real estate values, fiscal and monetary policies of the U.S. government, the effects of any turmoil or negative news in the banking industry, changes in accounting policies and practices that may be adopted by the regulatory agencies and the accounting standards setters, changes in government regulations affecting financial institutions, including regulatory fees and capital requirements, changes in prevailing interest rates, potential goodwill impairment, acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses, credit risk management, asset-liability management, the financial and securities markets, the availability of and costs associated with sources of liquidity, any failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger transaction when expected or at all; and the possibility that the transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected conditions, factors or events, potential adverse reactions or changes to business, employee, customer and/or counterparty relationships, including those resulting from the completion of the merger and integration of the companies; and the impact of a potential shutdown of the federal government. 
 The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made. The Company advises readers that the factors listed above could affect the Company's financial performance and could cause the Company's actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or 
 50 

statements expressed with respect to future periods in any current statements. The Company does not assume any duty, and does not undertake, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this statement. 
 Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. Merger 
 On May 16, 2024, the Company completed its merger with Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. ("Lakeland"), which added 10.91 billion to total assets, 7.91 billion to total loans, 8.62 billion to total deposits and 68 full-service banking offices in New Jersey and New York. The Company closed 13 of the acquired Lakeland banking offices and nine legacy Bank branches in the third quarter of 2024 due to geographic overlap. 
 Under the merger agreement, each share of Lakeland common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.8319 shares of the Company's common stock, a total of 54,356,954 shares converted, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. The total consideration paid for the acquisition of Lakeland was 876.8 million. In connection with the acquisition, Lakeland Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lakeland, was merged with and into the Bank. 
 The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method of accounting, the purchase price has been allocated to the respective assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values, net of tax. The excess of consideration paid over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired totaled 190.9 million and was recorded as goodwill. 
 Merger-related expenses, which is a separate line in non-interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income, totaled 15.6 million and 36.7 million and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The Company considers certain accounting policies to be critically important to the fair presentation of its financial condition and results of operations. These policies require management to make complex judgments on matters which by their nature have elements of uncertainty. The sensitivity of the Company s consolidated financial statements to these critical accounting policies, and the assumptions and estimates applied, could have a significant impact on its financial condition and results of operations. These assumptions, estimates and judgments made by management can be influenced by a number of factors, including the general economic environment. The Company has identified the allowance for credit losses on loans as a critical accounting policy. 
 The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that reflects management s evaluation of the current expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The Company maintains the allowance for credit losses through provisions for credit losses that are charged to income. Charge-offs against the allowance for credit losses are taken on loans where management determines that the collection of loan principal and interest is unlikely. Recoveries made on loans that have been charged-off are credited to the allowance for credit losses. 
 The calculation of the allowance for credit losses is a critical accounting policy of the Company. Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, related to past events, current conditions, and a reasonable and supportable forecast. Historical credit loss experience for both the Company and peers provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses, where observed credit losses are converted to probability of default rate PDR curves through the use of segment-specific loss given default LGD risk factors that convert default rates to loss severity based on industry-level, observed relationships between the two variables for each segment, primarily due to the nature of the underlying collateral. These risk factors were assessed for reasonableness against the Company s own loss experience and adjusted in certain cases when the relationship between the Company s historical default and loss severity deviate from that of the wider industry. The historical PDR curves, together with corresponding economic conditions, establish a quantitative relationship between economic conditions and loan performance through an economic cycle. 
 Using the historical relationship between economic conditions and loan performance, management s expectation of future loan performance is incorporated using an externally developed economic forecast. This forecast is applied over a period that management has determined to be reasonable and supportable. Beyond the period over which management can develop or source a reasonable and supportable forecast, the model will revert to long-term average economic conditions using a straight-line, time-based methodology. The Company's current forecast period is six quarters, with a four-quarter reversion period to historical average macroeconomic factors. The Company's economic forecast is approved by the Company's ACL Committee. 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis, with both a quantitative and qualitative analysis that is applied on a quarterly basis, when similar risk characteristics exist. The respective quantitative allowance for each loan segment is measured using an econometric, discounted PDR/LGD modeling methodology in which distinct, segment-specific multi-variate regression models are applied to an external economic forecast. Under the discounted cash flows methodology, 
 51 

expected credit losses are estimated over the effective life of the loans by measuring the difference between the net present value of modeled cash flows and amortized cost basis. Contractual cash flows over the contractual life of the loans are the basis for modeled cash flows, adjusted for modeled defaults and expected prepayments and discounted at the loan-level effective interest rate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless either of the following applies at the reporting date: management has a reasonable expectation that a modification will be executed with an individual borrower; or when an extension or renewal option is included in the original contract and is not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. Management will assess the likelihood of the option being exercised by the borrower and appropriately extend the maturity for modeling purposes. 
 The Company considers qualitative adjustments to credit loss estimates for information not already captured in the quantitative component of the loss estimation process. Qualitative factors are based on portfolio concentration levels, model imprecision, changes in industry conditions, changes in the Company s loan review process, changes in the Company s loan policies and procedures, and economic forecast uncertainty. 
 One of the most significant judgments involved in estimating the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans relates to the macroeconomic forecasts used to estimate expected credit losses over the forecast period. As of September 30, 2024, the model incorporated Moody s baseline economic forecast, as adjusted for qualitative factors, as well as an extensive review of classified loans and loans that were classified as impaired with a specific reserve assigned to those loans. The allowance estimation process resulted in a total provision of 9.6 million and 75.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and an overall coverage ratio of 102 basis points. Management believes the allowance for credit losses accurately represents the estimated inherent losses, factoring in the qualitative adjustment and other assumptions, including the selection of the baseline forecast within the model. If the Company used a more severe outlook, the provision would have risen by approximately 2.5 million, leading to an overall coverage ratio of approximately 103 basis points. 
 Portfolio segment is defined as the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses. Management developed segments for estimating loss based on type of borrower and collateral which is generally based upon federal call report segmentation. The segments have been combined or sub-segmented as needed to ensure loans of similar risk profiles are appropriately pooled. As of September 30, 2024, the portfolio and class segments for the Company s loan portfolio were: 
 Mortgage Loans Residential, Commercial Real Estate, Multi-Family and Construction 
 Commercial Loans Commercial Owner-Occupied and Commercial Non-Owner Occupied 
 Consumer Loans First Lien Home Equity and Other Consumer 
 The allowance for credit losses on loans individually evaluated for impairment is based upon loans that have been identified through the Company s normal loan monitoring process. This process includes the review of delinquent and problem loans at the Company s Credit, Credit Risk Management and Allowance Committees; or which may be identified through the Company s loan review process. Generally, the Company only evaluates loans individually for impairment if the loan is non-accrual, non-homogeneous and the balance is greater than 1.0 million. 
 For all classes of loans deemed collateral-dependent, the Company estimates expected credit losses based on the fair value of the collateral less any selling costs. If the loan is not collateral dependent, the allowance for credit losses related to individually assessed loans is based on discounted expected cash flows using the loan s initial effective interest rate. 
 Loans acquired that have experienced more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since their origination are considered PCD loans. The Company evaluates acquired loans for deterioration in credit quality based on any of, but not limited to, the following: (1) non-accrual status; (2) modification designation; (3) risk ratings of special mention, substandard or doubtful; (4) watchlist credits; and (5) delinquency status, including loans that are current on acquisition date, but had been previously delinquent. At the acquisition date, an estimate of expected credit losses is made for groups of PCD loans with similar risk characteristics and individual PCD loans without similar risk characteristics. Subsequent to the acquisition date, the initial allowance for credit losses on PCD loans will increase or decrease based on future evaluations, with changes recognized in the provision for credit losses. 
 Management believes the primary risks inherent in the portfolio are a general decline in the economy, a decline in real estate market values, rising unemployment or a protracted period of elevated unemployment, increasing vacancy rates in commercial investment properties and possible increases in interest rates in the absence of economic improvement. Any one or a combination of these events may adversely affect borrowers ability to repay the loans, resulting in increased delinquencies, credit losses and higher levels of provisions. Management considers it important to maintain the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to total loans at an acceptable level given current and forecasted economic conditions, interest rates and the composition of the portfolio. 
 52 

The CECL approach to calculate the allowance for credit losses on loans is significantly influenced by the composition, characteristics and quality of the Company s loan portfolio, as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecast utilized. Although management believes that the Company has established and maintained the allowance for credit losses at appropriate levels, additions may be necessary if future economic and other conditions differ substantially from the current operating environment and economic forecast. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis giving consideration to forecasted economic factors, historical loss experience and other factors. The model includes both quantitative and qualitative components. Such estimates and assumptions are adjusted when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the financial statements in future periods, and to the extent actual losses are higher than management estimates, additional provision for credit losses on loans could be required and could adversely affect our earnings or financial position in future periods. In addition, various regulatory agencies periodically review the adequacy of the Company s allowance for credit losses as an integral part of their examination process. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance or additional write-downs based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Although management uses the best information available, the level of the allowance for credit losses remains an estimate that is subject to significant judgment and short-term volatility. 
 Material changes to these and other relevant factors create greater volatility to the allowance for credit losses, and therefore, greater volatility to the Company s reported earnings. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses on loans totaled 9.6 million and 75.9 million, compared to an 12.5 million and a 27.4 million provision for credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increases in provision for both periods were primarily attributable to an initial CECL provision for credit losses on loans of 60.1 million, recorded as part of the Lakeland merger. 
 COMPARISON OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 Total assets as of September 30, 2024 were 24.04 billion, a 9.83 billion increase from December 31, 2023. The increase in total assets was primarily due to the addition of Lakeland. 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 18.79 billion as of September 30, 2024 and 10.87 billion as of December 31, 2023. The loan portfolio consisted of the following: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans held for sale 5,757 1,785 Mortgage loans: Commercial 7,342,456 4,512,411 Multi-family 3,226,918 1,812,500 Construction 873,509 653,246 Residential 2,032,671 1,164,956 Total mortgage loans 13,475,554 8,143,113 Commercial loans (1) 
 4,710,601 2,440,621 Consumer loans 623,709 299,164 Total gross loans 18,809,864 10,882,898 Premiums on purchased loans 1,362 1,474 Net deferred fees and unearned discounts (16,617) (12,456) Total loans held for investment 18,794,609 10,871,916 
 (1) Commercial loans consist of owner-occupied real estate and commercial industrial loans. 
 As part of the merger with Lakeland, we acquired 7.91 billion in loans, net of purchase accounting adjustments. Compared to the prior quarter, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the loan portfolio had net increases of 93.4 million of commercial loans, 37.1 million of multi-family loans, 8.6 million of residential mortgage loans, and 4.7 million of commercial mortgage loans, partially offset by net decreases of 96.7 million of construction loans and 2.3 million of consumer loans. Commercial loans, consisting of commercial real estate, multi-family, commercial and construction loans, represented 85.9 of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024, compared to 86.5 as of December 31, 2023. 
 53 

The Bank s lending activities, though concentrated in the communities surrounding its offices, extend predominantly throughout New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania and Orange, Nassau and Queens Counties, New York. This geographic concentration subjects the Company s loan portfolio to the general economic conditions within these states. The risks created by this concentration are evaluated by management as part of its risk management program. 
 We consider our commercial real estate loans to be higher risk categories in our loan portfolio. These loans are particularly sensitive to economic conditions. As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio of commercial real estate loans, including multi-family and construction loans, totaled 11.44 billion, or 60.8 of total gross loans. 
 The Company believes the CRE loans it originates are appropriately collateralized under its credit standards. Collateral properties include multi-family apartment buildings, warehouse/distribution buildings, shopping centers, office buildings, mixed-use buildings, hotels/motels, senior living, residential and commercial tract developments, and raw land or lots to be developed into single-family homes. The primary source of repayment on the permanent loan portion of these loans is generally expected to come from the cash flow stream of the underlying leases which are dependent on the successful operations of the respective tenants. The primary source of the repayment on the construction portfolio is dependent on the successful completion of the project and the related sale, permanent financing or lease of the real property collateral. As a result, the performance of these loans is generally impacted by fluctuations in collateral values, the ability of the borrower to obtain permanent financing, and, in the case of loans to residential builder/developers, volatility in consumer demand. 
 The table below summarizes the concentrations of CRE loans on a gross basis, not including any purchase accounting adjustments, based on the collateral securing the loans, as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Amount Percentage of Total Multi-family (1) 
 3,813,145 32.8 Retail 2,583,075 22.2 Industrial 2,205,813 19.0 Office 929,521 8.0 Mixed 880,001 7.6 Special use property 632,567 5.5 Residential 377,151 3.3 Hotel 127,676 1.1 Land 67,888 0.6 Total CRE, multi-family and construction loans 11,616,837 100.0 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, multi-family CRE loans on New York City properties totaled 226.6 million. This portfolio constitutes only 1.2 of total loans and has an average loan size of 2.6 million. Loans that are collateralized by rent stabilized apartments comprise less than 0.80 of the total loan portfolio and are all performing. 
 The determination of collateral value is critically important when financing real estate. As a result, obtaining current and objectively prepared appraisals is a major part of the underwriting process. The Company engages a variety of professional firms to supply appraisals, market studies and feasibility reports, environmental assessments and project site inspections to complement its internal resources to underwrite and monitor these credit exposures. 
 However, in periods of economic uncertainty where real estate market conditions may change rapidly, more current appraisals are obtained when warranted by conditions such as a borrower s deteriorating financial condition, their possible inability to perform on the loan or other indicators of increasing risk of reliance on collateral value as the sole source of repayment of the loan. Annual appraisals are generally obtained for loans graded substandard or worse where real estate is a material portion of the collateral value and/or the income from the real estate or sale of the real estate is the primary source of debt service. 
 Appraisals are, in substantially all cases, reviewed by a third party to determine the reasonableness of the appraised value. The third-party reviewer will challenge whether or not the data used is appropriate and relevant, form an opinion as to the appropriateness of the appraisal methods and techniques used, and determine if overall the analysis and conclusions of the appraiser can be relied upon. Additionally, the third-party reviewer provides a detailed report of that analysis. Further review may be conducted by credit or lending teams, including the Bank s commercial workout team as conditions warrant. These additional steps of review are undertaken to confirm that the underlying appraisal and the third-party analysis can be relied upon. If differences arise, management addresses those with the reviewer and determines an appropriate resolution in accordance with its lending policy. Both the appraisal process and the appraisal review process can be less reliable in 
 54 

establishing accurate collateral values during and following periods of economic weakness due to the lack of comparable sales and the limited availability of financing to support an active market of potential purchasers. 
 The table below summarizes the Company s commercial real estate portfolio, including multi-family and construction loans on a gross basis, not including any purchase accounting adjustments as of September 30, 2024, as segregated by the geographic region in which the property is located (dollars in thousands): 
 Amount Percentage of Total New Jersey 7,071,477 60.9 Pennsylvania 1,635,962 14.1 New York 1,754,788 15.1 Other states 1,154,610 9.9 Total CRE, multi-family and construction loans 11,616,837 100.0 
 The Company participates in loans originated by other banks, including participations designated as Shared National Credits SNCs ). The Company s gross commitments and outstanding balances as a participant in SNCs were 585.7 million and 480.3 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024, compared to 140.5 million and 54.9 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Company had outstanding junior lien mortgages totaling 342.2 million as of September 30, 2024. Of this total, nine loans totaling 708,000 were 90 days or more delinquent. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s non-performing assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Mortgage loans: Residential 5,211 853 Commercial 13,969 5,151 Multi-family 7,578 744 Construction 13,151 771 Total mortgage loans 39,909 7,519 Commercial loans 48,592 41,487 Consumer loans 1,433 633 Total non-performing loans 89,934 49,639 Foreclosed assets 9,801 11,651 Total non-performing assets 99,735 61,290 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s 60-89 day delinquent loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Mortgage loans: Residential 1,991 1,208 Commercial 641 Multi-family 1,635 Construction Total mortgage loans 2,632 2,843 Commercial loans 1,240 198 Consumer loans 606 275 Total 60-89 day delinquent loans 4,478 3,316 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s allowance for credit losses related to the loan portfolio was 1.02 of total loans, compared to 0.99 and 1.01 as of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company recorded provisions for credit losses on loans of 9.6 million and 75.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 
 55 

compared with provisions of 11.0 million and 27.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had net charge-offs of 6.8 million and 9.1 million, respectively, compared to net charge-offs of 5.5 million and 7.3 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2023. The allowance for credit losses increased 84.0 million to 191.2 million as of September 30, 2024 from 107.2 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase in provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was attributable to specific reserves required on individually analyzed loans, combined with some economic forecast deterioration, while the increase in provision for credit losses on loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an initial CECL provision for credit losses on loans of 60.1 million recorded as part of the Lakeland merger in accordance with GAAP requirements for accounting for business combinations, partially offset by an improved economic forecast for the current nine-month period within our CECL model, compared to the same period last year. 
 Total non-performing loans were 89.9 million, or 0.47 of total loans as of September 30, 2024, compared to 49.6 million, or 0.46 of total loans as of December 31, 2023. The 40.3 million increase in non-performing loans, which was primarily attributable to the addition of Lakeland, consisted of a 12.4 million increase in non-performing construction loans, a 8.8 million increase in non-performing commercial mortgage loans, a 7.1 million increase in non-performing commercial loans, a 6.8 million increase in non-performing multi-family loans, a 4.4 million increase in non-performing residential mortgage loans and a 800,000 increase in non-performing consumer loans. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held foreclosed assets of 9.8 million and 11.7 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were three properties sold with an aggregate carrying value of 532,000 and one write-down of a foreclosed commercial property of 1.3 million. Foreclosed assets as of September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of commercial real estate. Total non-performing assets as of September 30, 2024 increased 36.6 million to 97.9 million, or 0.41 of total assets, from 61.3 million, or 0.43 of total assets as of December 31, 2023. 
 Total investment securities were 3.17 billion as of September 30, 2024, a 1.04 billion increase from December 31, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the addition of Lakeland. 
 Total deposits increased 8.08 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to 18.38 billion, due primarily to the addition of Lakeland. Total savings and demand deposit accounts increased 6.02 billion to 15.22 billion as of September 30, 2024, while total time deposits increased 2.06 billion to 3.16 billion as of September 30, 2024. The increase in savings and demand deposits was largely attributable to a 2.92 billion increase in interest bearing demand deposits, a 1.58 billion increase in non-interest bearing demand deposits, a 1.03 billion increase in money market deposits and a 495.5 million increase in savings deposits. The increase in time deposits consisted of a 2.01 billion increase in retail time deposits and a 46.5 million increase in brokered time deposits. 
 Within total deposits, brokered deposits totaled 207.0 million and 165.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Our total estimated uninsured and uncollateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024, were 4.52 billion. 
 Borrowed funds increased 244.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to 2.21 billion. The increase in deposits and borrowings was largely due to the addition of Lakeland. Borrowed funds represented 9.2 of total assets as of September 30, 2024, a decrease from 13.9 as of December 31, 2023. 
 Stockholders equity increased 930.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to 2.62 billion, primarily due to common stock issued for the purchase of Lakeland, net income earned for the period and an improvement in unrealized losses on available for sale debt securities, partially offset by cash dividends paid to stockholders. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, common stock repurchases totaled 1,969 shares at an average cost of 16.36 per share and 88,821 shares at an average cost of 14.87 per share, respectively, all of which were made in connection with withholding to cover income taxes on the vesting of stock-based compensation. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 1.0 million shares remained eligible for repurchase under the current stock repurchase authorization. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. Liquidity refers to the Company s ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet financial obligations to its depositors, to fund loans and securities purchases and operating expenses. Sources of funds include scheduled amortization of loans, loan prepayments, scheduled maturities of unpledged investments, cash flows from securities and the ability to borrow funds from the FHLBNY, FRBNY and approved broker-dealers. 
 Cash flows from loan payments and maturing investment securities are fairly predictable sources of funds. Changes in interest rates, local economic conditions and the competitive marketplace can influence loan prepayments, prepayments on mortgage-backed securities and deposit flows. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, loan repayments totaled 1.21 billion and 2.09 billion, respectively. 
 
 56 

The Company has continued to monitor and focus on depositor behavior and borrowing capacity with the FHLBNY and FRBNY, with current borrowing capacity of 2.51 billion and 2.24 billion, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. Our estimated uninsured and uncollateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024 totaled 4.52 billion, or 24.6 of deposits. Our total estimated uninsured deposits, including collateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024, were 9.65 billion. 
 In March 2023, the Company established a facility under the BTFP with the FRBNY. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 550.0 million of advances under the Program. The Company elected to participate in the BTFP program due to significant cost savings compared to other wholesale funding sources. The funding was used to pay off existing wholesale borrowings. The ability to prepay at any time without penalty also enhances our ability to manage our interest rate risk position. 
 Total deposits increased 8.08 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to the addition of Lakeland. Deposit activity is affected by changes in interest rates, competitive pricing and product offerings in the marketplace, local economic conditions, customer confidence and other factors such as stock market volatility. Certificate of deposit accounts that are scheduled to mature within one year totaled 3.00 billion as of September 30, 2024. Based on its current pricing strategy and customer retention experience, the Bank expects to retain a significant share of these accounts. The Bank manages liquidity on a daily basis and expects to have sufficient cash to meet all of its funding requirements. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that revised the leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, that were effective January 1, 2015. Among other things, the rule established a new common equity Tier 1 minimum capital requirement (4.5 of risk-weighted assets), adopted a uniform minimum leverage capital ratio at 4 , increased the minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets requirement (from 4 to 6 of risk-weighted assets) and assigned a higher risk weight (150 to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on non-accrual status and to certain commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The rule also required unrealized gains and losses on certain available-for-sale securities holdings to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital unless a one-time opt-out was exercised. The Company exercised the option to exclude unrealized gains and losses from the calculation of regulatory capital. Additional constraints were also imposed on the inclusion in regulatory capital of mortgage-servicing assets, deferred tax assets and minority interests. The rule limits a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer, of 2.5 in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 In the first quarter of 2020, U.S. federal regulatory authorities issued an interim final rule providing banking institutions that adopted CECL during the 2020 calendar year with the option to delay, for two years, the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay (i.e., a five-year transition in total). In connection with its adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, the Company elected to utilize the five-year CECL transition. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Bank and the Company exceeded all current minimum regulatory capital requirements as follows: September 30, 2024 Required Required with Capital Conservation Buffer Actual Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands) Bank: (1) (2) 
 Tier 1 leverage capital 940,427 4.00 940,427 4.00 2,279,622 9.70 Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital 891,544 4.50 1,386,846 7.00 2,279,622 11.51 Tier 1 risk-based capital 1,188,725 6.00 1,684,027 8.50 2,279,622 11.51 Total risk-based capital 1,584,967 8.00 2,080,269 10.50 2,469,257 12.46 Company: Tier 1 leverage capital 935,895 4.00 935,895 4.00 1,944,548 8.31 Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital 892,343 4.50 1,388,089 7.00 1,944,548 9.81 Tier 1 risk-based capital 1,189,790 6.00 1,685,536 8.50 1,944,548 9.81 Total risk-based capital 1,586,387 8.00 2,082,133 10.50 2,571,864 12.97 
 57 

(1) Under the FDIC's prompt corrective action provisions, the Bank is considered well capitalized if it has: a leverage (Tier 1) capital ratio of at least 5.00 ; a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.50 ; a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.00 ; and a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.00 . 
 (2) For a period of three years following completion of the merger, the Bank will be required to maintain a Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio of at least 8.5 and a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of at least 11.25 . 
 COMPARISON OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 General. The Company reported net income of 46.4 million, or 0.36 per basic and diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 11.5 million, or 0.11 per basic and diluted share, for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and net income of 28.5 million, or 0.38 per basic and diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income totaled 67.0 million, or 0.65 per basic and diluted share, compared to 101.1 million, or 1.35 per basic and diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Company s earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflected the impact of the May 16, 2024 merger with Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. Lakeland ), which added 10.91 billion to total assets, 7.91 billion to loans, and 8.62 billion to deposits, net of purchase accounting adjustments. The merger with Lakeland significantly impacted provisions for credit losses in the trailing quarter due to the initial CECL provisions recorded on acquired loans. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included other transaction costs related to the merger with Lakeland, totaling 15.6 million and 36.7 million, respectively, compared with transaction costs totaling 2.3 million and 5.3 million for the respective 2023 periods. Additionally, the Company realized a 2.8 million loss related to the sale of subordinated debt issued by Lakeland from the Provident investment portfolio, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The following tables sets forth certain information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the periods indicated, the total dollar amount of interest income from average interest-earning assets and the resultant yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities is expressed both in dollars and rates. No tax equivalent adjustments were made. Average balances are daily averages. 
 58 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost (Dollars in Thousands) (Unaudited) Interest Earning Assets: Deposits 179,313 2,425 5.38 74,183 884 4.73 Federal funds sold and other short-term investments 57 1 4.00 Available for sale debt securities 2,644,262 24,884 3.72 1,724,833 10,127 2.35 Held to maturity debt securities, net (1) 
 342,217 2,136 2.50 373,681 2,334 2.50 Equity securities, at fair value 19,654 1,068 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 91,841 1,090 4.75 91,273 1,759 7.71 Net loans: (2) 
 Total mortgage loans 13,363,265 197,857 5.83 7,881,193 104,540 5.21 Total commercial loans 4,546,088 81,183 7.05 2,289,267 33,806 5.81 Total consumer loans 622,586 12,947 8.27 300,383 4,746 6.27 Total net loans 18,531,939 291,987 6.21 10,470,843 143,092 5.37 Total interest earning assets 21,809,226 322,522 5.84 12,735,938 158,197 4.89 Non-Interest Earning Assets: Cash and due from banks 341,505 82,522 Other assets 2,097,307 1,158,150 Total assets 24,248,038 13,976,610 Interest Bearing Liabilities: Demand deposits 9,942,053 74,864 3.00 5,741,052 35,290 2.44 Savings deposits 1,711,502 1006 0.23 1,240,951 592 0.19 Time deposits 3,112,598 34,139 4.36 1,052,793 9,041 3.41 Total deposits 14,766,153 110,009 2.96 8,034,796 44,923 2.22 Borrowed funds 2,125,149 19,923 3.73 1,780,655 16,765 3.74 Subordinated debentures 413,267 8,889 8.56 10,613 273 10.24 Total interest bearing liabilities 17,304,569 138,821 3.19 9,826,064 61,961 2.50 Non-Interest Bearing Liabilities: Non-interest bearing deposits 3,741,160 2,230,199 Other non-interest bearing liabilities 541,839 265,427 Total non-interest bearing liabilities 4,282,999 2,495,626 Total liabilities 21,587,568 12,321,690 Stockholders' equity 2,660,470 1,654,920 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 24,248,038 13,976,610 Net interest income 183,701 96,236 Net interest rate spread 2.65 2.39 Net interest-earning assets 4,504,657 2,909,874 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.31 2.96 Ratio of interest-earning assets to total interest-bearing liabilities 1.26x 1.30x 
 (1) Average outstanding balance amounts shown are amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses. (2) Average outstanding balances are net of the allowance for loan losses, deferred loan fees and expenses, loan premiums and discounts and include non-accrual loans. (3) Annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 
 59 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost (Dollars in Thousands) (Unaudited) Interest Earning Assets: Deposits 39,280 5,466 5.38 69,696 2,676 5.13 Federal funds sold and other short-term investments 58 2 5.34 Available for sale debt securities 2,189,671 52,553 3.19 1,777,861 30,819 2.31 Held to maturity debt securities, net (1) 
 350,529 6,761 2.57 379,144 7,059 2.48 Equity securities, at fair value 10,050 1,022 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 84,845 6,145 9.66 77,634 3,929 6.75 Net loans: (2) 
 Total mortgage loans 10,682,974 461,632 5.70 7,740,591 299,830 5.12 Total commercial loans 3,487,600 175,815 6.69 2,225,725 93,915 5.60 Total consumer loans 460,497 25,820 7.49 302,706 13,419 5.93 Total net loans 14,631,071 663,267 5.99 10,269,022 407,164 5.25 Total interest earning assets 17,305,446 734,192 5.61 12,574,437 451,649 4.76 Non-Interest Earning Assets: Cash and due from banks 229,336 121,801 Other assets 1,663,331 1,152,113 Total assets 19,198,113 13,848,351 Interest Bearing Liabilities: Demand deposits 7,931,251 174,609 2.94 5,710,855 85,822 2.01 Savings deposits 1,444,135 2476 0.23 1,315,157 1,582 0.16 Time deposits 2,091,806 66,517 4.25 961,010 21,476 2.99 Total deposits 11,467,192 243,602 2.84 7,987,022 108,880 1.82 Borrowed funds 2,074,958 57,871 3.73 1,556,619 38,329 3.29 Subordinated debentures 215,745 13,842 8.57 10,563 774 9.80 Total interest bearing liabilities 13,757,895 315,315 3.06 9,554,204 147,983 2.07 Non-Interest Bearing Liabilities: Non-interest bearing deposits 2,896,453 2,382,144 Other non-interest bearing liabilities 379,909 266,910 Total non-interest bearing liabilities 3,276,362 2,649,054 Total liabilities 17,034,257 12,203,258 Stockholders' equity 2,163,856 1,645,093 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 19,198,113 13,848,351 Net interest income 418,877 303,666 Net interest rate spread 2.55 2.69 Net interest-earning assets 3,547,551 3,020,233 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.18 3.19 Ratio of interest-earning assets to total interest-bearing liabilities 1.26x 1.32x 
 (1) Average outstanding balance amounts shown are amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses. (2) Average outstanding balances are net of the allowance for loan losses, deferred loan fees and expenses, loan premiums and discounts and include non-accrual loans. (3) Annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 60 

Net Interest Income . Net interest income increased 87.5 million to 183.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 96.2 million for same period in 2023. Net interest income increased 115.2 million to 418.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 303.7 million for same period in 2023. Net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by a full quarter of combined operations with Lakeland and accretion of purchase accounting adjustments, compared to a 45 days impact in the prior quarter. Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by the net assets acquired from Lakeland, combined with the favorable repricing of adjustable rate loans and the originations of higher-yielding loans, partially offset by the unfavorable repricing of both deposits and borrowings. 
 The net interest margin increased 35 basis points to 3.31 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.96 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The weighted average yield on interest-earning assets increased 95 basis points to 5.84 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.89 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, while the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 69 basis points for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, to 3.19 , compared to 2.50 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, was 2.96 , compared to 2.22 for the same period last year. Average non-interest-bearing demand deposits totaled 3.74 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.23 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of total deposits, including non-interest-bearing deposits, was 2.36 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.74 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of borrowed funds for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, was 3.73 , compared to 3.74 for the same period last year. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net interest margin decreased one basis point to 3.18 , compared to 3.19 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The weighted average yield on interest-earning assets increased 85 basis points to 5.61 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.76 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, while the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 99 basis points to 3.06 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.07 for the same period last year. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits increased 102 basis points to 2.84 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.82 for the same period last year. Average non-interest-bearing demand deposits totaled 2.90 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 2.38 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of total deposits, including non-interest-bearing deposits, was 2.27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.40 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.73 , compared to 3.29 for the same period last year. 
 Interest income on loans secured by real estate increased 93.3 million to 197.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 104.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Commercial loan interest income increased 47.4 million to 81.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 33.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Consumer loan interest income increased 8.2 million to 12.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the average balance of total loans increased 8.06 billion to 18.53 billion, compared to the same period in 2023. The average yield on total loans for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 84 basis points to 6.21 , from 5.37 for the same period in 2023. 
 Interest income on loans secured by real estate increased 161.8 million to 461.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 299.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Commercial loan interest income increased 81.9 million to 175.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 93.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Consumer loan interest income increased 12.4 million to 25.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 13.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average balance of total loans increased 4.36 billion to 14.63 billion, compared with 10.27 billion for the same period in 2023. The average yield on total loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 74 basis points to 5.99 , from 5.25 for the same period in 2023. 
 Interest income on held to maturity debt securities totaled 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year. Average held to maturity debt securities decreased 31.5 million to 342.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 373.7 million for the same period last year. Interest income on held to maturity debt securities decreased 298,000 to 6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Average held to maturity debt securities decreased 28.6 million to 350.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 379.1 million for the same period last year. 
 61 

Interest income on available for sale debt securities increased 14.8 million to 24.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 10.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The average balance of available for sale debt securities increased 919.4 million to 2.64 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on available for sale debt securities increased 21.7 million to 52.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 30.8 million for the same period last year. The average balance of available for sale debt securities increased 411.8 million to 2.19 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Interest income on FHLBNY stock decreased .7 million to 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.76 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The average balance of FHLBNY stock increased .6 million to 91.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income on FHLBNY stock increased 24.0 million to 58.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 34.7 million for the same period last year. The average balance of FHLBNY stock increased 7.2 million to 84.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The average yield on total securities increased to 3.69 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 2.67 for the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average yield on total securities increased to 3.33 , compared with 2.57 for the same period in 2023. 
 Interest expense on deposit accounts increased 65.1 million to 110.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 44.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense on deposit accounts increased 134.7 million to 243.6 million, from 108.9 million for the same period last year. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits increased to 2.96 and 2.84 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from 2.22 and 1.82 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The average balance of interest-bearing core deposits, which consist of total savings and demand deposits, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 4.67 billion to 11.65 billion. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average interest-bearing core deposits increased 2.35 billion, to 9.38 billion, from 7.03 billion for the same period in 2023. Average time deposit account balances increased 2.06 billion to 3.11 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.05 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average time deposit account balances increased 1130.8 million to 2.09 billion, from 961.0 million for the same period in 2023. 
 Interest expense on borrowed funds increased 3.2 million to 19.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 16.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense on borrowed funds increased 19.5 million to 57.9 million, from 38.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of borrowings decreased to 3.73 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.74 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The average cost of borrowings increased to 3.73 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.29 for the same period last year. Average borrowings increased 344.5 million to 2.13 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.78 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average borrowings increased 518.3 million to 2.07 billion, compared to 1.56 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Provision for Credit Losses. Provisions for credit losses are charged to operations in order to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level management considers necessary to absorb projected credit losses that may arise over the expected term of each loan in the portfolio. In determining the level of the allowance for credit losses, management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. The amount of the allowance is based on estimates, and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes available or later events change. Management assesses the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses on a quarterly basis and makes provisions for credit losses as necessary. 
 The Company recorded provisions for credit losses on loans of 9.6 million and 75.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with provisions of 11.0 million and 27.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The provision for credit losses on loans in the current quarter was primarily attributable to specific reserves required on individually analyzed loans, combined with some economic forecast deterioration, while the increased provision for credit losses on loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an initial CECL provision for credit losses on loans of 60.1 million recorded as part of the Lakeland merger in accordance with GAAP requirements for accounting for business combinations, partially offset by an improved economic forecast for the current nine-month period within our CECL model, compared to the same period 
 Non-Interest Income. Non-interest income totaled 26.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 7.5 million, compared to the same period in 2023. Fee income increased 3.7 million to 9.8 million for the three months ended 
 62 

September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in deposit fee income, debit card related fee income and loan related fee income, resulting from the Lakeland merger. BOLI income increased 2.5 million to 4.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to an increase in benefit claims recognized, combined with an increase in income related to the addition of Lakeland's BOLI. Wealth management fees increased 628,000 to 7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, mainly due to an increase in the average market value of assets under management during the period, while insurance agency income increased 407,000 to 3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, largely due to an increase in business activity. Additionally, other income increased 339,000 to 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increases in gains on the sale of SBA and mortgage loans. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, non-interest income totaled 69.9 million, an increase of 9.1 million compared to the same period in 2023. Fee income increased 6.1 million to 24.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in deposit fee income, debit and credit card related fee income and loan related fee income resulting from the Lakeland merger. BOLI income increased 4.6 million to 9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in benefit claims recognized, combined with an increase in income related to the addition of Lakeland's BOLI, while wealth management income increased 2.1 million to 22.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, mainly due to an increase in the average market value of assets under management during the period. Additionally, insurance agency income increased 1.7 million to 12.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.2 million for the same period in 2023, largely due to increases in contingent commissions, retention revenue and new business activity. Partially offsetting these increases in non-interest income, net gains on securities transactions decreased 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a 2.8 million loss related to the sale from the Provident investment portfolio of subordinated debt issued by Lakeland prior to the merger. Other income decreased 2.4 million to 3.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.7 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to a 2.0 million gain from the sale of a foreclosed commercial property recorded in the prior year, combined with a decrease in gains on sales of SBA loans. 
 Non-Interest Expense . For the three months ended September 30, 2024, non-interest expense totaled 136.0 million, an increase of 70.4 million, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Compensation and benefits expense increased 27.8 million to 63.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 35.7 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in compensation and benefits expense was primarily attributable to the addition of Lakeland. Additionally, merger-related expenses increased 13.3 million to 15.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Amortization of intangibles increased 11.5 million to 12.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 720,000 for the same period in 2023, largely due to core deposit intangible amortization related to Lakeland in the current quarter. Data processing expenses increased 5.2 million to 10.5 million for three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.3 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to additional software and hardware expenses needed for the addition of Lakeland. Net occupancy expense increased 4.7 million to 12.8 million for three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8.1 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in depreciation and maintenance expenses due to the addition of Lakeland. Other operating expenses increased 5.0 million to 15.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 10.7 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in professional service expenses, while FDIC insurance increased 2.6 million to 4.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the addition of Lakeland. 
 Non-interest expense totaled 323.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 123.7 million, compared to 199.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Compensation and benefits expense increased 48.7 million to 158.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 109.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in compensation and benefits expense was primarily attributable to the addition of Lakeland. Merger-related expenses increased 31.3 million to 36.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization of intangibles increased 17.2 million to 19.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to core deposit intangible amortization related to Lakeland. Data processing expense increased 9.2 million to 25.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to additional software and hardware expenses needed for the addition of Lakeland, while net occupancy expense increased 8.0 million to 32.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in depreciation and maintenance expense related to the addition of Lakeland. Other operating expenses increased 5.6 million to 37.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 31.8 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increases in professional service expenses, while FDIC insurance 
 63 

increased 3.9 million to 9.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the addition of Lakeland. 
 Income Tax Expense. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's income tax expense was 18.9 million with an effective tax rate of 28.9 , compared with an income tax expense of 8.8 million with an effective tax rate of 23.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period last year was largely due to an increase in taxable income in the quarter, as a result of the Lakeland merger and the imposition by the State of New Jersey of a 2.5 Corporate Transit Fee in the prior quarter. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's income tax expense was 19.9 million with an effective tax rate of 22.9 , compared with 34.9 million with an effective tax rate of 25.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period last year was largely due to a 5.8 million tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets to reflect the imposition by the State of New Jersey of a 2.5 Corporate Transit Fee, effective January 1, 2024, combined with a decrease in taxable income as a result of the initial CECL provision for credit losses on loans of 60.1 million recorded in accordance with GAAP requirements for accounting for business combinations and additional expenses from the Lakeland merger. 
 
 Item 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 Qualitative Analysis. Interest rate risk is the exposure of a bank s current and future earnings and capital arising from adverse movements in interest rates. The guidelines of the Company s interest rate risk policy seek to limit the exposure to changes in interest rates that affect the underlying economic value of assets and liabilities, earnings and capital. To minimize interest rate risk, the Company generally sells all 20- and 30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans at origination. The Company retains residential fixed rate mortgages with terms of 15 years or less and biweekly payment residential mortgages with a term of 30 years or less. Commercial real estate loans generally have interest rates that reset in five years, and other commercial loans such as construction loans and commercial lines of credit reset with changes in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, LIBOR or SOFR. Investment securities purchases generally have maturities of five years or less, and mortgage-backed securities have weighted average lives between three and five years. 
 The Asset/Liability Committee meets at least monthly, or as needed, to review the impact of interest rate changes on net interest income, net interest margin, net income and the economic value of equity. The Asset/Liability Committee reviews a variety of strategies that project changes in asset or liability mix and the impact of those changes on projected net interest income and net income. 
 The Company s strategy for liabilities has been to maintain a stable core-funding base by focusing on core deposit account acquisition and increasing products and services per household. The Company s ability to retain maturing time deposit accounts is the result of its strategy to remain competitively priced within its marketplace. The Company s pricing strategy may vary depending upon current funding needs and the ability of the Company to fund operations through alternative sources, primarily by accessing short-term lines of credit with the FHLBNY during periods of pricing dislocation. 
 Quantitative Analysis. Current and future sensitivity to changes in interest rates are measured through the use of balance sheet and income simulation models. The analysis captures changes in net interest income using flat rates as a base, a most likely rate forecast and rising and declining interest rate forecasts. Changes in net interest income and net income for the forecast period, generally twelve to twenty-four months, are measured and compared to policy limits for acceptable change. The Company periodically reviews historical deposit re-pricing activity and makes modifications to certain assumptions used in its income simulation model regarding the interest rate sensitivity of deposits without maturity dates. These modifications are made to more closely reflect the most likely results under the various interest rate change scenarios. Since it is inherently difficult to predict the sensitivity of interest-bearing deposits to changes in interest rates, the changes in net interest income due to changes in interest rates cannot be precisely predicted. There are a variety of reasons that may cause actual results to vary considerably from the predictions presented below which include, but are not limited to, the timing, magnitude, and frequency of changes in interest rates, interest rate spreads, prepayments, and actions taken in response to such changes. 
 Specific assumptions used in the simulation model include: 
 Parallel yield curve shifts for market rates; 
 Current asset and liability spreads to market interest rates are fixed; 
 Traditional savings and interest-bearing demand accounts move at 10 of the rate ramp in either direction; 
 Retail Money Market and Business Money Market accounts move at 25 and 75 of the rate ramp in either direction respectively, subject to certain interest rate floors; and 
 64 

Higher-balance demand deposit tiers and promotional demand accounts move at 50 to 75 of the rate ramp in either direction, subject to certain interest rate floors. 
 The following table sets forth the results of a twelve-month net interest income projection model as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Change in interest rates (basis points) - Rate Ramp Net Interest Income Dollar Amount Dollar Change Percent Change -300 738,342 592 0.1 -200 736,138 (1,612) (0.2) -100 736,120 (1,630) (0.2) Static 737,750 +100 735,620 (2,130) (0.3) 
 The interest rate risk position of the Company remains slightly asset-sensitive. As a result, the preceding table indicates that, as of September 30, 2024, in the event of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates, whereby rates ramp up evenly over a twelve-month period, net interest income would decrease 0.3 , or 2.1 million. In the event of a 300 basis point decrease in interest rates, whereby rates ramp downward evenly over a twelve-month period, net interest income would increase 0.1 , or 592,000 over the same period. In this downward rate scenario, rates on deposits have a repricing floor of zero. 
 
 Another measure of interest rate sensitivity is to model changes in economic value of equity through the use of immediate and sustained interest rate shocks. The following table illustrates the result of the economic value of equity model as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): Present Value of Equity Present Value of Equity as Percent of Present Value of Assets Change in interest rates (basis points) Dollar Amount Dollar Change Percent Change Present Value Ratio Percent Change -300 2,514,930 (434,636) (14.7) 9.9 (18.1) -200 2,710,016 (239,550) (8.1) 10.8 (10.8) -100 2,851,822 (97,744) (3.3) 11.5 (4.8) Static 2,949,566 12.1 +100 2,979,753 30,187 1.0 12.5 3.0 
 The preceding table indicates that as of September 30, 2024, in the event of an immediate and sustained 100 basis point increase in interest rates, the present value of equity is projected to increase 1.0 , or 30.2 million. If rates were to decrease 300 basis points, the present value of equity would decrease 14.7 , or 434.6 million. 
 Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodologies used in the above interest rate risk measurements. Modeling changes in net interest income requires the use of certain assumptions regarding prepayment and deposit decay rates, which may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. While management believes such assumptions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that assumed prepayment rates and decay rates will approximate actual future loan prepayment and deposit withdrawal activity. Moreover, the net interest income table presented assumes that the composition of interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and also assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration to maturity or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the net interest income table provides an indication of the Company s interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurement is not intended to and does not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on the Company s net interest income and will differ from actual results. 

Item 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were evaluated at the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 65 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is incorporated by reference from Contingencies in Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) set forth in Part I of this report. 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 The risk factors that were previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, were supplemented by the Company in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 (d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 226 15.91 226 975,342 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 1,078 16.72 1,078 974,264 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 665 15.92 665 973,599 Total 1,969 16.36 1,969 
 (1) On December 28, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the purchase of up to 3,900,000 shares of its common stock under a ninth general repurchase program to commence upon completion of the eighth repurchase program. The repurchase program has no expiration date. 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 
 (a) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as that term is used in SEC regulations. 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith: 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2022/File No. 001-31566) 
 2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 20, 2023, by and among Provident Financial Services, Inc., NL 239 Corp. and Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2023/File No. 001-31566) 
 2.3 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 29, 2024, by and among Provident Financial Services, Inc., NL 239 Corp. and Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2024/File No. 001-31566) 
 
 66 

3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, and any amendments thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission/Registration No. 333-98241.) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, and any amendments thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission/Registration No. 333-98241.) 
 4.2 Indenture, dated May 13, 2024, between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 13, 2024, between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 10.1 Executive Vice Chairman Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Shara. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 10.2 Change in Control Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Shara. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 10.3 Retention and Award Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Shara. (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 10.4 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Shara. (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2024/File No. 001-31566.) 
 10.5 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement for Thomas J. Shara, effective as of April 2, 2008, among Lakeland Bancorp, Inc., Lakeland Bank and Thomas J. Shara (Filed as an Exhibit to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2008/File No. 000-17820.) 
 10.6 Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated February 27, 2015, among Lakeland Bancorp, Inc., Lakeland Bank and Thomas J. Shara (Filed as an Exhibit to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2015/File No. 000-17820.) 
 10.7 Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2018/File No. 000-17820.) 
 10.8 Amendment to Executive Chairman Agreement between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Christopher Martin, dated May 28, 2024 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2024/File No. 000-31566.) 
 10.9 Amendment to Change in Control Agreement between Provident Financial Services, Inc. and Christopher Martin, dated May 28, 2024 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2024/File No. 000-31566.) 
 10.10 Change of Control Agreement, dated October 31, 2013, among Lakeland Bancorp, Inc., Lakeland Bank and Timothy J. Matteson (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2013/File No. 000-17820.) 
 10.11 Change in Control Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2016, among Lakeland Bancorp, Inc., Lakeland Bank and James Nigro (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2016/File No. 000-17820.) 
 10.12 Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated February 27, 2015, among Lakeland Bancorp, Inc., Lakeland Bank and Thomas J. Shara (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2015/File No. 000-17820.) 
 10.13 Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2008/File No. 000-17820.) 
 
 67 

31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report to Stockholders on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, has been formatted in iXBRL. 

68 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Anthony J. Labozzetta Anthony J. Labozzetta President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Thomas M. Lyons Thomas M. Lyons Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Adriano M. Duarte Adriano M. Duarte Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 69 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Anthony J. Labozzetta, certify that 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Provident Financial Services, Inc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Anthony J. Labozzetta 
 Anthony J. Labozzetta President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Thomas M. Lyons, certify that 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Provident Financial Services, Inc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Thomas M. Lyons Thomas M. Lyons Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 exhibit32009302024.htm
 EX-32.0

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 Certification pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Anthony J. Labozzetta, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas M. Lyons, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Provident Financial Services, Inc. (the Company ), each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the quarterly report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and that to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) the report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations. 
 The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Anthony J. Labozzetta 
 Anthony J. Labozzetta 
 President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 7, 2024 s Thomas M. Lyons Thomas M. Lyons Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 pfs-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 pfs-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 pfs-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 pfs-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 pfs-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

