<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241205_10-Q_edgar_data_1852207_0001213900-24-106054.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2579337</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76754</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>681920</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>411236</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>647158</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>727655</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-106054.hdr.sgml : 20241205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241205161517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-106054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bold Eagle Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852207
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42385
		FILM NUMBER:		241529280

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		955 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 209-7280

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		955 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spinning Eagle Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-106054.txt : 20241205

10-Q
 1
 ea0222457-10q_bold.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

OR

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 5, 2024, there
were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, issued and outstanding (excluding 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption),
and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

BOLD
EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP. 

(F/K/A SPINNING EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.) 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 16 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 23 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal
Proceedings 
 
 23 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
Factors 
 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults
Upon Senior Securities 
 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
Safety Disclosures 
 
 23 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other
Information 
 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 24 

SIGNATURES 
 
 25 

i 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BOLD
EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP. 

(F/K/A SPINNING EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.) 

BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS: 

Deferred offering costs 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Promissory note - related party (IPO) 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Promissory note - related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholder s Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (1) (2) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholder s deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholder s deficit 

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

1 

BOLD
EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP. 
(F/K/A SPINNING EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.) 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 
 For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative expenses 
 
 -

Loss from operations 
 
 -

Other income: 

Cancellation of indebtedness 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 
 -

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) (2) 

Basic and fully diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

2 

BOLD
EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP. 
(F/K/A SPINNING EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.) 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 
(UNAUDITED) 

FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares (1) (2) 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2024 (1) (2) 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 -
 
 -

FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares (1) (2) 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2023 (1) (2) 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
 -
 
 -

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

3 

BOLD EAGLE ACQUISITION
CORP. 

(F/K/A SPINNING EAGLE
ACQUISITION CORP.) 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Cancellation of indebtedness 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 -
 
 -

Net change in cash 
 -
 
 -

Cash at beginning of the period 
 -
 
 -

Cash at end of the period 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party (IPO) 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs paid through prepaid expenses 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

4 

BOLD
EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP. 

(F/K/A SPINNING EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share
(the Class A ordinary shares or Public Shares and right Eagle Share Right ), with each
Eagle Share Right entitling the holder to receive one twentieth (1/20) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of a Business
Combination. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Company
has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public
Offering price (the Over-Allotment Option . As of the date of this Quarterly
Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not yet been exercised in full or in part. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of shares (the Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share in a private placement (the Private Placement to Eagle Equity Partners
IV, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of of net upfront underwriting discounts of upfront underwriting discounts
less reimbursement from the underwriters), of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

5 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account ). Following their deposit into the Trust Account, such proceeds have been initially invested only in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations;
the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination
and, may at any time be held as cash or cash items, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank, as determined by the Company, until
the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s
shareholders, as described below. 

The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing
a Business Combination. The Company must complete one or more Business Combinations with having an aggregate fair market value equal to
at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business
Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company
will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares in connection with the completion
of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a
shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a
Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of amounts released to the Company to fund
its working capital requirements (subject to an annual limit of and taxes paid or payable). The Class A ordinary shares will
be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

If the Company
seeks shareholder approval, the Company will complete a Business Combination only if it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares which are
represented in person or by proxy and are voted at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the
same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks
shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note
5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive its
redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination. Additionally,
each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

6 

of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written
consent. 

The Sponsor
and the Company s executive officers and directors have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder
Shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not
to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the
Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Completion
Window (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction
with any such amendment and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder
Shares and Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. 

The Company
will have within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or such longer period of time as may be provided in an amendment
to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association approved by a vote of the public shareholders) (the Completion
Window to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window,
the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned (less taxes paid or payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the Public Shares and completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any),
subject to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Sponsor
and the Company s executive officers and directors have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares
and Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window. However, if the Sponsor
or the Company s executive officers or directors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the
Completion Window. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the
Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window and, in such event, such
amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares.
In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be
less than the Initial Public Offering price per share ). 

7 

per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the
Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of trust assets, less taxes paid or payable and up
to of interest to pay dissolution expenses, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had in cash, and a working capital deficiency of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as defined in Note
5), loan proceeds from the Sponsor of up to under the Amended and Restated Formation and Regulatory Expenses Promissory Note
(as defined in Note 5) and up to under the Initial Public Offering Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5). As of September 30,
2024, there was outstanding under the Amended and Restated Formation and Regulatory Expenses Promissory Note, and as of September
30, 2024, there was 5, 500 outstanding under the Initial Public Offering Promissory Note.
On October 25 , 2024, the Initial Public Offering Promissory Note was repaid in full. Subsequent
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account, including of reimbursements
from the underwriters for certain expenses and fees. Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient
working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year
from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts
payable, paying stock exchange listing fees, paying amounts due under the Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement (as defined
in Note 5), paying director and officer liability insurance premiums, paying legal and other service providers, identifying and evaluating
prospective Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures,
selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Further,
the Company is permitted to withdraw interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account to fund working capital requirements, subject
to an annual limitation of , and to fund taxes payable. 

8 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

9 

, of which
 was charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and was charged to
shareholder s deficit as, per management s evaluation, the Eagle Share Rights and Private Placement Shares were
accounted for under equity treatment. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class
A ordinary share and Eagle Share Right. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of the Initial Public Offering to exercise the
Over-Allotment Option. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not yet been exercised in full or
in part . 

10 

Private Placement Shares at a
price of per Private Placement Share, for an aggregate purchase price of , from the Company. The proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Shares were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If
the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Shares held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of
applicable law). 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for
 of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Class B ordinary shares or Founder
Shares ). On June 25, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration Founder Shares, resulting in the Sponsor
holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to
forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the
number of Founder Shares will collectively represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares and after taking into account the Sponsor s forfeiture
of Founder Shares in respect of the Eagle Share Rights). In addition, the Sponsor agreed to surrender to the Company for no
consideration after the expiration of the underwriters over-allotment option a number of Class B ordinary shares equal to the
number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the Eagle Share Rights included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. The
Sponsor agreed to surrender Founder Shares in respect of the Eagle Share Rights if the underwriters over-allotment
is not exercised and will surrender up to Founder Shares in respect of the Eagle Share Rights if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full, leaving the Sponsor with an aggregate of or Founder Shares,
respectively. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of the Initial Public Offering to exercise the Over-Allotment Option. As
of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not yet been exercised in full or in part . 

The Sponsor
and the Company s executive officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any
of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent
to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for
share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
day period, provided such release shall not occur earlier than 180 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the
Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory Note 
Related Party 

On
March 12, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of . On June 26, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor amended and restated such promissory note (the
 Amended and Restated Formation and Regulatory Expenses Promissory Note ), increasing the amount that the Company may
borrow thereunder to . The Amended and Restated Formation and Regulatory Expenses Promissory Note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the Amended and Restated Formation and Regulatory Expenses Promissory Note. 

11 

. The Initial Public Offering
Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2024 or (ii) the completion of the Initial
Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were amounts of and , respectively, outstanding
under the Initial Public Offering Promissory Note. On October 25, 2024, the Initial Public Offering Promissory Note was
repaid in full. 

Administrative Services
and Indemnification Agreement 

The Company
entered into an agreement (the Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement commencing October 23, 2024 through
the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor 
per month for office space and administrative services and provide indemnification to the Sponsor from any claims arising out of or relating
to the Initial Public Offering or the Company s operations or conduct of the Company s business or any claim against the Sponsor
alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor of any of the Company s activities or any express or
implied association between the Sponsor and the Company or any of its affiliates, which agreement provides that the indemnified parties
cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. 

Related Party Loans 

In order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the
Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working
Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close,
the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. There have been no borrowings under this arrangement to date. Such Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Shares of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per share
at the option of the lender. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no
written agreements exist with respect to such Working Capital Loans. 

12 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts
and commissions (the Over-Allotment Option ). As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not
yet been exercised in full or in part. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of
 per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters agreed
to reimburse the Company at the closing of the Initial Public Offering for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and fees (including for
the avoidance of doubt, a portion of the upfront underwriting commissions payable in connection with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering) incurred by the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering in an amount not to exceed of the gross proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering. On October 25, 2024, as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company received reimbursement
from the underwriters of . 

13 

preference shares with a par value of . The Company s board of directors will
be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other
special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. The board of
directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. At September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or
outstanding. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, following the completion of the Initial Public Offering, there were 
Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which are comprised of the Private Placement Shares, excluding Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, which are comprised of the Public Shares. 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B
ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class B ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to shares is subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option has not yet been exercised in full or in part. 

Prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination,
holders of the Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors or continuing the Company
in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company
or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation
in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). On any other matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders prior to or
in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, holders of the Class B ordinary shares and holders of the Class A ordinary
shares will vote together as a single class, except as required by law. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares immediately prior to, concurrently with or immediately following the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares
or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (excluding the Private Placement Shares and the ordinary shares underlying the Eagle Share Rights and after giving
effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued,
or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company
in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination
and any Private Placement Shares issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that
such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

14 

Class A ordinary share
upon consummation of a Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional
shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman
law. In the event the Company is not the surviving company upon completion of the Business Combination, each holder of an Eagle Share
Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one twentieth (1/20) of Class A ordinary
share underlying each Eagle Share Right upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the required time period and the Company will redeem the public shares for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders
of Eagle Share Rights will not receive any of such funds for their Eagle Share Rights and the Eagle Share Rights will expire worthless.
As of September 30, 2024, there were no Eagle Share Rights issued or outstanding. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there were
 Eagle Share Rights issued and outstanding. 

Units at per Unit, consisting of Class A ordinary share and one right to receive one twentieth (1/20) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination, and generated gross proceeds to the Company of (as
disclosed in Notes 3 and 7). The underwriters have 45 days from the date of the Initial Public
Offering to exercise the Over-Allotment Option. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not
yet been exercised in full or in part. On October 25, 2024, the Initial Public Offering Promissory Note was also repaid in full. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share in the
Private Placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 4). 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on October 25, 2024, an amount of , comprised of of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (which amount
includes of the underwriters deferred discount), in reimbursements from the underwriters for certain expenses
and fees and of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Shares, was placed in the Trust Account. 

15 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Bold Eagle
Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to Eagle Equity Partners IV, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Quarterly
Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without
limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward- looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward- looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section
of the Company s final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can
be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a
blank check company incorporated on February 22, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected
any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions directly
or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. 

We intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of
the private placement shares, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to
forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise),
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, other securities issuances,
or a combination of the foregoing. 

The issuance of additional shares in connection
with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution
would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a
greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with
rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which
may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership
or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or Eagle Share
Rights. 

16 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on
demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting
our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce
the funds available for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at September
30, 2024, we had an unrestricted cash balance of 0 as well as cash and investments held in the Trust Account of 0. Further, we expect
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or
to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have
neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of
our initial business combination. We have generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents
after the Initial Public Offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change
has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 49,328, which consisted of formation and operation costs of 49,328. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 50,825, which consisted of formation and operation costs of 77,359 plus other income comprising of cancellation
of indebtedness of 26,534. 

For the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 0 and 2,804, respectively, the latter of which consisted of formation and operation costs
of 2,804. 

Through September 30, 2024, our efforts have been limited to organizational
activities, activities relating to the Initial Public Offering, activities relating to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition
candidates and activities relating to general corporate matters. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to the completion of
the Initial Public Offering through receipt of a 25,000 capital contribution from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the Founder
Shares to the Sponsor and up to 1,000,000 in available loans from the Sponsor. These loans are non-interest bearing and unsecured. Up
to 400,000 of these loans are due at the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering and are anticipated
to be repaid upon completion of the Initial Public Offering out of the 750,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment
of offering expenses other than underwriting commissions, and up to 600,000 is payable by no later than the earlier of the closing of
our initial business combination or our liquidation. On October 25, 2024, the Initial Public
Offering Promissory Note was repaid in full. 

17 

As of September 30, 2024, we had no cash
available to us and a working capital deficiency of 450,279. 

On October 25, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 25,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit and a private sale of 350,000 private placement shares at a purchase price of 10.00
per share. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of the Initial Public Offering to exercise
the Over-Allotment Option. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not yet been exercised in full
or in part. 

A total of 250,000,000 10.00
per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Shares was placed in the Trust Account. The proceeds are invested only in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. the holding of these
assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended business combination and, may at
any time be held as cash or cash items, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank. We will disclose in each quarterly and annual
report filed with the SEC prior to our initial business combination whether the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account are invested in
U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds or a combination thereof or as cash or cash items, including in demand deposit
accounts. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions)
to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest for permitted withdrawals. Our annual income tax obligations will
depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest earned on the
amount in the Trust Account, plus permitted withdrawals, will be sufficient to pay our income taxes, if any, and our working capital requirements.
To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the
remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, we will have available to us the approximately 250,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account plus permitted withdrawals.
We will use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

18 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our
estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial
business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial
business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to,
loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that
our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such
loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Such loans may be convertible into private placement
shares of the post business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The terms of such loans, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

We expect our primary liquidity requirements during
that period to include approximately 1,509,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring,
negotiating and documenting successful business combinations, and approximately 81,000 for Nasdaq and approximately 300,000 for director
and officer liability insurance premiums. We will also pay an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space and administrative services provided
to members of our management team in an amount equal to 15,000 per month. 

These amounts are estimates and may differ materially
from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing,
fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision
(a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors
on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have
any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business,
the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of
the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result
of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with
respect to, prospective target businesses. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held
in our Trust Account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In addition,
we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the private placement shares, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount
available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek
additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our
initial business combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion
of our initial business combination. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked
securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to
forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Subject to
compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we
will be forced to liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

19 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this Quarterly
Report as we have not conducted any operations to date. 

Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement 

On October 23, 2024, the Company entered
into an Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement. We agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor 15,000 per month for
office space and administrative services and to provide indemnification to the Sponsor from any claims arising out of or relating to
the Initial Public Offering or the Company s operations or conduct of the Company s business or any claim against the
Sponsor alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor of any of the Company s activities or any
express or implied association between the Sponsor and the Company or any of its affiliates, which agreement provides that the
indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the
Company incurred 0 in administrative services expenses under the arrangement. 

Underwriting Agreement 

On October 23, 2024, the Company entered into
an Underwriting Agreement. 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option
to purchase up to 3,750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts
and commissions (the Over-Allotment Option ). As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not
yet been exercised in full or in part. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of
 0.35 per Unit, or 8,750,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 0.15 per Unit, or 3,750,000 in the aggregate, paid 3,750,000 upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters
agreed to reimburse the Company at the closing of the Initial Public Offering for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and fees (including
for the avoidance of doubt, a portion of the upfront underwriting commissions payable in connection with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering) incurred by the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering in an amount not to exceed 0.5 of the gross proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering. On October 25, 2024, as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company received reimbursement
from the underwriters of 1,250,000. 

20 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into on October 23, 2024, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and shares that may be issued upon conversion of
the Working Capital Loans will be entitled to registration rights and the Company is required to register a sale of any of the securities
held by them, including any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The
holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the
period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption 

The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Class A ordinary shares feature certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of
the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjusts the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated
deficit. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in
capital and accumulated deficit. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

21 

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting 

This Quarterly Report does not include a report
of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered
public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently subject to any material legal
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on October
24, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024. However, we may
disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

On October 25, 2024, we consummated our Initial Public
Offering of 25,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 250,000,000. The
underwriters have 45 days from the date of the Initial Public Offering to exercise the Over-Allotment Option. As of the date of
this Quarterly Report, the Over-Allotment Option had not yet been exercised in full or in part. UBS Securities LLC and Jefferies LLC acted
as book-running managers. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form
S-1 (No. 333-282268). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on October 23, 2024. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 350,000 private placement shares to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00
per private placement share, generating gross proceeds of 3,500,000. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on October 25, 2024, an amount of 250,000,000, comprised of 246,250,000 of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (which amount
includes 8,750,000 of the underwriters deferred discount), 1,250,000 in reimbursements from the underwriters for certain expenses
and fees and 2,500,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Shares, was placed in the Trust Account. 

Transaction costs amounted to
 11,896,413, consisting of 2,500,000 of net upfront underwriting discounts 3,750,000 of upfront underwriting discounts less 1,250,000
reimbursement from the underwriters), 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 646,413 of other offering costs. In addition, at October
25, 2024, cash of 400,788 was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the payment of offering expenses and for working
capital purposes. 

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

23 

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BOLD EAGLE ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: December 5, 2024 

/s/ Eli Baker 

Name: 
 Eli Baker 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ryan O Connor 

Name: 
 Ryan O Connor 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022245701ex31-1_bold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Eli Baker, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bold
Eagle Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. (Paragraph omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986
and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Eli Baker 

Name: 
 Eli Baker 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022245701ex31-2_bold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ryan O Connor, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bold
Eagle Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. (Paragraph omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986
and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan O Connor 

Name: 
 Ryan O Connor 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022245701ex32-1_bold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bold Eagle Acquisition Corp.
(the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Eli Baker, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered
by the Report. 

Date: December 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Eli Baker 

Name: 
 Eli Baker 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022245701ex32-2_bold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bold Eagle Acquisition Corp.
(the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Ryan O Connor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered
by the Report. 

Date: December 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan O Connor 

Name: 
 Ryan O Connor 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 beagu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 beagu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 beagu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 beagu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 beagu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

