<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1159036_0001159036-24-000050.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15153799</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128348</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8418306</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2810929</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1881919</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1751438</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001159036-24-000050.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031160746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001159036-24-000050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001159036
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				880488686
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32335
		FILM NUMBER:		241415277

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12390 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 794-8889

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12390 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL YACHT SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010912

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001159036-24-000050.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 halo-20240930.htm
 10-Q

halo-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 _______________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The number of outstanding shares (in thousands) of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, was as of October 24, 2024 . 

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 55 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 56 
 SIGNATURES 
 57 
 
 2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities, available-for-sale Accounts receivable, net and contract assets Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 
 par value; shares authorized; shares 
 issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Royalties Product sales, net Revenues under collaborative agreements Total revenues Operating expenses Cost of sales Amortization of intangibles Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense) Investment and other income, net 
 Contingent liability fair value measurement gain 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized gain on foreign currency Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments, net 
 ) Realized loss (gain) on derivative instruments, net 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 
 Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of debt discount Accretion of discount on marketable securities, net 
 ) ) Realized gain on marketable securities 
 ) Loss on disposal of equipment Contingent liability fair value measurement adjustment 
 ) Recognition of deferred revenue ) Lease payments recognized 
 Deferred income taxes Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 Accounts receivable, net and other contract assets ) Inventories 
 ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Repayment of 2024 Convertible Notes ) Repurchase of common stock ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net of taxes paid related to net share settlement 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 
 Amounts accrued for purchases of property and equipment Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligation Common stock issued for conversion of 2024 Convertible Notes 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE AS OF JUNE 30, 2024 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, net 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Net income BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock and performance stock units, net and shares issued under the ESPP plan 
 Repurchase of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Net income BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, net 
 Other comprehensive income 
 Net income BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for the conversion of the 2024 Convertible Notes ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock and performance stock units, net and shares issued under the ESPP plan Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Net income BALANCE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 1. 
 commercial products including sales of commercial product from each of the Takeda, Janssen and argenx collaborations and commercial products from the Roche collaboration. 
 We have commercialized auto-injector products with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. Teva and Otter Pharmaceuticals, LLC Otter ). We have development programs including auto-injectors with Idorsia Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Idorsia ). 
 Our commercial portfolio of proprietary products includes Hylenex , utilizing rHuPH20, and XYOSTED , utilizing our auto-injector technology. 
 Except where specifically noted or the context otherwise requires, references to Halozyme, the Company, we, our, and us in these notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements refer to Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. and each of its directly and indirectly wholly owned subsidiaries as disclosed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 8 

2. 
 . 
 9 

significant allowances for doubtful accounts were established as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 to . We determine if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Right of use ROU assets and liabilities resulting from operating leases are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the discount rate to calculate the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Our leases often include options to extend or terminate the lease. These options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. For certain leases, such as automobiles, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 to and leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term, whichever is shorter. 
 
 10 

into the future. We hedge these cash flow exposures to reduce the risk of our earnings and cash flows being adversely affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. 
 In accordance with the hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge and are highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. Both at inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, we assess whether the foreign currency forward contracts are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items on a prospective and retrospective basis. If we determine a (i) foreign currency forward contract is not highly effective as a cash flow hedge, (ii) foreign currency forward contract has ceased to be a highly effective hedge or (iii) forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, we would discontinue hedge accounting treatment prospectively. We measure effectiveness based on the change in fair value of the forward currency forward contract and the fair value of the hypothetical foreign currency forward contract with terms that match the critical terms of the risk being hedged. No portion of our foreign currency forward contracts were excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. As of September 30, 2024, all hedges were determined to be highly effective. 
 The assets or liabilities associated with our hedging contracts are recorded at fair market value in prepaid expense and other current assets, accrued expenses, or other long-term liabilities, respectively, in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses related to changes in the fair market value of these hedging contracts are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI within stockholder s equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and reclassified to royalty revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of income in the same period as the recognition of the underlying hedged transaction. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not occur, within the defined hedge period, we reclassify the gains or losses on the related cash flow hedge from AOCI to royalties revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of income. Settlements from the cash flow hedge are included in operating activities on the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Since the fair market value of these hedging contracts is derived from current market rates, the hedging contracts are classified as derivative financial instruments. We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. As of September 30, 2024, amounts expected to be recognized as a net gain out of AOCI into our condensed consolidated statements of income during the next 12 months are not material. 
 11 

days prior written notice to us. Upon any such termination, the license granted to 
 12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

million and million with an effective tax rate of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The difference between our effective tax rates and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 is primarily due to a decrease from a share-based compensation windfall tax benefit, Foreign Derived Intangible Income FDII deduction, and research and development credit generation, partially offset by state income tax and Section 162(m) disallowance. 
 operating segment, which includes all activities related to the research, development and commercialization of our proprietary enzymes and devices. This segment also includes revenues and expenses related to (i) research and development and manufacturing activities conducted under our collaborative agreements with third parties, and (ii) product sales of proprietary and partnered products. The chief operating decision-maker CODM ), our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), reviews the operating results on an aggregate basis and manages the operations as a single operating segment. 
 
 17 

18 

3. 
 Corporate debt securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Agency bonds Total marketable securities, available-for-sale ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Asset-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) U.S. treasury securities ) Agency bonds ) Commercial paper Total marketable securities, available-for-sale ) 
 As of September 30, 2024, available-for-sale marketable securities with a fair market value of million were in a gross unrealized loss position of million. Based on our review of these marketable securities, we believe of the unrealized loss is as a result of a credit loss as of September 30, 2024 because we do not intend to sell these securities and it is not more-likely-than-not that we will be required to sell these securities before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. 
 Due after one year but within five years Total estimated fair value of contractual maturities, available-for-sale 
 19 

U.S. treasury securities Available-for-sale marketable securities Asset-backed securities Corporate debt securities U.S. treasury securities Agency bonds Commercial paper Total assets Liabilities Derivative instruments Currency hedging contracts (1) 
 
 (1) Based on observable market transactions of spot currency rates, forward currency rates or equivalently-termed instruments. Carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities are equal to the fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the derivative liabilities recorded within accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets were million and million , respectively. 
 We had available-for-sale securities that were classified within Level 3 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 20 

4. 
 Product sales, net Proprietary product sales 
 Bulk rHuPH20 sales 
 Device partnered product sales 
 Total product sales, net Revenues under collaborative agreements Upfront license and target nomination fees Event-based development and regulatory milestones and other fees 
 Device licensing and development revenue 
 Total revenues under collaborative agreements Total revenues 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized revenue related to licenses granted to partners in prior periods in the amount of million. This amount represents royalties earned in the current period in addition to million of variable consideration in the contracts where uncertainties were resolved and the development milestones are expected to be achieved or were achieved. Revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that had been included in accrued expense and other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023 was not material. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized revenue related to licenses granted to partners in prior periods in the amount of million. This amount represents royalties earned in the current period in addition to million of variable consideration in the contracts where uncertainties were resolved and the development milestones are expected to be achieved or were achieved. We also recognized revenue of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that had been included in accrued expense and other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023. 
 Other contract assets Deferred revenues 
 As of September 30, 2024, the amounts included in the transaction price of our contracts with customers, including collaboration partners, and allocated to goods and services not yet provided were million, of which million relates to unfulfilled product purchase orders and million has been collected and is reported as accrued expense and other long-term liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The unfulfilled product purchase orders are estimated to be delivered by the end of 2025. Of the total deferred revenues of million, million is expected to be used by our customers within the next months. 
 We recognized contract assets of million as of September 30, 2024, which related to development milestones deemed probable of receipt for intellectual property licenses granted to partners in prior periods and for goods or services when control has transferred to the customer, and corresponding revenue is recognized on an over time basis but is not yet billable to the customer in accordance with the terms of the contract. 
 21 

5. 
 Accounts receivable from revenues under collaborative agreements Accounts receivable from royalty payments Accounts receivable from other product sales Contract assets Total accounts receivable and contract assets 
 Allowance for distribution fees and discounts ) ) Total accounts receivable, net and contract assets 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories 
 Less long-term portion (1) 
 ) Total inventories, current 
 
 (1) Long-term portion of inventories represents inventory expected to remain on hand beyond one year and therefore is included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other prepaid expenses Long-term inventories 
 Other assets 
 Total prepaid expenses and other assets 
 Less long-term portion 
 ) ) Total prepaid expenses and other assets, current 
 
 Prepaid manufacturing expenses include raw materials, slot reservation fees and other amounts paid to contract manufacturing organizations. Such amounts are reclassified to work-in-process inventory as materials are used or the contract manufacturing organization services are complete. 
 22 

Manufacturing equipment Computer and office equipment Leasehold improvements Subtotal 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Subtotal 
 Right of use of assets Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately million and million, inclusive of ROU asset amortization of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately million and million, inclusive of ROU asset amortization of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Accrued outsourced manufacturing expenses Taxes payable 
 Product returns and sales allowance Other accrued expenses Lease liability Total accrued expenses 
 Less long-term portion ) ) Total accrued expenses, current 
 
 Expense associated with the accretion of the lease liabilities was approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total lease expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Cash paid for amounts related to leases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

23 

6. 
 Adjustment 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 Our acquired intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of seven to . 
 XYOSTED proprietary product Total finite-lived intangibles, net 
 ATRS-1902 (IPR D) Indefinite Total intangibles, net 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 24 

7. 
 Convertible Notes due 2028 
 In August 2022, we completed the sale of million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2028 Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers fee of million, was approximately million. We also incurred additional debt issuance costs totaling million. Debt issuance costs and the initial purchasers fee are presented as a debt discount. 
 The 2028 Convertible Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 15th and August 15th of each year at an annual rate of . The 2028 Convertible Notes are general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2028 Convertible Notes, rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, are effectively junior to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our current or future subsidiaries. The 2028 Convertible Notes have a maturity date of August 15, 2028. 
 Holders may convert their 2028 Convertible Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2022, if the last reported sale price per share of common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as described in the offering memorandum for the 2028 Convertible Notes; (4) if we call such notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, February 15, 2028 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, the 2028 Convertible Notes were not convertible. 
 Upon conversion, we will pay cash for the settlement of principal, and for the premium, if applicable, we will pay cash, deliver shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate for the 2028 Convertible Notes is shares of common stock per 1,000 in principal amount of 2028 Convertible Notes, equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued or unpaid interest. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants and there was no material adverse change in our business, operations or financial condition. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the offering of the 2028 Convertible Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties (the Capped Call Transactions ). The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to holders of our common stock upon conversion of the 2028 Convertible Notes or at our election (subject to certain conditions) offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of such converted 2028 Convertible Notes. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially per share of common stock, representing a premium of above the last reported sale price of per share of common stock on August 15, 2022, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. As of September 30, 2024, no capped calls had been exercised. 
 Pursuant to their terms, the capped calls qualify for classification within stockholders equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, and their fair value is not remeasured and adjusted as long as they continue to qualify for stockholders equity classification. We paid approximately million for the Capped Calls, including applicable transaction costs, which was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions entered into by us with the capped call Counterparties, are not part of the terms of the Convertible Notes, and do not affect any holder s rights under the Convertible Notes. Holders of the Convertible Notes do not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 25 

Convertible Notes due 2027 
 In March 2021, we completed the sale of million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2027 Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers fee of million, was approximately million. We also incurred additional debt issuance costs totaling million. Debt issuance costs and the initial purchasers fee are presented as a debt discount. 
 The 2027 Convertible Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on March 1st and September 1st of each year at an annual rate of . The 2027 Convertible Notes are general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2027 Convertible Notes, rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, are effectively junior to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our current or future subsidiaries. The 2027 Convertible Notes have a maturity date of March 1, 2027. 
 Holders may convert their 2027 Convertible Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021, if the last reported sale price per share of common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as described in the offering memorandum for the 2027 Convertible Notes; (4) if we call such notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, September 1, 2026 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, the 2027 Convertible Notes were not convertible. 
 Upon conversion, we will pay cash for the settlement of principal and for the premium, if applicable, we will pay cash, deliver shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate for the 2027 Convertible Notes is shares of common stock per 1,000 in principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants and there was no material adverse change in our business, operations or financial condition. 
 Convertible Notes due 2024 
 In November 2019, we completed the sale of million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2024 Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers fee of million, was approximately million. We also incurred debt issuance cost totaling million. Debt issuance costs and the initial purchasers fee were presented as a debt discount. 
 In January 2021, we notified the note holders of our irrevocable election to settle the principal of the 2024 Convertible Notes in cash and for the premium, to deliver shares of common stock. The conversion rate for the 2024 Convertible Notes was shares of common stock per 1,000 in principal amount of 2024 Convertible Notes, equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. The conversion rate was subject to adjustment. 
 In January 2023, we issued a notice for the redemption of 2024 Convertible Notes. Holders of the notes could convert their notes at any time prior to the close of the business day prior to the redemption date. In March 2023, holders of the notes elected to convert the 2024 Convertible Notes in full. In connection with the conversion, we paid approximately million in cash which included principal and accrued interest, and issued shares of our common stock representing the intrinsic value based on the contractual conversion rate. 

26 

2028 Convertible Notes Total principal amount 
 Unamortized debt discount 2027 Convertible Notes ) ) 2028 Convertible Notes ) ) Total unamortized debt discount ) ) Carrying amount 2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes Total carrying amount Fair value based on trading levels (Level 2) 
 2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes Total fair value of outstanding notes Remaining amortization per period of debt discount (in years) 
 2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes 

27 

2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes Total coupon interest Amortization of debt discount 2024 Convertible Notes 2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes Total amortization of debt discount Interest expense 2024 Convertible Notes 2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes Total interest expense Effective interest rates 2027 Convertible Notes 2028 Convertible Notes 
 Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 In May 2022, we entered into a credit agreement, which was subsequently amended in August 2022 (the Amendment ), with Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other lenders and L/C Issuers party thereto (the 2022 Credit Agreement ), evidencing a credit facility (the 2022 Facility that provides for (i) a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) a million term loan facility (the Term Facility ). Concurrently, with the entry into the Amendment, we repaid the entire outstanding Term Loan Facility and repaid all outstanding loans under the Revolving Credit Facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The 2022 Facility will mature on November 30, 2026 unless either the Revolving Credit Facility or the Term Facility is extended prior to such date in accordance with the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 The Term Facility requires quarterly scheduled repayments of the term loans in each of the first, second, third and fourth years following the closing in annual amounts equal to , , and of the initial principal amount of the term loans, respectively. The term loans are also subject to mandatory prepayments from the proceeds of certain asset sales, subject to our right to reinvest the proceeds thereof. 
 Borrowings under the 2022 Facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus: (a) the applicable Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (which includes a SOFR adjustment of ), or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus , (2) the Bank of America prime rate, (3) the Term SOFR rate for an interest period of one month plus , and (4) . The margin for the 2022 Facility ranges, based on our consolidated total net leverage ratio, from to in the case of base rate loans and from to in the case of Term SOFR rate loans. In addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal under the Facility, we will pay (i) a commitment fee in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder and (ii) customary letter of credit fees and agency fees. The commitment fees range from to per annum based on our consolidated net leverage ratio. 
 28 

million in third-party costs related to the 2022 Credit Agreement which are recorded as debt issuance cost within prepaid expenses and other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024, the unamortized debt issuance cost related to the revolving credit facility was million. 
 
 29 

8. 
 Selling, general and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 RSUs, PSUs and ESPP Total share-based compensation expense 
 We granted stock options to purchase approximately million and million shares of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The exercise price of stock options granted is equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model Black-Scholes Model ). Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock. The expected term of options granted is based on analyses of historical employee termination rates and option exercises. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The dividend yield assumption is based on the expectation of no future dividend payments. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Average expected term (in years) Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 In February 2021, our Board of Directors approved our 2021 ESPP and our stockholders approved the plan in May 2021. The ESPP enables eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at the end of each offering period at a price equal to of the fair market value of the shares on the first business day or the last business day of the offering period, whichever is lower. Share purchases are funded through payroll deduction of at least and up to of an employee s compensation for each payroll period, and no employee may purchase shares under the ESPP that exceeds worth of our common stock for a calendar year. As of September 30, 2024, shares were available for future purchase. The offering period is generally for a period and the first offering period commenced on June 16, 2021. Offering periods shall commence on or about the sixteenth day of June and December of each year and end on or about the fifteenth day of the next December and June, respectively, occurring thereafter. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares were issued pursuant to the ESPP. 
 30 

RSUs PSUs ESPP 
 
 31 

9. 
 and shares of common stock, respectively, in connection with the exercises of stock options at a weighted average exercise price of and per share, respectively, for net proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we issued and shares of common stock, respectively, upon vesting of certain RSUs and PSUs for which the RSU and PSU holders surrendered and RSUs and PSUs, respectively. Stock options and unvested restricted units totaling approximately million and million shares of our common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In December 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a second capital return program to repurchase up to million of outstanding stock over a period which we completed in June 2024. A total of million shares were repurchased over the period at an average price per share of . All shares repurchased under our capital return programs have been retired and have resumed their status of authorized and unissued shares. 
 In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new capital return program to repurchase up to million of our outstanding common stock. 

32 

10. 
 
 Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per share Dilutive potential common stock outstanding Stock options RSUs, PSUs and ESPP Convertible Notes Weighted average common shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 
 . 
 33 

11. 
 
 34 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to Halozyme, the Company, we, our, ours, and us refer to Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiaries, Halozyme, Inc., Antares Pharma Inc., and Antares Pharma Inc. s wholly owned subsidiaries, Antares Pharma IPL AG and Antares Pharma AG. References to Notes refer to the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included herein (refer to Item 1 of Part I). 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the audited financial statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Past financial or operating performance is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future performance, and our historical performance should not be used to anticipate results or future period trends. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, provisions of Section 21E of the securities and Exchange Act, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. All statements in this report other than statements of historical fact, included herein, including without limitation those regarding our future product development and regulatory events and goals, product collaborations, our business intentions and financial statements and anticipated results, are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, think, may, could, will, would, should, continue, potential, likely, opportunity, project and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development or regulatory approval of new partner products, enhancements of existing products or technologies, timing and success of the launch of new products by us and our partners, third-party performance under key collaboration agreements, the ability of our bulk drug and device part manufacturers to provide adequate supply for our partners, revenue, expense, cash burn levels and our ability to make timely repayments of debt, anticipated amounts and timing of share repurchases, anticipated profitability and expected trends and other statements regarding our plans and matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect management s current forecast of certain aspects of our future business, are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or implied in our forward-looking statements due to a number of factors including, but not limited to, the Risk Factors set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K referred to below under the section entitled Risks Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Overview 
 Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company advancing disruptive solutions to improve patient experiences and outcomes for emerging and established therapies. 
 As the innovators of ENHANZE drug delivery technology ENHANZE with our proprietary enzyme rHuPH20, our commercially validated solution is used to facilitate the subcutaneous SC delivery of injected drugs and fluids, with the goal of improving the patient experience with rapid SC delivery and reduced treatment burden. We license our technology to biopharmaceutical companies to collaboratively develop products that combine ENHANZE with our partners proprietary compounds. We also develop, manufacture and commercialize, for ourselves or with our partners, drug-device combination products using our advanced auto-injector technologies that are designed to provide commercial or functional advantages such as improved convenience, reliability and tolerability, and enhanced patient comfort and adherence. 
 35 

Our ENHANZE partners approved products and product candidates are based on rHuPH20, our patented recombinant human hyaluronidase enzyme. rHuPH20 works by breaking down hyaluronan HA ), a naturally occurring carbohydrate that is a major component of the extracellular matrix of the SC space. This temporarily reduces the barrier to bulk fluid flow allowing for improved and more rapid SC delivery of high dose, high volume injectable biologics, such as monoclonal antibodies and other large therapeutic molecules, as well as small molecules and fluids. We refer to the application of rHuPH20 to facilitate the delivery of other drugs or fluids as ENHANZE. We license our ENHANZE technology to form collaborations with biopharmaceutical companies that develop and/or market drugs requiring or benefiting from injection via the SC route of administration. In the development of proprietary intravenous IV drugs combined with our ENHANZE technology, data have been generated supporting the potential for ENHANZE to reduce patient treatment burden, as a result of shorter duration of SC administration with ENHANZE compared to IV administration. ENHANZE may enable fixed-dose SC dosing compared to weight-based dosing typically required for IV administration, extend the dosing interval for drugs that are already administered subcutaneously and potentially allow for lower rates of infusion-related reactions. ENHANZE may enable more flexible treatment options such as home administration by a healthcare professional or potentially the patient or caregiver. Lastly, certain proprietary drugs co-formulated with ENHANZE have been granted additional exclusivity, extending the patent life of the product beyond the patent expiry of the proprietary IV drug. 
 We currently have ENHANZE collaborations and licensing agreements with F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd. and Hoffmann-La Roche, Inc. Roche ), Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG and Baxalta US Inc. Takeda ), Pfizer Inc. Pfizer ), Janssen Biotech, Inc. Janssen ), AbbVie, Inc. AbbVie ), Eli Lilly and Company Lilly ), Bristol Myers Squibb Company BMS ), argenx BVBA argenx ), ViiV Healthcare (the global specialist HIV Company majority owned by GlaxoSmithKline) ViiV ), Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Chugai and Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Acumen ). In addition to receiving upfront licensing fees from our ENHANZE collaborations, we are entitled to receive event and sales-based milestone payments, revenues from the sale of bulk rHuPH20 and royalties from commercial sales of approved partner products co-formulated with ENHANZE. We currently earn royalties from the sales of eight commercial products including sales of one commercial product from each of the Takeda, Janssen and argenx collaborations and five commercial products from the Roche collaboration. 
 We have commercialized auto-injector products with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. Teva and Otter Pharmaceuticals, LLC Otter ). We have development programs including auto-injectors with Idorsia Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Idorsia ). 
 Our commercial portfolio of proprietary products includes Hylenex , utilizing rHuPH20, and our specialty product XYOSTED , utilizing our auto-injector technology. 
 36 

Our third quarter of 2024 and recent key events are as follows: 
 Partners 
 In October 2024, argenx initiated two studies evaluating VYVGART Hytrulo with ENHANZE, a Phase 3 study for adult patients with ocular myasthenia gravis oMG and a Phase 2 study for kidney transplant recipients with antibody mediated rejection AMR ). 
 In October 2024, Janssen announced the European Commission EC approved DARZALEX SC for the treatment of patients newly diagnosed with multiple myeloma NDMM who are eligible for autologous stem cell transplant ASCT in combination with bortezomib, lenalidomide, and dexamethasone D-VRd ). 
 In September 2024, argenx expanded its global collaboration and license agreement nominating four additional targets that provides them exclusive access to our ENHANZE drug delivery technology for a total of six targets. Under the terms of the expanded exclusive agreement, we received upfront payments of 7.5 million per target nomination for a total of 30.0 million. argenx is obligated to make future milestone payments of up to 85.0 million per new nominated target, subject to achievements of specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestones. We are also entitled to receive royalties on net sales of commercialized products with our ENHANZE technology. 
 In September 2024, ViiV expanded its global collaboration and license agreement providing ViiV the ability to exclusively access our ENHANZE drug delivery technology for one additional undisclosed target. 
 In September 2024, Roche announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approved OCREVUS ZUNOVO with ENHANZE as a twice a year ten-minute SC injection for the treatment of relapsing multiple sclerosis RMS and primary progressive multiple sclerosis PPMS ). 
 In September 2024, Roche announced the FDA approved TECENTRIQ HYBREZA with ENHANZE for all approved adult indications of IV TECENTRIQ and was made available to patients, resulting in a 12.0 million milestone payment. 
 In September 2024, Janssen announced the submission of a supplemental Biologic License Application sBLA to the FDA for approval of a new indication of DARZALEX FASPRO in combination with D-VRd for the treatment of adult patients with NDMM for whom ASCT is deferred or who are ineligible for ASCT. 
 In August 2024, the FDA designated Janssen s Biologics License Application BLA priority review status for amivantamab SC in combination with LAZCLUZE for currently approved or submitted indication of IV in certain patients with NSCLC. 
 In August 2024, Takeda submitted a New Drug Application NDA in Japan seeking approval for TAK-771 with ENHANZE for treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy CIDP )/Multifocal Motor Neuropathy MMN ). 
 In July 2024, Janssen announced the FDA approved DARZALEX FASPRO for an additional indication in NDMM patients who are eligible for ASCT in combination with D-VRd. 
 In July 2024, argenx announced the National Medical Products Administration NMPA approved the BLA of efgartigimod SC for generalized myasthenia gravis gMG in China. 
 In July 2024, Acumen initiated a Phase 1 study of sabirnetug ACU193 co-formulated with ENHANZE for the treatment of early Alzheimer s disease. 
 
 37 

Product and Product Candidates 
 The following table summarizes our marketed proprietary products and product candidates under development and our marketed partnered products and product candidates under development with our partners: 

38 

39 

Proprietary Products and Product Candidates 
 Hylenex Recombinant (hyaluronidase human injection) 
 We market and sell Hylenex recombinant which is a formulation of rHuPH20 that facilitates SC administration for achieving hydration, increases the dispersion and absorption of other injected drugs and, in SC urography, to improve resorption of radiopaque agents. Hylenex recombinant is currently the number one prescribed branded hyaluronidase. 
 XYOSTED (testosterone enanthate) Injection 
 We market and sell our proprietary product XYOSTED for SC administration of testosterone replacement therapy TRT in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone (primary or hypogonadism). XYOSTED is the only FDA-approved SC testosterone enanthate product for once-weekly, at-home self-administration and is approved and marketed in the United States U.S. in three dosage strengths, 50 mg, 75 mg and 100 mg. 
 ATRS - 1902 
 We have an ongoing program to develop a proprietary drug device combination product for the endocrinology market, for patients who require additional supplemental hydrocortisone, identified as ATRS-1902. The development program uses a novel proprietary auto-injector platform to deliver a liquid stable formulation of hydrocortisone. 
 In June 2021, we submitted an investigational new drug IND application with the FDA for the initiation of a Phase 1 clinical study of ATRS-1902 for adrenal crisis rescue. The IND application included the protocol for an initial clinical study to compare the pharmacokinetics PK profile of our novel formulation of hydrocortisone versus Solu-Cortef , which is an anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid and is the current standard of care for the management of acute adrenal crises. 
 In July 2021, the FDA accepted our IND for ATRS-1902 enabling us to initiate our Phase 1 clinical study. The Phase 1 clinical study, designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and PK of a liquid stable formulation of hydrocortisone, was initiated in September 2021. The study was a cross-over design to establish the PK profile of ATRS-1902 (100 mg) compared to Solu-Cortef (100 mg), the reference-listed drug, in 32 healthy adults. 
 In January 2022, we announced the positive results from the Phase 1 clinical study and were granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. The positive results supported the advancement of our ATRS-1902 development program to a pivotal study for the treatment of acute adrenal insufficiency, using our Vai novel proprietary rescue pen platform to deliver a liquid stable formulation of hydrocortisone. 
 Partnered Products 
 ENHANZE Collaborations 
 Roche Collaboration 
 In December 2006, we and Roche entered into a collaboration and license agreement under which Roche obtained a worldwide license to develop and commercialize product combinations of rHuPH20 and up to twelve Roche target compounds (the Roche Collaboration ). Under this agreement, Roche elected a total of eight targets, two of which are exclusive. 
 In September 2013, Roche launched a SC formulation of Herceptin (trastuzumab) (Herceptin SC) in Europe for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive breast cancer followed by launches in additional countries. This formulation utilizes our ENHANZE technology and is administered in two to five minutes, compared to 30 to 90 minutes with the standard IV form. Herceptin SC has since received approval in Canada, the U.S. (under the brand name Herceptin Hylecta and China. 
 In June 2020, the FDA approved the fixed-dose combination of Perjeta (pertuzumab) and Herceptin for SC injection (Phesgo utilizing ENHANZE technology for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive breast cancer. Phesgo has since received approval in Europe and China. In September 2023, Chugai (a Member of the Roche Group) announced that it had obtained regulatory approval for Phesgo from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare MHLW in Japan. We receive royalties for Phesgo sales in Japan as part of our licensing agreement with Roche. 
 40 

In June 2014, Roche launched MabThera SC in Europe for the treatment of patients with common forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma NHL ), followed by launches in additional countries. This formulation utilizes our ENHANZE technology and is administered in approximately five minutes compared to the approximate one and a half to four hour IV infusion. In May 2016, Roche announced that the EMA approved MabThera SC to treat patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia CLL ). In June 2017, the FDA-approved Genentech s RITUXAN HYCELA , a combination of rituximab using ENHANZE technology (approved and marketed under the MabThera SC brand in countries outside the U.S. and Canada), for CLL and two types of NHL, follicular lymphoma and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma DLBCL ). In March 2018, Health Canada approved a combination of rituximab and ENHANZE (approved and marketed under the brand name RITUXAN SC) for patients with CLL. In April 2024, Roche s MabThera SC was approved by the China NMPA to treat DLBCL. 
 In September 2017 and October 2018, we entered into agreements with Roche to develop and commercialize additional exclusive targets using ENHANZE technology. The upfront license payment may be followed by event-based payments subject to Roche s achievement of specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestones. In addition, Roche will pay royalties to us if products under the collaboration are commercialized. 
 In August 2023, Roche announced the approval of TECENTRIQ SC with ENHANZE by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA in the United Kingdom. In January 2024, Roche received EC marketing authorization for TECENTRIQ SC. In September 2024, Roche announced the FDA approved TECENTRIQ HYBREZA with ENHANZE. TECENTRIQ SC enables SC delivery in approximately seven minutes, compared with 30-60 minutes for IV infusion, and is approved for all adult indications of TECENTRIQ IV. 
 In June 2024, Roche announced the EC granted marketing authorization in the European Union EU for OCREVUS SC as a twice a year ten-minute SC injection for patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis MS or RMS or PMS. In July 2024, Roche announced the MHRA approved OCREVUS SC in the United Kingdom. In September 2024, Roche announced the FDA approved OCREVUS ZUNOVO with ENHANZE. 
 In October 2019, Roche nominated a new undisclosed exclusive target to be studied using ENHANZE technology. In November 2021, Roche initiated a Phase 1 study with the undisclosed target and ENHANZE. 
 Takeda Collaboration 
 In September 2007, we and Takeda entered into a collaboration and license agreement under which Takeda obtained a worldwide, exclusive license to develop and commercialize product combinations of rHuPH20 with GAMMAGARD LIQUID (HYQVIA (the Takeda Collaboration ). HYQVIA is indicated for the treatment of primary immunodeficiency disorders associated with defects in the immune system. 
 In May 2013, the EC granted Takeda marketing authorization in all EU Member States for the use of HYQVIA as replacement therapy for adult patients with primary and secondary immunodeficiencies. Takeda launched HYQVIA in the first EU country in July 2013 and has continued to launch in additional countries. In May 2016, Takeda announced that HYQVIA received a marketing authorization from the EC for a pediatric indication. 
 In September 2014, HYQVIA was approved by the FDA for treatment of adult patients with primary immunodeficiency in the U.S. HYQVIA is the first SC immune globulin IG treatment approved for adult primary immunodeficiency patients with a dosing regimen requiring only one infusion up to once per month (every three to four weeks) and one injection site per infusion in most patients, to deliver a full therapeutic dose of IG. 
 In September 2020, Takeda announced the EMA approved a label update for HYQVIA broadening its use and making it the first and only facilitated SC immunoglobulin replacement therapy in adults, adolescents and children with an expanded range of secondary immunodeficiencies SID ). 
 In October 2021, Takeda initiated a Phase 1 single-dose, single-center, open-label, three-arm study to assess the tolerability and safety of immune globulin SC (human), 20 solution with ENHANZE (TAK-881) at various infusion rates in healthy adult subjects. In October 2023, Takeda initiated a Phase 2/3 study to evaluate PK, safety, and tolerability of subcutaneous administration of TAK-881 in adult and pediatric participants with Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases PIDD ). 
 In July 2022, Takeda announced positive topline results from a pivotal Phase 3 trial evaluating HYQVIA, for maintenance treatment of CIDP. In June 2023, Takeda announced positive full results from a pivotal Phase 3 trial evaluating HYQVIA for maintenance treatment of CIDP and confirmed regulatory applications were under review in the U.S. and EU for HYQVIA use as a maintenance therapy in adults with stable CIDP. In January 2024, Takeda received FDA and EC approval for HYQVIA for the treatment of CIDP. 
 41 

In April 2023, Takeda announced the FDA approved the sBLA to expand the use of HYQVIA to treat primary immunodeficiency in children. In February 2024, Takeda submitted a NDA in Japan seeking approval for TAK-771, subcutaneous 10 human immunoglobulin with ENHANZE, for treatment of primary immunodeficiency. In June 2024, Takeda announced Health Canada approved HYQVIA as replacement therapy for primary humoral immunodeficiency and secondary humoral immunodeficiency in pediatric patients two years of age and older. In August 2024, Takeda submitted a NDA in Japan seeking approval for TAK-771 with ENHANZE for treatment of CIDP/MMN. 
 Pfizer Collaboration 
 In December 2012, we and Pfizer entered into a collaboration and license agreement, under which Pfizer has the worldwide license to develop and commercialize products combining our rHuPH20 enzyme with Pfizer proprietary biologics in primary care and specialty care indications. Pfizer currently has one non-exclusive target. 
 Janssen Collaboration 
 In December 2014, we and Janssen entered into a collaboration and license agreement, under which Janssen has the worldwide license to develop and commercialize products combining our rHuPH20 enzyme with Janssen proprietary biologics directed to up to five targets. Targets may be selected on an exclusive basis. Janssen elected CD38 and initiated several Phase 3 studies, Phase 2 studies and Phase 1 studies of DARZALEX (daratumumab), directed at CD38, using ENHANZE technology in patients with amyloidosis, smoldering myeloma and multiple myeloma. 
 In May 2020, Janssen launched the commercial sale of DARZALEX FASPRO (DARZALEX utilizing ENHANZE technology) in four regimens across five indications in multiple myeloma patients, including newly diagnosed, transplant-ineligible patients as well as relapsed or refractory patients. As a fixed-dose formulation, DARZALEX FASPRO can be administered over three to five minutes, significantly less time than DARZALEX IV which requires multi-hour infusions. In June 2020, we announced that Janssen received European marketing authorization and launched the commercial sale of DARZALEX SC utilizing ENHANZE in the EU. Subsequent to these approvals, Janssen received several additional regulatory approvals for additional indications and patient populations in the U.S., EU, Japan and China. Beginning with the U.S., Janssen has marketing authorization for DARZALEX FASPRO in combination with bortezomib, thalidomide, and dexamethasone in NDMM patients who are eligible for autologous stem cell transplant, in combination with bortezomib, cyclophosphamide and dexamethasone D-VCd for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed AL amyloidosis, in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone D-Pd for patients with multiple myeloma after first or subsequent relapse, and in combination with Kyprolis (carfilzomib) and dexamethasone for patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior lines of therapy. In the EU, Janssen has marketing authorization for DARZALEX SC in combination with D-VCd in newly diagnosed adult patients with AL amyloidosis and in combination with D-Pd in adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. In Japan, Janssen has marketing authorization for the SC formulation of DARZALEX (known as DARZQURO) for the treatment of multiple myeloma and systemic AL amyloidosis. In China, Janssen has marketing authorization for DARZALEX SC for the treatment of primary light chain amyloidosis, in combination with D-VCd in newly diagnosed patients. In July 2024, Janssen announced the FDA approved DARZALEX FASPRO in combination with D-VRd for induction and consolidation treatment and with lenalidomide D-R for maintenance treatment of adult patients who are NDMM and are eligible for autologous stem cell transplant ASCT with approval also received by the EC in October 2024. In September 2024, Janssen announced the submission of a sBLA to the FDA for approval of a new indication of DARZALEX FASPRO in combination with D-VRd for the treatment of adult patients with NDMM for whom ASCT is deferred or who are ineligible for ASCT. 
 In December 2019, Janssen elected epidermal growth factor receptor EGFR and mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor cMET as a bispecific antibody (amivantamab) target on an exclusive basis, which is being studied in solid tumors. In September 2022, following a Phase 1 study, Janssen initiated a Phase 3 study of lazertinib and amivantamab with ENHANZE in patients with EGFR-mutated advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (PALOMA-3). In November 2022, Janssen initiated a Phase 2 study of amivantamab with ENHANZE in multiple regimens in patients with advanced or metastatic solid tumors including EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer (PALOMA-2). In May 2024, Janssen announced positive data from the Phase 3 PALOMA-3 study which supported the submission of a marketing authorization application to the EMA for SC formulation of RYBREVANT (amivantamab) with ENHANZE for the treatment of patients with EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer NSCLC ). In June 2024, Janssen announced the submission of a BLA to the FDA for amivantamab SC co-formulated with ENHANZE also for patients with EGFR-mutated NSCLC. The administration time for SC amivantamab was reduced to approximately five minutes from five hours for the first IV amivantamab infusion (across two days) and showed a five-fold reduction in infusion-related reactions. SC amivantamab also demonstrated longer overall survival, progression-free survival and duration of response. In August 2024, the FDA designated Janssen s BLA priority review status for amivantamab SC in combination with LAZCLUZE for currently approved or submitted indication of IV in certain patients with NSCLC. 
 42 

AbbVie Collaboration 
 In June 2015, we and AbbVie entered into a collaboration and license agreement, under which AbbVie has the worldwide license to develop and commercialize products combining our rHuPH20 enzyme with AbbVie proprietary biologics directed to up to nine targets. Targets may be selected on an exclusive basis. 
 Lilly Collaboration 
 In December 2015, we and Lilly entered into a collaboration and license agreement, under which Lilly has the worldwide license to develop and commercialize products combining our rHuPH20 enzyme with Lilly proprietary biologics. Lilly currently has the right to select up to three targets. Targets may be selected on an exclusive basis. 
 BMS Collaboration 
 In September 2017, we and BMS entered into a collaboration and license agreement, which became effective in November 2017, under which BMS had the worldwide license to develop and commercialize products combining our rHuPH20 enzyme with BMS products directed at up to eleven targets. Targets may be selected on an exclusive basis or non-exclusive basis. BMS has designated multiple immuno-oncology targets including programmed death 1 PD-1 and has an option to select three additional targets by September 2026. In October 2019, BMS initiated a Phase 1 study of relatlimab, an anti-LAG-3 antibody, in combination with nivolumab using ENHANZE technology. In May 2021, BMS initiated a Phase 3 of nivolumab using ENHANZE technology for patients with advanced or metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma (CheckMate-67T), leveraging data and insights from Phase 1/2 CA209-8KX study in patients with solid tumors. In October 2023, BMS reported positive top-line data from the Phase 3 CheckMate-67T trial evaluating a SC formulation of Opdivo (nivolumab) with ENHANZE in patients with advanced or metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma ccRCC who have received prior systemic therapy. The study met its co-primary PK endpoints and a key secondary endpoint. In May 2024, BMS announced that the FDA accepted its BLA for the subcutaneous formulation of Opdivo (nivolumab) co-formulated with ENHANZE and assigned a PDUFA goal date of February 28, 2025. In May 2024, BMS announced the FDA assigned an updated PDUFA goal date of December 29, 2024 for the subcutaneous formulation of Opdivo (nivolumab) co-formulated with ENHANZE. In June 2024, BMS announced the EMA validated its Extension Application for the subcutaneous formulation of Opdivo (nivolumab) co-formulated with ENHANZE. 
 In March 2023, BMS initiated a Phase 3 trial to demonstrate the drug exposure levels of nivolumab and relatlimab fixed-dose combination with ENHANZE is not inferior to IV administration in participants with previously untreated metastatic or unresectable melanoma (RELATIVITY-127). 
 argenx Collaboration 
 In February 2019, we and argenx entered into an agreement for the right to develop and commercialize one exclusive target, the human neonatal Fc receptor FcRn, which includes argenx s lead asset efgartigimod (ARGX-113), and an option to select two additional targets using ENHANZE technology. In May 2019, argenx nominated a second target to be studied using ENHANZE technology, a human complement factor C2 associated with the product candidate ARGX-117, which is being developed to treat severe autoimmune diseases in MMN. In October 2020, we and argenx entered into an agreement to expand the collaboration relationship, adding three targets for a total of up to six targets under the collaboration. In September 2024, argenx nominated four additional targets under its global collaboration and license agreement that provides them with exclusive access to our ENHANZE drug delivery technology for these targets, for a total of six targets. 
 In June 2023, argenx received FDA approval under the brand name VYVGART Hytrulo for the injection with ENHANZE for SC use of treatment of gMG in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor AChR antibody positive. In November 2023, argenx received EC approval of VYVGART SC for the treatment of gMG, which also provides the option for patient self-administration. In January 2024, argenx received Japan approval for VYVDURA (efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase-qvfc) co-formulated with ENHANZE for the treatment of adult patients with gMG including options for self-administration. In July 2024, argenx announced the NMPA approved the BLA of efgartigimod alfa SC (efgartigimod SC) for gMG patients in China. 
 In July 2023, argenx reported positive data from the ADHERE study evaluating VYVGART Hytrulo with ENHANZE in adults with CIDP. In June 2024, argenx announced the FDA approved VYVGART Hytrulo with ENHANZE for the treatment of CIDP. In the second quarter of 2024, argenx completed the regulatory submissions of VYVGART SC for CIDP for regulatory approval in Japan, Europe, and China. Submission to Canadian Health Authorities for regulatory approval is expected in 2024. In September 2023, Zai Lab limited (argenx commercial partner for China) announced the Center for Drug Evaluation CDE of the NMPA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for efgartigimod SC for the treatment of patients with CIDP. 
 43 

argenx is currently conducting the following studies with the goal of expanding approved indications for efgartigimod with ENHANZE: Phase 2/3 (ALKIVIA) study in active idiopathic inflammatory myopathy (Myositis), two registrational studies in thyroid eye disease TED ), Phase 2 (Shamrock) study for kidney transplant recipients with AMR and Phase 3 (ADAPT oculus) study for adult patients with oMG. Evaluation is ongoing to determine the path forward in BALLAD study evaluating efgartigimod in bullous pemphigoid BP with an update expected in 2024. 
 ViiV Healthcare Collaboration 
 In June 2021, we and ViiV entered into a global collaboration and license agreement that gives ViiV exclusive access to our ENHANZE technology for four specific small and large molecule targets for the treatment and prevention of HIV. These targets are integrase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors limited to nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors NRTI and nucleoside reverse transcriptase translocation inhibitors NRTTIs ), capsid inhibitors and broadly neutralising monoclonal antibodies bNAbs ), that bind to the gp120 CD4 binding site. In February 2022, ViiV initiated enrollment of a Phase 1 study to evaluate the safety and PKs of N6LS, a broadly neutralizing antibody, administered subcutaneously with ENHANZE technology. In June 2022, ViiV initiated enrollment of a Phase 1 single dose escalation study to evaluate PKs, safety and tolerability of long-acting cabotegravir administered subcutaneously with ENHANZE technology. In August 2023, ViiV initiated a Phase 2b study to evaluate the efficacy, safety, PKs and tolerability of VH3810109 (N6LS) administered subcutaneously with rHuPH20 in combination with cabotegravir. In the third quarter of 2023, ViiV initiated a Phase 1 study with ENHANZE for an undisclosed program. In March 2024, ViiV initiated a Phase 1 study of VH4524184 with ENHANZE to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics in healthy adults. 
 In September 2024, we and ViiV expanded the existing global collaboration and license agreement, providing ViiV exclusive access to our ENHANZE drug delivery technology for one additional undisclosed target. 
 Chugai Collaboration 
 In March 2022, we and Chugai entered into a global collaboration and license agreement that gives Chugai exclusive access to ENHANZE technology for an undisclosed target. Chugai intends to explore the potential use of ENHANZE for a Chugai drug candidate. In May 2022, Chugai initiated a Phase 1 study to evaluate the PKs, pharmacodynamics, and safety of a targeted antibody administered subcutaneously with ENHANZE. 
 Acumen Collaboration 
 In November 2023, we and Acumen entered into a global collaboration and non-exclusive license agreement that provides Acumen access to ENHANZE for a single target. Acumen intends to explore the potential use of ENHANZE for ACU193, Acumen s clinical stage monoclonal antibody candidate to target Amyloid- Oligomers for the treatment of early Alzheimer s disease. In May 2024, Acumen initiated a Phase 2 IV study for ACU193. In July 2024, Acumen initiated a Phase 1 study of sabirnetug (ACU193) with ENHANZE to compare the PK between SC and IV administrations in healthy volunteers. 
 Device and Other Drug Product Collaborations 
 Teva License, Development and Supply Agreements 
 In July 2006, we entered into an exclusive license, development and supply agreement with Teva for an epinephrine auto- injector product to be marketed in the U.S. and Canada. We are the exclusive supplier of the device, which we developed, for Teva s generic Epinephrine Injection USP products, indicated for emergency treatment of severe allergic reactions including those that are life threatening (anaphylaxis) in adults and certain pediatric patients. Teva s Epinephrine Injection, utilizing our patented VIBEX injection technology, was approved by the FDA as a generic drug product with an AB rating, meaning that it is therapeutically equivalent to the branded products EpiPen and EpiPen Jr and therefore, subject to state law, substitutable at the pharmacy. 
 In December 2007, we entered into a license, development and supply agreement with Teva under which we developed and supply a disposable pen injector for teriparatide. Under the agreement, we received an upfront payment and development milestones, and are entitled to receive royalties on net product sales by Teva in territories where commercialized. We are the exclusive supplier of the multi-dose pen, which we developed, used in Teva s generic teriparatide injection product. In 2020, Teva launched Teriparatide Injection, the generic version of Eli Lilly s branded product Forsteo featuring our multi-dose pen platform, for commercial sale in several countries outside of the U.S. In November 2023, Teva announced FDA approval of the generic version of Forteo, featuring our multi-dose auto-injector pen platform for the treatment of osteoporosis among certain women and men. 
 44 

Pfizer Agreement 
 In August 2018, we entered into a development agreement with Pfizer to jointly develop a combination drug device rescue pen utilizing the QuickShot auto-injector and an undisclosed Pfizer drug. Pfizer has provided the intellectual property rights for further development of the product to us and has retained an option to assist in the marketing, distribution and sale if we complete development of the product and submit for regulatory approval. We are continuing to evaluate the next steps for this program. 
 Idorsia Agreement 
 In November 2019, we entered into a global agreement with Idorsia to develop a novel, drug-device product containing selatogrel. A new chemical entity, selatogrel is being developed for the treatment of a suspected acute myocardial infarction AMI in adult patients with a history of AMI. 
 In March 2024, the recruitment of the Phase 3 study with selatogrel for acute myocardial infarction had reached approximately 6,000 patients. 
 Otter Agreement 
 In December 2021, we entered into a supply agreement with Otter to manufacture the VIBEX auto-injection system device, designed and developed to incorporate a pre-filled syringe for delivery of methotrexate, assemble, package, label and supply the final OTREXUP product and related samples to Otter at cost plus mark-up. Otter is responsible for manufacturing, formulation and testing of methotrexate and the corresponding pre-filled syringe for assembly with the device manufactured by us, along with the commercialization and distribution of OTREXUP. OTREXUP is a SC methotrexate injection for once weekly self-administration with an easy-to-use, single dose, disposable auto injector, indicated for adults with severe active rheumatoid arthritis RA ), children with active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and adults with severe recalcitrant psoriasis. Further, we entered into a license agreement with Otter in which we granted Otter a worldwide, exclusive, fully paid-up license to certain patents relating to OTREXUP that may also relate to our other products for Otter to commercialize and otherwise exploit OTREXUP in the field as defined in the license agreement. 
 45 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Royalties Royalties were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Royalties 155,061 114,433 40,628 36 
 The increase in royalties was primarily driven by continued sales uptake of DARZALEX SC by Janssen and Phesgo by Roche in all geographies, and the prior year launch of VYVGART Hytrulo by argenx. We expect royalty revenue to further grow as a result of anticipated increasing partner product sales of DARZALEX SC and Phesgo, and sales of recently launched ENHANZE partner products, VYVGART Hytrulo, TECENTRIQ SC and OCREVUS SC. We expect modest price erosion to continue on earlier launched ENHANZE partner products, Herceptin and MabThera. 
 Product Sales, Net Product sales, net were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Proprietary product sales 
 39,925 31,511 8,414 27 Bulk rHuPH20 sales 
 31,493 37,001 (5,508) (15) Device partnered product sales 
 15,241 18,057 (2,816) (16) Total product sales, net 86,659 86,569 90 
 Product sales, net were flat primarily due to contributions from our proprietary products, offset by lower sales of device partner products and bulk rHuPH20 driven by the timing of partner demand. We expect sales of our proprietary products will continue to grow in future years as we continue to gain market share in the TRT market. We expect product sales of bulk rHuPH20 and device partnered products to fluctuate in future periods based on the needs of our partners. 
 Revenues Under Collaborative Agreements Revenues under collaborative agreements were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Upfront license fees, license fees for the election of additional targets, event-based payments, license maintenance fees and amortization of deferred upfront and other license fees: Upfront license and target nomination fees 27,000 27,000 100 Event-based development milestones and regulatory milestones and other fees 18,000 13,000 5,000 38 Device licensing and development revenue 3,364 2,031 1,333 66 Total revenues under collaborative agreements 48,364 15,031 33,333 222 
 The increase in revenues under collaborative agreements was primarily due to the timing of milestones achieved. Revenue from upfront licenses fees, license fees for the election of additional targets, license maintenance fees and other license fees and event-based payments vary from period to period based on our ENHANZE collaboration activity. We expect these revenues to continue to fluctuate in future periods based on our partners ability to meet various clinical and regulatory milestones set forth in such agreements and our ability to obtain new collaborative agreements. 
 
 46 

Operating expenses Operating expenses were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Cost of sales 49,426 54,823 (5,397) (10) Amortization of intangibles 17,762 20,341 (2,579) (13) Research and development 18,458 17,321 1,137 7 Selling, general and administrative 41,241 35,269 5,972 17 
 Cost of Sales Cost of sales consists primarily of raw materials, third-party manufacturing costs, fill and finish costs, freight costs, internal costs and manufacturing overhead associated with the production of our proprietary products, device partnered products and bulk rHuPH20. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily due to lower device and bulk rHuPH20 sales. 
 Amortization of intangibles Amortization of intangibles consists primarily of expense associated with the amortization of acquired device technologies and product rights. The decrease in amortization of intangibles expense was primarily due to an impairment charge of 2.5 million recognized in the prior year to fully impair the TLANDO product rights intangible asset. 
 Research and Development Research and development expenses consist of external costs, salaries and benefits and allocation of facilities and other overhead expenses related to research manufacturing, preclinical and regulatory activities related to our collaborations, and our development platforms. The modest increase in research and development expense was primarily due to increased compensation expense. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for personnel in executive, selling and administrative functions as well as professional fees for legal and accounting, business development, commercial operations support for proprietary products and alliance management and marketing support for our collaborations. The increase in SG A expense was primarily due to increased compensation expense and consulting and professional service fees. 
 Investment and other income , net investment and other income, net was as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Investment and other income, net 6,474 4,786 1,688 35 
 Investment and other income, net consists primarily of interest income on our cash, cash-equivalent and marketable securities. The increase in investment and other income, net was primarily due to an increase in the average invested balance. 
 Interest Expense Interest expense was as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Interest expense 4,524 4,505 19 
 Interest expense consists primarily of costs related to our convertible notes and revolving credit facility. Interest expense was flat year over year. 
 Income Tax Expense Income tax expense was as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Income tax expense 28,136 19,923 8,213 41 
 The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to higher income before income tax expense, partially offset by an increase in tax benefits mainly related to a share-based compensation windfall and a Foreign Derived Intangible Income FDII deduction recognized in the current period. Our annual effective tax rate is estimated to be approximately 19 for 2024, which differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease from a share-based compensation windfall tax benefit, FDII deduction, and research and development credit generation, partially offset by state income tax and Section 162(m) disallowance. 
 47 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Royalties Royalties were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Royalties 400,572 325,813 74,759 23 
 The increase in royalties was primarily driven by continued sales uptake of DARZALEX SC by Janssen and Phesgo by Roche in all geographies, and the prior year launch of Vyvgart Hytrulo by argenx. 
 Product Sales, Net Product sales, net were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Sales of proprietary products 119,319 91,765 27,554 30 Sales of bulk rHuPH20 66,637 86,203 (19,566) (23) Sales of device partnered product 38,172 43,284 (5,112) (12) Total product sales, net 224,128 221,252 2,876 1 
 The increase in product sales, net was primarily due to contributions from our proprietary products, partially offset by lower sales of bulk rHuPH20 and device partnered products driven by the timing of partner demand. 
 Revenues Under Collaborative Agreements Revenues under collaborative agreements were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Upfront license fees, license fees for the election of additional targets, event-based payments, license maintenance fees and amortization of deferred upfront and other license fees: Upfront license and target nomination fees 27,000 27,000 100 Event-based development milestones and regulatory milestones and other fees 57,500 46,000 11,500 25 Device licensing and development revenue 8,116 6,149 1,967 32 Total revenues under collaborative agreements 92,616 52,149 40,467 78 
 The increase in revenues under collaborative agreements was primarily due to the timing of milestones achieved. 
 Operating expenses - Operating expenses were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Cost of sales 117,362 140,063 (22,701) (16) Amortization of intangibles 53,287 56,011 (2,724) (5) Research and development 58,607 55,027 3,580 7 Selling, general and administrative 112,086 111,574 512 
 Cost of Sales The decrease in cost of sales was primarily due to lower bulk rHuPH20 and device sales, partially offset by higher proprietary product sales. 
 Amortization of intangibles The decrease in amortization of intangibles expense was primarily due to an impairment charge of 2.5 million recognized in the prior year to fully impair the TLANDO product rights intangible asset. 
 Research and Development The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to planned investments in ENHANZE related to the development of our new high-yield rHuPH20 manufacturing processes. 
 Selling, General and Administrative The increase in SG A expense was primarily due to increased compensation expense and consulting and professional service fees, partially offset by planned reductions in commercial marketing expense. 
 48 

Investment and other income , net - Investment and other income, net was as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Investment and other income, net 16,499 10,957 5,542 51 
 The increase in investment and other income, net was primarily due to an increase in the average invested balance. 
 Interest Expense Interest expense was as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Interest expense 13,555 13,542 13 
 Interest expense was flat year over year. 
 Income Tax Expense Income tax expense was as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended Increase / (Decrease) September 30, 2024 2023 Dollar 
 Percentage 
 Income tax expense 71,839 50,948 20,891 41 
 The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to higher income before income tax expense, partially offset by an increase in tax benefits mainly related to with a share-based compensation windfall and a FDII deduction recognized during the current period. 
 
 49 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 666.3 million. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We expect to fund our operations going forward with existing cash resources, anticipated revenues from our existing collaborative agreements and cash that we may raise through future transactions. We may raise cash through any one of the following financing vehicles: (i) new collaborative agreements; (ii) expansions or revisions to existing collaborative relationships; (iii) private financings; (iv) other equity or debt financings; (v) monetizing assets; and/or (vi) the public offering of securities. 
 We may, in the future, draw on our existing line of credit or offer and sell additional equity, debt securities and warrants to purchase any of such securities, either individually or in units to raise capital for additional working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, acquisitions or for other general corporate purposes. 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 300,597 286,217 14,380 Net cash used in investing activities (292,203) (88,618) (203,585) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 27,554 (158,067) 185,621 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 35,948 39,532 (3,584) 
 Operating Activities 
 The increase in net cash provided by operations was primarily due to an increase in revenue, partially offset by higher working capital spend. 
 Investing Activities 
 The increase in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to an increase in net purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by a decrease in capital spend for property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 The decrease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to the repurchase of 150.1 million in common stock in the prior year and 13.5 million in cash paid on the conversion of our 2024 Convertible Notes in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our equity incentive plan. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In December 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 750.0 million of our outstanding common stock which we completed in June 2024. In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new capital return program to repurchase up to 750.0 million of our outstanding common stock. Refer to Note 9, Stockholders Equity , of our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our share repurchases. 
 50 

Long-Term Debt 
 1.00 Convertible Notes due 2028 
 In August 2022, we completed the sale of 720.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2028 Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers fee of 18.0 million, was approximately 702.0 million. We also incurred additional debt issuance costs totaling 1.0 million. Debt issuance costs and the initial purchasers fee are presented as a debt discount. 
 The 2028 Convertible Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on February 15th and August 15th of each year at an annual rate of 1.00 . The 2028 Convertible Notes are general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2028 Convertible Notes, rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, are effectively junior to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our current or future subsidiaries. The 2028 Convertible Notes have a maturity date of August 15, 2028. 
 Holders may convert their 2028 Convertible Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2022, if the last reported sale price per share of common stock exceeds 130 of the conversion price for each of at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the five consecutive business days immediately after any five consecutive trading day period (such five consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as described in the offering memorandum for the 2028 Convertible Notes; (4) if we call such notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, February 15, 2028 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, the 2028 Convertible Notes were not convertible. 
 Upon conversion, we will pay cash for the settlement of principal, and for the premium, if applicable, we will pay cash, deliver shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate for the 2028 Convertible Notes is 17.8517 shares of common stock per 1,000 in principal amount of 2028 Convertible Notes, equivalent to a conversion price of approximately 56.02 per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued or unpaid interest. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the offering of the 2028 Convertible Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties (the Capped Call Transactions ). The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to holders of our common stock upon conversion of the 2028 Convertible Notes or at our election (subject to certain conditions) offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of such converted 2028 Convertible Notes. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially 75.4075 per share of common stock, representing a premium of 75 above the last reported sale price of 43.09 per share of common stock on August 15, 2022, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. As of September 30, 2024, no capped calls had been exercised. 
 Pursuant to their terms, the capped calls qualify for classification within stockholders equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, and their fair value is not remeasured and adjusted as long as they continue to qualify for stockholders equity classification. We paid approximately 69.1 million for the Capped Calls, including applicable transaction costs, which was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions entered into by us with the capped call Counterparties, are not part of the terms of the Convertible Notes, and do not affect any holder s rights under the Convertible Notes. Holders of the Convertible Notes do not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 0.25 Convertible Notes due 2027 
 In March 2021, we completed the sale of 805.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2027 Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers fee of 20.1 million, was approximately 784.9 million. We also incurred additional debt issuance costs totaling 0.4 million. Debt issuance costs and the initial purchasers fee are presented as a debt discount. 
 51 

The 2027 Convertible Notes pay interest semi-annually in arrears on March 1st and September 1st of each year at an annual rate of 0.25 . The 2027 Convertible Notes are general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2027 Convertible Notes, will rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, are effectively junior to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our current or future subsidiaries. The 2027 Convertible Notes have a maturity date of March 1, 2027. 
 Holders may convert their 2027 Convertible Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021, if the last reported sale price per share of common stock exceeds 130 of the conversion price for each of at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the five consecutive business days immediately after any five consecutive trading day period (such five consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as described in the offering memorandum for the 2027 Convertible Notes; (4) if we call such notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, September 1, 2026 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, the 2027 Convertible Notes were not convertible. 
 Upon conversion, we will pay cash for the settlement of principal, and for the premium, if applicable, we will pay cash, deliver shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate for the 2027 Convertible Notes is 12.9576 shares of common stock per 1,000 in principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, equivalent to a conversion price of approximately 77.17 per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment. 
 1.25 Convertible Notes due 2024 
 In November 2019, we completed the sale of 460.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds in connection with the issuance of the 2024 Convertible Notes, after deducting the initial purchasers fee of 12.7 million, was approximately 447.3 million. We also incurred debt issuance cost totaling 0.3 million. Debt issuance costs and the initial purchasers fee were presented as a debt discount. 
 In January 2021, we notified the note holders of our irrevocable election to settle the principal of the 2024 Convertible Notes in cash and for the premium, to deliver shares of common stock. The conversion rate for the 2024 Convertible Notes was 41.9208 shares of common stock per 1,000 in principal amount of 2024 Convertible Notes, equivalent to a conversion price of approximately 23.85 per share of our common stock. The conversion rate was subject to adjustment. 
 In January 2023, we issued a notice for the redemption of 2024 Convertible Notes. Holders of the notes could convert their notes at any time prior to the close of the business day prior to the redemption date. In March 2023, holders of the notes elected to convert the 2024 Convertible Notes in full. In connection with the conversion, we paid approximately 13.5 million in cash which included principal and accrued interest, and issued 288,886 shares of our common stock representing the intrinsic value based on the contractual conversion rate. 
 Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 In May 2022, we entered into a credit agreement, which was subsequently amended in August 2022 (the Amendment ), with Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other lenders and L/C Issuers party thereto (the 2022 Credit Agreement ), evidencing a credit facility (the 2022 Facility that provides for (i) a 575 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) a 250 million term loan facility (the Term Facility ). Concurrently, with the entry into the Amendment, we repaid the entire outstanding Term Loan Facility and repaid all outstanding loans under the Revolving Credit Facility under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The 2022 Facility will mature on November 30, 2026 unless either the Revolving Credit Facility or the Term Facility is extended prior to such date in accordance with the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 The Term Facility requires quarterly scheduled repayments of the term loans in each of the first, second, third and fourth years following the closing in annual amounts equal to 2.50 , 5.00 , 7.50 and 10.00 of the initial principal amount of the term loans, respectively. The term loans are also subject to mandatory prepayments from the proceeds of certain asset sales, subject to our right to reinvest the proceeds thereof. 
 52 

Borrowings under the 2022 Facility bear interest, at our option, at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus: (a) the applicable Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (which includes a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 ), or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50 , (2) the Bank of America prime rate, (3) the Term SOFR rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.10 , and (4) 1.00 . The margin for the 2022 Facility ranges, based on our consolidated total net leverage ratio, from 0.25 to 1.25 in the case of base rate loans and from 1.25 to 2.25 in the case of Term SOFR rate loans. In addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal under the 2022 Facility, we will pay (i) a commitment fee in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder and (ii) customary letter of credit fees and agency fees. The commitment fees range from 0.15 to 0.35 per annum based on our consolidated net leverage ratio. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the revolving credit facility was undrawn. 
 Additional Capital Requirements 
 Our expected working capital and other capital requirements are described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our expected working capital and other capital requirements described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Part II, Item 8, Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The accounting policies and estimates that are most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our reported financial results are described in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There were no material changes to our critical accounting policies or estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their effect, if any. 
 53 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes in our market risks during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash equivalents and marketable securities consisted of investments in money market funds, asset-backed securities, U.S. Treasury securities, corporate debt securities, agency bonds and commercial paper. These investments were made in accordance with our investment policy which specifies the categories, allocations, and ratings of securities we may consider for investment. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive without significantly increasing risk. Some of the financial instruments that we invest in could be subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the value of the instruments to fluctuate. For example, if we purchase a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of that security may decline. Based on our current investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024, we do not believe that our results of operations would be materially impacted by an immediate change of 10 in interest rates. 
 We hedge a portion of foreign currency exchange risk associated with forecasted royalties revenue denominated in Swiss francs to reduce the risk of our earnings and cash flows being adversely affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. These transactions are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. The cash flow hedges are carried at fair value with mark-to-market gains and losses recorded within AOCI in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and reclassified to royalty revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of income in the same period as the recognition of the underlying hedged transaction. We do not issue derivatives, derivative commodity instruments or other financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 
 Further, we do not believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities have significant risk of default or illiquidity. We made this determination based on discussions with our investment advisors and a review of our holdings. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. All of our cash equivalents and marketable securities are recorded at fair market value. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the timelines specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decision regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 54 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in disputes, including litigation, relating to claims arising out of operations in the normal course of our business. Any of these claims could subject us to costly legal expenses and, while we generally believe that we have adequate insurance to cover many different types of liabilities, our insurance carriers may deny coverage or our policy limits may be inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statements of income and balance sheets. Additionally, any such claims, whether or not successful, could damage our reputation and business. We currently are not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in our opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated statements of income or balance sheets. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 In December 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a capital return program to repurchase up to 750.0 million of outstanding stock over a three-year period which we completed in June 2024. 
 In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new capital return program to repurchase up to 750.0 million of our outstanding common stock. There were no share repurchases made during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Total Shares To Be Sold 
 Expiration Date 

X 
 The earlier of 04/30/2025 or date all shares are sold 

X 
 The earlier of 08/27/2025 or date all shares are sold 

Contract, instruction or written plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 55 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed April 26, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 Bylaws, as amended (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated March 1, 2021, between Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference 
 4.2 Form of Note, dated March 1, 2021, between Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference 
 4.3 Indenture, dated August 18, 2022, between Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 
 4.4 Form of Note, dated August 18, 2022, between Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, (included within Exhibit 4.1) filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith) 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (filed herewith) 101.SCH Inline Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith) 101.CAL Inline Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.DEF Inline Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.LAB Inline Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 101.PRE Inline Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (filed herewith) 

56 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. 
 (Registrant) 
 Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P. Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P. President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Nicole LaBrosse Nicole LaBrosse Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 57 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31110qq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P., Chief Executive Officer of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 31, 2024 s Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P. Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31210qq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Nicole LaBrosse, Chief Financial Officer of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated October 31, 2024 s Nicole LaBrosse Nicole LaBrosse Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex3210qq32024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P., Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Dated October 31, 2024 s Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P. Helen I. Torley, M.B. Ch.B., M.R.C.P. President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nicole LaBrosse, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Dated October 31, 2024 s Nicole LaBrosse Nicole LaBrosse Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 halo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 halo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 halo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 halo-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 halo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

