<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241022_10-K-A_edgar_data_771999_0001493152-24-042100.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12430055</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416465</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1941118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3683333</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2729597</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3355435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-042100.hdr.sgml : 20241022
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241022172045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-042100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241022
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241022

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DSS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000771999
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPERBOARD CONTAINERS & BOXES [2650]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				161229730
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32146
		FILM NUMBER:		241387111

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 WIREGRASS PKWY
		CITY:			WEST HENRIETTA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14586
		BUSINESS PHONE:		585 232 1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 WIREGRASS PKWY
		CITY:			WEST HENRIETTA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14586

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOCUMENT SECURITY SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030326

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW SKY COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	THOROUGHBREDS USA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-042100.txt : 20241022

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold, as
reported on the NYSE American LLC exchange on June 30, 2023 was . 

The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of October 9, 2024, was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Restatement
Background 

On
May 4, 2023, the Company distributed approximately 280 million shares of Sharing Service Global Corporation SHRG ),
beneficially held by the Company, in the form of a dividend to the shareholders of the Company s common stock. Upon completion
of this distribution, the Company retained an ownership interest in SHRG of approximately 7 . Effective May 1, 2023, SHRG was
deconsolidated from the consolidated financial statements (the Deconsolidation ). The consolidated statement of
operations does not include SHRG activity after April 30, 2023, and the assets and liabilities of SHRG are no longer included within
the Company s consolidated balance sheet. In the June 30, 2023 10-Q, the Company recorded an approximate 29.9 million loss on
deconsolidation. The Company also recorded an decrease in accumulated deficit of 18.7 million to reflect the reversal of balances as of deconsolidation. In preparation of the Form S-3 as well as the
September 30, 2024 10-Q filing, this transaction was revisited and it was determined that loss was unintentionally overstated by
approximately 23.5 million driven primarily by the increases in accumulated deficit that should have
been recorded as an offset to the initial income statement loss. In addition, the Company has determined that Deconsolidation also
requires the recognition of discontinued operations. Management and the Audit Committee of the Company has concluded that
restatement of its December 31, 2023 financial statements, filed on March 27, 2024, which would include the reclassification of
discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is required. 

Effects
of Restatement 

See
Note 2 to the Notes to audited financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Amendment for additional information on the restatement
and the related financial statement effects. 

Items
Amended in this Form 10-K/A 

This
Form 10-K/A presents the Original Report, amended and restated with modifications as necessary to reflect the restatements. The following
items have been amended to reflect the restatement: 

Part
II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Part
II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Part
II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures 

In
addition, the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have provided new certifications dated as
of the date of this filing in connection with this Form 10-K/A. 

DSS,
INC. SUBSIDIARIES 

 Table
of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM
 1 
 BUSINESS 
 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 1C 
 CYBERSECUTIRY 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM
 5 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 72 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 72 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 73 

PART III 

ITEM
 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 74 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 84 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 87 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 88 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 92 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 93 
 
 ITEM
 16 
 FORM 10-K/A SUMMARY 
 
 95 

SIGNATURES 
 
 96 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 - BUSINESS 

Overview 

DSS, Inc.
(together with its consolidated subsidiaries (unless the context otherwise requires), referred to herein as DSS, 
 we, us, our or the Company , currently operates five distinct business lines
operate around the globe with primary operations in North America and Asia. The six divisions are: 

1. 
 Product
 Packaging, 

2. 
 Biotechnology,

3. 
 Commercial
 Lending, 

4. 
 Securities
 and Investment Management, and 

5. 
 Alternative
 Trading, 

6. 
 Direct Marketing, 

Each of these business lines are in various
stages of development, growth, and income generation. Due to these variations in the business cycle, including differences in revenue
and assets acquired, the company is currently reporting financial information for five of these operating segments: 

1. 
 Product
 Packaging, 

2. 
 Commercial
 Lending, 

3. 
 Biotechnology, 

4. 
 Direct
 Marketing, and 

5. 
 Securities
 and Investment Management 

As the other divisions grow and start
generating material operations and revenue, those operating segments will be added to our financial segmental reporting . 

Our divisions, their business lines,
subsidiaries, and operating territories: 

1. 
 Product
 Packaging: The Company s consumer packaging and security printing business is led by its wholly owned subsidiary, Premier
 Packaging Corporation, Inc. Premier ), a New York corporation. Premier operates in the paper board and fiber based
 folding carton, consumer product packaging, and document security printing markets. It markets, manufactures, and sells sophisticated
 custom folding cartons, mailers, photo sleeves and complex 3-dimensional direct mail solutions. Premier is currently located in its
 new facility in Rochester, NY, and primarily serves the US market. 

2. 
 Biotechnology:
 Biotech Biotechnology, a science-driven industry sector that uses living organisms and molecular biology to produce
 healthcare-related products, progressed on multiple fronts in 2021. This business line was created to invest in or acquire companies
 in the BioHealth and BioMedical fields, including businesses focused on the advancement of drug discovery and prevention, inhibition,
 and treatment of neurological, oncological, and immune related diseases. This division is also targeting unmet, urgent medical needs,
 and is developing open-air defense initiatives, which curb transmission of air-borne infectious diseases, such as tuberculosis and
 influenza. We had a productive year including key patent awards, the advancement of key programs, the release of positive study results,
 and several projects now in global licensing discussions. Assets of this group are organized under the holding company, DSS BioHealth
 Security, Inc. Its subsidiaries are currently operating in Houston, TX and Rochester, NY. The group also has a research facility
 in Winter Haven, Florida. 

3. 
 Commercial
 Lending: American Pacific Bancorp, Inc. APB represents our banking and financing
 business line. During 2023, APB issued more than 14 million in new loans, and over 4 million in renewal loan to customers with
 strong credit quality across a diverse portfolio of businesses. Looking ahead, to better meet the needs of the current financial
 market, the company is looking to transition away from certain industries like direct marketing and focus more on growing its inventory
 / equipment loan portfolio as well as engaging in more specialized areas of lending like broker/dealer loans. We will continue to
 monitor our managed loan portfolio of more than 22 million, which earns 1.25 annually in service charges, and explore future opportunities.
 Importantly, the equity portfolio as a bank holding company is anticipated to remain relatively stable, regardless of stock market
 fluctuations. 

4. 
 Securities
 and Investment Management: In 2023, DSS continued our strategic investments in three broker dealers; WestPark Capital, BMI Capital
 Investments, and Sentinel Brokers Company, Inc. Additionally, we have become the Registered Investment Advisor RIA for DSS AmericaFirst Quantitative Funds (DSS
 AmericaFirst) family. This group of businesses is led by its holding company, DSS Securities, Inc., DSS Securities and the group is currently headquartered in Houston, Texas, with operations in Chicago, Illinois, Sacramento, California, Los Angeles,
 California, and New York, NY. Also in this segment is the Company s real estate investment trusts REITs ), organized
 for the purposes of acquiring hospitals and other acute or post-acute care centers from leading clinical operators with dominant
 market share in secondary and tertiary markets, and leasing each property to a single operator under a triple-net lease. The REIT
 was formed to originate, acquire, and lease a credit-centric portfolio of licensed medical real estate. This group is headquartered
 in Houston, Texas. 

5. 
 Alternative
 Trading: Alt. Trading This Division was established to develop and/or acquire assets and investments in the securities
 trading and/or funds management arena. Alt. Trading, in partnership with recognized global leaders in alternative trading systems,
 intends to obtain a broker-dealer license and launch an Alternative Trading System ATS ). The ATS, focusing on financial
 market inefficiencies, will utilize a blockchain based financial market infrastructure FMI that will trade digital
 asset securities exempt from registration, or private securities . The digital FMI will allow for T+0 settlement, which
 USX believes can be used to attract liquidity. The platform will generate trading liquidity for the middle market 
 companies that are seeking to raise under 150M USD, can pursue private placements, which have lower compliance costs that public
 offerings. USX Holdings Company, Inc. USX ), a subsidiary of the DSS Blockchain, Inc., is a collaboration between the
 GSX Group, Coinstreet Partners and DSS, Inc. This collaboration is currently in the planning stages. The Alt. Trading division is
 currently headquartered in Houston, TX. 

6. 
 Digital
 Transformation (Legacy) : This division was established to serve as a Preferred Technology Partner and Application Development
 Solution for mid-cap brands across various industries, including the direct selling and affiliate marketing sector. Digital Transformation
 enhanced marketing, communications, and operational processes through tailored software development and implementation. It successfully
 launched several mobile applications for direct sales businesses, seamlessly integrating back-office and social networking functions.
 Please note that Digital Transformation was headquartered in Hong Kong until its discontinuation in 2023. 

3 

7. 
 Secure
 Living (Legacy) : This division had embarked on a mission to create fully sustainable, secure, connected, and health-focused
 living communities, featuring homes equipped with advanced technology, energy-efficient solutions, and high-quality living environments,
 catering to both new construction and renovation projects for single and multi-family residential housing. Secure Living had been
 actively collaborating with various land development partners across the United States to develop complete, fully sustainable single-family
 subdivisions promoting healthy living. Secure Living was headquartered in Houston, Texas, until it was wound down
 in 2023. 

8. 
 Alternative
 Energy (Legacy) : This group was established with the vision to lead the company into the clean energy sector, focusing
 on environmentally responsible and sustainable initiatives. Alset Energy, Inc., the holding company for this group, and its wholly
 owned subsidiary, Alset Solar, Inc., were dedicated to the development of utility-scale solar farms to support regional power grids
 in the United States and provide small microgrids for independent energy on underutilized properties. In addition to solar farms,
 solar battery banks, and residential energy creation and storage, Alset Energy also explored alternative energy investment and development
 opportunities. Our overarching goal was to make a significant impact in mitigating the negative effects of climate change by reducing
 air pollution and expanding access to clean energy, thus contributing to global economic well-being. Alset Energy
 was headquarters in Houston, Texas until its discontinuation in 2023. 

9. 
 Direct Marketing: Direct Led by the holding corporation, Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. Decentralized provides services to assist companies
 in the emerging growth Gig business model of peer-to-peer decentralized sharing marketplaces. Direct specializes in
 licensing its products and services through its subsidiary HWH World, Inc. HWH World using the popular gig economic
 marketing strategy as a form of direct marketing. Direct s products include, among other things, nutritional and personal care
 products sold throughout North America, Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Eastern Europe. 

2023
RECAP 

The following is a summary of the DSS
reported transactions and investments since January 2023 that reflect the active advancements and investments in these business lines: 

On
April 17, 2023, DSS, Inc.. announced today that Jason
Grady, Chief Operating Officer of DSS, will be presenting at the Emerging Growth Virtual Conference on Wednesday, April 19 from 1:45-2:15
PM. 

On
April 19, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced that the Company plans to distribute to its stockholders common stock of Sharing Services
Global Corporation Sharing Services 
or SHRG that is beneficially held
by DSS, directly and through its subsidiary, Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. DSSI ).
Sharing Services is a diversified direct marketing company that is currently listed on the OTC (OTC: SHRG) and is in the process of up-listing
to Nasdaq. 

On
May 1, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced today the distribution date for the common stock of Sharing Services Global Corporation Sharing
Services or SHRG that is beneficially held by DSS, directly and through its subsidiary, Decentralized Sharing Systems,
Inc. DSSI ). As previously announced, DSS Inc., together with its subsidiary DSSI, distributed (the Distribution approximately 280 million shares of Sharing Services common stock beneficially held by DSS and DSSI in a distribution to holders
of DSS common stock, par value 0.02 per share DSS Common Stock as of April 28, 2023. Each share of DSS Common Stock
outstanding as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, held on April 28, 2023, will entitle the holder thereof to receive two (2) SHRG common
stock shares to be distributed on May 4, 2023. 

On
May 16, 2023, DSS, Inc reported earnings results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2023. Premier Packaging division
had a stellar quarter in booking a 72 increase in revenues in the first quarter compared to the First Quarter of 2022 as a result
of our capital investments completed over the past year. 

On
June 26, 2023, DSS, Inc Announces Record and Distribution Date for Impact BioMedical Spin-Off Special Dividend. DSS, Inc.
has filed for the distribution of a special stock dividend to DSS Inc. shareholders of record on June 30th for distribution on July 14,
2023. DSS shareholders of record as of 4:00 p.m. ET on June 30, 2023 (the record date will receive four (4) shares of
Impact Biomedical, Inc. for every one (1) share of DSS. 

On
June 30, 2023, DSS, Inc announced updated shareholder of record date for Spin-Off of Impact BioMedical, Inc. DSS, Inc. filed for
the distribution of a special stock dividend of Impact Biomedical Inc. to DSS Inc. shareholders of record on July 10, 2023, pending SEC
clearance. DSS shareholders of record as of 5:00 p.m. ET on July 10, 2023 (the record date were entitled to four (4) shares
of Impact Biomedical Inc. for every one (1) share of DSS on the distribution date. 

4 

On
July 31, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced today the distribution date for the previously announced stock dividend of Impact BioMedical
Inc. DSS Inc. shareholders of record on July 10, 2023 will be entitled to four (4) shares of Impact Biomedical Inc. for every one (1)
share of DSS to be distributed on August 8, 2023. 

On
October 23, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced that a registration statement on Form S-1 was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC relating to the proposed initial public offering of DSS s wholly-owned subsidiary, Impact Biomedical. 

On
October 26, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced that the Company received a letter (the Letter from the staff of
NYSE American LLC (the Exchange stating that the Company s securities have been selling for a low price per
share for a substantial period of time and, pursuant to Section 1003(f)(v) of the NYSE American Company Guide. The Company s
continued listing is predicated on it effecting a reverse stock split of its common stock or otherwise demonstrating sustained price
improvement within a reasonable period of time, which the Exchange has determined to be no later than April 20, 2024. 

On
November 8, 2023, Impact BioMedical Inc. Impact filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 6, 2023, disclosing that Impact effected a
reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock by a ratio of 1 for 55. Impact did not effectuate a reverse split of its
authorized capital stock and no amendment to the articles of incorporation or bylaws was made. Impact received approval from its majority
stockholder and the Company s Board of Directors to effectuate the reverse split. 

On
November 14, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced that, in a unanimous
decision, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC) rejected Nichia Corp. s challenge to U.S. Patent No. 6,879,040
(the 040 Patent). U.S. Chief Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore, who authored the opinion, and U.S. Circuit Judges Kara Stoll and
Tiffany Cunningham sat on the panel for the Federal Circuit. 

On
November 28, 2023, Premier Packaging, a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of DSS, Inc., Secures Contract Extension with Major
Retailer Worth Up to 15 Million over Four Years. DSS, Inc. announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Premier Packaging
signed a contract extension with an existing client for the next three years totaling a minimum of 12 Million
with a fourth year extension option bringing the potential total revenue to over 15 Million. 

On
December 22, 2023, DSS, Inc. announced that
it will proceed with a 1-for-20 reverse stock split (the Reverse Split of its issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, par value 0.02, following authorization by its Board of Directors and majority shareholders to effect a reverse split by a ratio
of not less than 1-for-20 and not more than 1-for-40 (the Reverse Split Range ), at any time on or before April 20, 2024,
with the Board having the discretion as to whether or not the Reverse Split is to be effected, and with the exact ratio to be set at
a whole number within the Reverse Split Range as determined by the Chief Executive Officer in his discretion. The reverse split was effective January 8, 2024. 

5 

STRATEGIC
BUSINESS PLAN AND 2023 PROGRESSION 

Here
we highlight three specific developments: 

We are preparing
for an Initial Public Offering IPO of our majority owned subsidiary, Impact Biomedical, Inc. IBIO ),
after distributing four shares of IBIO for every share of DSS held as of the record date of July 10, 2023. 

Once the IPO has
been completed, these stock dividend shares will not be eligible for resale until 180 days from the effective date of the IPO, a
restriction that can be lifted at the discretion of IBIO. The structure of this spinoff is designed for DSS to maintain the
consolidation of IBIO s financials, ensuring our shareholders receive the benefits of IBIO s success on a go forward
basis. Our license agreement with ProPhase Labs (Nasdaq: PRPH) is resulting in promising clinical advancement in the development of
our Linebacker and Equivir assets. Impact Biomedical is actively considering various ways to maximize the value of its investments
and assets. The company is excited about the opportunities that the IPO will create and is looking forward to introducing its
shareholders to subsequent spinoffs or similar liquidity events. 

Turning to our
product packaging division, Premier Packaging Corporation, Inc., net income increased 126 year over year. Premier Packaging
Corporation is experiencing a positive trend in its financial performance, thanks to strategic investments and operational
improvements. 

Our commitment to
reinforcing our leadership dynamics is evident in the recent enhancement of the management team at DSS Wealth Management, Inc. This deliberate
move is aimed at fostering a legacy of investment excellence and scaling our assets under management. We are planning to launch a Total
Return Bond Fund, to capitalize on the prevailing higher interest rates. 

Three-Stage
Development for Exponential Growth 

For every completed acquisition, and
taking into consideration market conditions and other constraints, we adhere to a well-structured three-stage development process with
the goal of maximizing value creation and propelling our growth by expanding our capabilities, strength, and scale. 

Stage 1: Asset Acquisition
and Organizational Development In this initial phase, our focus lies in identifying and acquiring assets, vehicles, asset structures,
and assembling the necessary talent and organizations. This strategic step serves as the strong foundation upon which we build future
growth. 

6 

Stage 2: Revenue
Generation and Operational Excellence Our second stage revolves around driving revenue through diverse channels, including revenue streams,
licensing, and other scalable sources. Our primary objective during this phase is the creation of efficient and well-operating businesses
that excel in operational performance. The success achieved in this stage in 2022, evidenced by substantial revenue growth, is a testament
to our efforts. 

Stage 3: Profitability
and Positive EBITDA The third and final stage focuses on achieving positive EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and
Amortization) and profitability. This is realized through the optimization of business operations, capitalizing on scale and efficiency
to generate sustained profits. 

Growth
Strategies 

IPOs as a Growth Strategy: Our company
has plans to pursue Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) as a means to share its success with shareholders. We aim to take our businesses
public once they reach an optimal point for effective leverage and meet internal goals and expectations. 

Decentralized Sharing Model: We firmly
believe in our unique decentralized sharing model, combined with the three-stage development process, to create substantial shareholder
value. This model involves distributing dividends from potential IPOs directly to benefit shareholders. 

In summary, our strategy delineates a
methodical approach encompassing asset acquisition, revenue generation, operational efficiency, profitability, and ultimately, taking
businesses public through IPOs to reward our shareholders. We place a strong emphasis on our decentralized sharing model, ensuring that
the benefits of our success are shared directly with our valued shareholders. 

Premier
Packaging Secures Contract Extension with Major Retailer 

Our Premier Packaging
Corporation, Inc. Premier subsidiary provides a clear example of the second stage of our development process as it began
operations at its new 105,000 sq. ft. facility in Western New York in the first half of 2022. The increased production capacity at the
new facility, which has enabled us to meet growing customer demand, was a key driver behind our nearly 3 year-over-year revenue growth
for this segment in the most recently reported quarter as well as net income increase of 126 year over year. 

Since 2019, we have
accelerated the transformation of Premier s operations, investing in state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment, people, and processes
to increase its capacity, improve quality and delivery, and to ensure it has the resources to support its growing customer base and their
evolving supply chain demands. Utilizing these investments, we design and manufacture folding cartons that attract the consumer s
attention when and where it matters most at the point of sale. 

In 2023, Premier
Packaging signed a contract extension with an existing client for the next three years with expected revenue to approximate 12
Million with a fourth-year extension. 

We are very pleased
to see that our capital investment to increase production capacity and economies of scale at Premier Packaging continues to result in
satisfied clients and increasing revenues. Since inaugurating Premier s state-of-the-art 105,000 sq. ft. facility in 2022, our
packaging division has expanded its customer base and built a competitive advantage in the packaging industry. We will continue to add
capabilities in key areas that increase operational efficiencies to strengthen Premier s foundation and offerings while continuing
to provide world-class service to our customers. 

Premier specializes in creating innovative
fiber-based, folding cartons and packaging solutions which provide a sustainable alternative to traditional plastic packaging. 

7 

Impact
BioMedical Share Distribution and IPO 

In the field of Biotechnology
and Biomedical, Impact Biomedical Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, validation, and patenting of innovative scientific advancements
and technologies that lead to new developments in human healthcare and well-being. Once these breakthroughs are ready for implementation,
IBIO collaborates closely with various partners through licensing agreements, co-development initiatives, joint ventures, and other strategic
relationships to facilitate the introduction of these novel healthcare solutions to the market. Their mission is to advance and bring
to fruition cutting-edge innovations that have the potential to significantly impact and improve the field of human health and wellness. 

In 2023, Impact BioMedical,
a vital component of our BioHealth group, made significant strides in various areas. These achievements included promising initial test
results related to new bioplastics, the reinforcement of intellectual property safeguards, and the establishment of licensing agreements
with ProPhase Biopharma, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ProPhase Labs, Inc. (Nasdaq: PRPH). ProPhase Labs, an extensively diversified diagnostic
company with a track record spanning over three decades, dedicated to enhancing wellness and improving health through both over-the-counter
(OTC) and prescription products. They have shown strong belief in Impact BioMedical s Linebacker compounds, recognizing their potential
value in the multi-billion-dollar range as co-therapies for cancer. Furthermore, ProPhase Labs anticipates the launch of Equivir as an
OTC supplement in late 2023. Additionally, ProPhase BioPharma is preparing to submit an Investigational New Drug IND application to
the US FDA for Equivir G as a prescription antiviral. 

Impact BioMedical
effectively utilizes its scientific expertise and intellectual property rights to provide innovative solutions to long-standing challenges
within the biomedical field. The company s primary focus lies in dedicated research and discovery efforts aimed at developing promising
products for the prevention, inhibition, and treatment of neurological, oncological, and immuno-related diseases. For further details
about Impact BioMedical, you can visit their website at http://impactbiomedinc.com/. 

With a strengthened
foundation now in place, we expect Impact BioMedical to provide us with the first opportunity to clearly demonstrate a core tenant of
our vision sharing our success with our shareholders. In August of 2023, DSS, Inc. distributed a stock dividend of four (4) shares
of Impact BioMedical Inc. to all DSS Inc. shareholders of record on July 10, 2023. Each share of Impact BioMedical distributed as part
of the distribution will not be eligible for resale until 180 days from the date Impact BioMedical s initial public offering becomes
effective under the Securities Act, subject to the discretion of the Company to lift the restriction sooner. 

Importantly, Impact
BioMedical is just one of multiple assets we believe can have liquidity events in 2024 as we continue to diligently move our growing
portfolio of businesses through our unique and strategic value creation process. 

Key
Upcoming Milestone for AmericaFirst Quantitative Funds 

AmericaFirst Quantitative
Funds, part of our Securities and Investment Management segment, showed improved performance versus benchmarks for three of the four
mutual funds under management since the new investment advisory team took over in May 2023. In addition to focusing on improved relative
performance, the team expects to enhance marketing and sales efforts to grow assets under management, continue to improve operational
efficiencies, and plans to launch a Total Return Bond Fund in the first half of the year. 

8 

Reporting
Operating Segments: 

As we have reported
above, we financially report business operating results on five operating segments, which we believe will certainly increase and transition
as the newer lines of business develop and mature. However, the five business segments that we are reporting on in 2023 are as follows: 

Premier
Packaging: Premier Premier Packaging Corporation provides custom packaging services and serves clients
in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, consumer goods, beverage, specialty foods, confections, photo packaging and direct marketing industries,
among others. The group also provides active and intelligent packaging and document security printing services for end-user customers.
In addition, the division produces a wide array of printed materials, such as folding cartons and paperboard packaging, security paper,
vital records, prescription paper, birth certificates, receipts, identification materials, entertainment tickets, secure coupons and
parts tracking forms. The division also provides resources and production equipment for our ongoing research and development of security
printing, brand protection, consumer engagement and related technologies. 

For over 25 years,
Premier has been a market leader in providing solutions for paperboard packaging from consumer retail packaging and heavy mailing envelopes,
to sophisticated custom folding cartons and complex three-dimensional direct mail solutions. Premier s innovative products and
design team delivers packaging that provides functionality, marketability, and sustainability, with its fiber-based packing solutions
providing an alternative to traditional plastic packaging. 

Since 2019, we have
accelerated the transformation of Premier s operations, investing in state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment, people, and processes
to increase its capacity, improve quality and delivery, and to ensure it has the resources to support its growing customer base and their
evolving supply chain demands. 

We will continue
to add capabilities in key areas that increasing operational efficiencies to strengthen our foundation and offerings to our customers
while continuing to provide world-class customer service to the customers we serve. 

Commercial
Lending: Commercial Lending through its operating company, American
Pacific Bancorp, Inc. APB represents our banking and financing business line. Looking ahead, to better meet the needs of the current financial market, the company is looking to
transition away from certain industries like direct marketing and focus more on growing its inventory / equipment loan portfolio as well
as engaging in more specialized areas of lending like broker/dealer loans. We will continue to monitor our managed loan portfolio of
more than 6 million, which earns 1.25 annually in service charges, and explore future opportunities. Importantly, the equity portfolio
as a bank holding company is anticipated to remain relatively stable, regardless of stock market fluctuations. 

Biotechnology:
 Biotech Impact BioMedical, Inc. targets unmet, urgent medical needs and expands the borders of medical
and pharmaceutical science. Impact drives mission-oriented research, development, and commercialization of solutions for medical advances
in human wellness and healthcare. By leveraging technology and new science with strategic partnerships, Impact BioMedical provides advances
in drug discovery for the prevention, inhibition, and treatment of neurological, oncology and immuno-related diseases. Other exciting
technologies include a breakthrough alternative sugar aimed to combat diabetes and functional fragrance formulations aimed at the industrial
and medical industry. 

9 

Impact BioMedical has several important
and valuable products, technology or compounds that are in continuing development and/or licensing stages: 

LineBacker:
 Multi-faceted therapeutic platform for metabolic, neurologic, cancer, and infectious diseases. 

Equivir:
 A polyphenol compound that is believed to be successful in antiviral infection treatments. Equivir/Nemovir technology is a novel
 blend of FDA Generally Recognized as Safe GRAS eligible polyphenols e.g., Myricetin, Hesperetin, Piperine)
 which have demonstrated antiviral effects with additional potential application as health supplements or medication. Polyphenols
 are sourced from fruits, vegetables, and other natural substances. Myricetin is a member of the flavonoid class of polyphenolic compounds
 with antioxidant properties. Hesperitin is a flavanone and Piperine is an alkaloid, commonly found in black pepper. 

Procombin:
 Applications as food additive, and natural preservative for beauty and person care products as well as natural food preservative. 

VanXin:
 Food preservative booster made up of polyphenols that extend the shelf life. 

Bioplastics:
 Advanced bio-compatible plastics that mitigate accumulation of plastics in oceans and landfills and provide UVA and UVB protection
 for many types of material for including containers, hard surfaces, and fibers for clothing. The technology is presently in development
 and testing antimicrobial plastics for consumer products that control the spread of active pathogens such as SARS-CoV-2, Influenza,
 E. coli, Staph, and Rhinovirus, by exploiting key strategies found in the biological realm. These new plastics are specifically focused
 on solutions for common products such as cups, plates, utensils, plastic bags, and countertops. The first prototypes are currently
 undergoing antimicrobial resistance testing. 

Laetose:
 Laetose technology is derived from a unique combination of sugar and inositol, which demonstrates the ability to inhibit the inflammatory
 and metabolic response of sugar alone. A sugar alternative which is believed to lower human glycemic indexes and is believed to be
 a breakthrough alternative sugar aimed to combat diabetes. The use of Laetose in a daily diet, compared to sugar, could result in
 30 lower sugar consumption and lower glycemic index/load. 

3F:
 A botanical compound believed to serve as an insect repellent and anti-microbial agent. 3F is a unique formulation of specialized
 ingredients e.g. terpenes) from botanical sources with demonstrated effect as an insect repellent and an antimicrobial. 

3F
 Mosquito Repellent: 3F repellent contains botanical ingredients that mosquitos avoid. These ingredients are scientifically proven1
 to affect the mosquito s receptors, essentially making the insect blind to a human s presence. This can be utilized as
 a stand-alone repellent or as an additive in detergents, lotions, shampoo, and other substances to provide mosquito protection. 

3F
 Antimicrobial: 3F antimicrobial contains botanical ingredients known to kill viruses. These ingredients are scientifically proven
 to inhibit viral replication. This can be utilized as a stand-alone antimicrobial or as an additive in detergents, lotions, shampoo,
 fabrics, and other substances. 

Quantum:
 The solution to the Patent Cliff accomplished by creating a new class of medicinal chemistry that uses advanced methods to increase
 effectiveness and persistence of natural compounds and existing drugs. The safety attributes of the original molecules are maintained.
 Typically, drug discovery processes modify functional groups. Quantum s new techniques alter behavior of molecules at the sub-molecular
 level. It is estimated that 65 of the World Health Organization Essential Medicines List can be improved and re-patented using Quantum
 and these methods can be used to enhance and patent natural compounds including many substances used in traditional medicines around
 the world. 

Bio
 Med (license): A probiotic gut health product that helps to regulate many physiological functions, ranging from energy regulation
 and cognitive processes to toxin neutralization and immunity against pathogens. 

10 

The business model of Impact BioMedical
revolves around two methodologies Licensing and Sales Distribution. 

1)
 Impact develops valuable and unique patented technologies which will be licensed to pharmaceutical, large consumer package
goods companies and venture capitalists in exchange for usage licensing and royalties. 

2)
 Impact utilizes the DSS ecosystem to leverage its sister companies that have in place distribution networks on a global scale.
Impact will engage in branded and private labelling of certain products for sales generation through these channels. This global distribution
model will give direct access to end users of Impact s nutraceutical and health related products. 

Securities
and Investment Management: Securities Securities was established to develop and/or acquire assets in the
securities trading or management arena, and to pursue, among other product and service lines, real estate investment funds, broker dealers,
and mutual funds management. This business sector has already established the following business lines/investments and associated products and services: 

REIT
 Management Fund: In March 2020, DSS Securities formed AMRE American Medical REIT and its management company AAMI
 AMRE Asset Management, Inc.) Through AAMI/AMRE, a medical real estate investment trust, fulfills community needs for quality
 healthcare facilities while enabling care providers to allocate their capital to growth and investment in their contemporary clinical
 and critical care businesses. Urban and suburban communities are in need of modern healthcare facilities that provide a range of
 medical outpatient services. The funds ultimate product is an investor opportunity in a managed medical real estate investment trust. 

Sentinel:
 Sentinel primarily operates as a financial intermediary, facilitating institutional trading of municipal and corporate bonds
 as well as preferred stock, and accelerates the trajectory of the DSS digital securities business. 

WestPark:
 WestPark is a full-service investment banking and securities brokerage firm which serves the needs of both private and public
 companies worldwide, as well as individual and institutional investors. 

BMIC:
 BMIC is a private investment bank specializing in corporate finance advising, raising equity, and venture services, providing
 a global one-stop corporate consultancy to listed companies. From corporate finance to professional valuation, corporate
 communications to event management, BMIC services companies in the US, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Canada, and Australia. 

DSS
 Wealth Management: AmericaFirst is a suite of mutual funds managed by DSS Wealth Management.
 AmericaFirst expects to expand into numerous investment platforms including additional mutual
 funds and exchange-traded funds. AmericaFirst currently consists of four mutual funds that
 seek to outperform their respective benchmark indices by applying top-down, fundamental research,
 quantitative and technical analysis to stock selection and portfolio management. 

Direct Marketing Segment : Prior to June
2023, the Direct Marketing business segment, operated through its holding company, Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., along with
its subsidiaries and partners, including Sharing Services Global Corporation, offered a diverse range of products and services
through an extensive independent contractor network until its transition to SHRG in late 2023 to effect DSS s refocus on core
business lines. 

For instance, one of Decentralized s
wholly-owned subsidiaries, HWH World, Inc., was dedicated to promoting products and services that aligned with its core values of health,
wealth, and happiness. Within the HWH Marketplace and its associated brands, the primary goal was to assist customers in achieving their
healthiest and happiest selves. In terms of health-related offerings, the company provided herbal alternatives, nutraceuticals, consumables,
topicals, dietary supplements, beauty and skincare products, personal care items, gut health products, aloe vera-based supplements, and
various wellness products. In the wealth sector, the company developed educational tools to help users manage their finances effectively
and offered savings programs to assist consumers in reaching their financial goals. In pursuit of happiness, the company collaborated
with partners to acquire or establish products and services that enabled consumers to enjoy a healthy lifestyle, including access to a
global travel membership network. 

Sharing Services Global Corporation SHRG ), founded in Nevada on April 24, 2015, is focused on enhancing shareholder value by developing or acquiring businesses
and technologies that expand its product and services portfolio, enhance its business capabilities, and broaden its geographic presence.
Sharing Services integrated platform harnesses the expertise of various companies engaged in direct-to-consumer product marketing
through independent contractors. Their shared services platform caters to the direct selling gig economy sector by providing
essential services such as equity and inventory financing, advisory services, mobile application tools, merchant processing services,
commercial insurance, and event planning to smaller direct sales companies. Sharing Services, through its subsidiaries, currently markets
and distributes health and wellness products, including subscription-based travel services, in the United States, Canada, and Mexico,
utilizing a direct selling business model. Their growth strategy involves both organic expansion and strategic acquisitions that complement
their product range, enhance their business capabilities, and align with their overall growth objectives. 

Beginning
in July 2023, Direct now specializes in licensing its products and services through its subsidiary HWH World, Inc. HWH World using the popular gig economic marketing strategy as a form of direct marketing. Direct s products include, among other things,
nutritional and personal care products sold throughout North America, Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Eastern Europe. 

11 

Intellectual
Property 

Patents 

Impact Biomedical Inc. has nine (9)
patents issued, one(1) allowed, and over forty (40) patents pending worldwide with expiration of US patents between 2029 and 2040.
Pending patents could extend this exclusivity period in all regions. 

The issued and allowed patents include
composition and method of application for Linebacker, Equivir, 3F (Functional Fragrance), and Laetose. 

Trademarks 

We have several trademarks
related to our DSS, Inc. businesses. 

Websites: 

The
primary corporate website we maintain is www.dssworld.com . Our other sites are: 

American Medical REIT, Inc: http://www.americanmedreit.com 

 DSS AmericaFirst: https://www.afcm-quant.com 

 American Pacific Bancorp APB ):
 https://www.ampacbancorp.com 

 DSS PureAir, Inc.: https://dsspureair.com/ 

 Premier Packaging: https://www.premiercustompkg.com 

 Impact Biomedical: https://www.impactbiomedinc.com 

In addition to the
active websites, the Company is building multiple new sites and owns several other domain names reserved for future use or for strategic
competitive reasons. Information on our websites or any other website does not constitute a part of this annual report. 

Markets
and Competition 

Product Packaging:
Within our packaging division, we face competition from numerous national and regional companies, many of which operate independently
and are privately held. The major players in this market are primarily concentrated in long-term consumer packaged goods and health and
beauty sectors. These include prominent integrated paper companies like West Rock Company and Graphic Packaging Holding Company. 

Commercial Lending:
American Pacific Bancorp, our commercial lending company, offers a comprehensive range of financial services tailored
to businesses. Our services encompass commercial business lines of credit, land development financing, inventory financing, third-party
loan servicing, and solutions designed to meet the diverse financial requirements of various business sectors. In this competitive landscape,
APB competes with a wide array of traditional commercial banks and investment banking firms. 

Biotechnology: Impact Biomedical
Inc. is dedicated to the discovery, confirmation, and patenting of unique scientific advancements and technologies, which lead to
innovative solutions in the realm of human healthcare and wellness. IBIO collaborates closely with licensing partners, engages in
co-development initiatives, forms joint ventures, and nurtures other valuable relationships to effectively introduce these
groundbreaking solutions to the market. 

12 

Securities and Investment
Management: Was established to develop and/or acquire assets in the securities trading or management arena. These efforts and established
business lines compete with individual money managers, companies or organizations that engage in the business of trading securities and
derivatives for the benefit of their customers. Traditional RIA s, Brokers Dealers, REIT s and other personal investment
companies would also be considered competition. 

Customers 

Product
Packaging: During 2023, one customer accounted for approximately 20 of our consolidated revenue and second customer accounted for approximately 11 of our consolidated revenue. Customer diversification
improvements have produced several new customers to our overall customer base and will continue to do so in 2024. 

Commercial
Lending: Since 2021, American Pacific Bancorp, Inc. has issued nearly 26 million in new loans since September 2021 to customers
across a diverse portfolio of businesses. 

Securities and Investment
Management: Our Securities and Investment Management division has a mixture of retail and institutional investors. 

Raw
Materials 

Product Packaging:
The primary raw materials the Company uses in its business are paper, paperboard, corrugated board and ink. The Company negotiates with
leading suppliers to maximize its purchasing efficiencies and uses a wide variety of paper grades, formats, ink formulations and colors.
The good news is that while there are materials that remain challenging, raw materials have begun to improve in terms of cost and availability.
The good news is that while there are materials that remain challenging, raw materials have begun to improve in terms of cost and availability
in late 2023. Procurement sustainability as a crucial element and it involves not only ensuring that suppliers meet sustainability standards,
but also a commitment to ongoing internal improvement in sustainability practices. Premier is proactively engaged in setting high standards
and ensuring that these standards are followed by its supply chain partners, contributing to the improvement and compliance of the broader
industry. During 2023, one vendor accounted for approximately 25 and second vendor
accounted for approximately 13 of our paper and paperboard purchases. 

Direct Marketing:
Sources its products from 3 rd party suppliers
for nutritional, performance, and health and beauty product ingredients. We rely on our extensive supplier network for the availability
of an extensive range of vitamins, minerals, botanicals, plant, and herb extracts, as well as nutritional supplements. 

Environmental
Compliance 

It
is the Company s policy to conduct its operations in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations, and other requirements.
While it is not possible to quantify with certainty the potential impact of actions regarding environmental matters, particularly remediation
and other compliance efforts that the Company may undertake in the future, in the opinion of management, compliance with the present
environmental protection laws, before taking into account estimated recoveries from third parties, will not have a material adverse effect
on the Company s consolidated annual results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

13 

Government
Regulation 

Our biotechnology
business is faced with potential government regulations. If new legislation, regulations, or rules are implemented either by Congress,
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO ), or the courts that impact the patent application process, the patent
enforcement process or the rights of patent holders, these changes could negatively affect our patent monetization efforts and, in turn,
our assets, expenses and revenue. United States patent laws have been amended by the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. The America Invents
Act includes several significant changes to U.S. patent law. In general, the legislation attempts to address issues surrounding the enforceability
of patents and the increase in patent litigation by, among other things, establishing new procedures for patent litigation. For example,
the America Invents Act changes the way that parties may be joined in patent infringement actions, increasing the likelihood that such
actions will need to be brought against individual parties allegedly infringing by their respective individual actions or activities.
In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ has conducted reviews of the patent system to evaluate the impact of
patent assertion entities, such as our Company, on industries in which those patents relate. It is possible that the findings and recommendations
of the DOJ could adversely impact our ability to effectively license and enforce standards-essential patents and could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the enforcement of any such patented technologies. 

Moreover, new rules
regarding the burden of proof in patent enforcement actions could significantly increase the cost of our enforcement actions, and new
standards or limitations on liability for patent infringement could negatively impact our revenue derived from such enforcement actions. 

Corporate
History 

The Company, incorporated
in the state of New York in May 1984 has formally conducted business in the name of Document Security Systems, Inc. On September 16,
2021, the board of directors approved an agreement and plan of merger with a wholly owned subsidiary, DSS, Inc. (a New York corporation,
incorporated in August 2020), for the sole purpose of effecting a rebranding from Document Security Systems, Inc. to DSS, Inc. This change
became effective on September 30, 2021. DSS, Inc. maintained the same trading symbol DSS and updated its CUSIP number to
26253C-102. In January 2024, in conjunction with a reverse split, DSS now operates under the CUSIP 26253C 201. See the Overview 
section above for further details about our acquisitions. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December
31, 2023, DSS, Inc. had 95 employees worldwide. We continue to retain and attract qualified management and technical personnel. Our
employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement, and we believe that our relations with our employees are in good
standing. 

Available
information 

Our website address
is www.dssworld.com . Information on our
website is not incorporated herein by reference. We make available free of charge through our website our press releases, Annual Report
on Form 10-K/A, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors
that could have material adverse effects on our future results. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, business prospects,
financial condition or results of operations could be seriously harmed. This could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline,
resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. Please also read carefully the section contained in Part II, Item 7, below, entitled
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

We have identified
the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations
in the future. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our
business operations. If any of these risks occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could suffer, the market
price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. 

The
value of our intangible assets and investments may not be equal to their carrying values . 

As of December
31, 2023, we had approximately 20.2 million of net intangible assets. Approximately 18.9 million is associated with the
acquisition of Impact Biomedical, Inc. The Company has completed valuations for certain developed technology assets acquired in the
transaction as well as the non-controlling interest portion of Impact BioMedical, Inc. and its subsidiaries. If licensing efforts
are not successful, the values of these assets could be reduced. We are required to evaluate the carrying value of such intangibles
and goodwill and the fair value of investments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
intangible asset, including goodwill, and investment may not be recoverable. If any of our intangible assets, goodwill or
investments are deemed to be impaired then it will result in a significant reduction of the operating results in such period. 

14 

We
have secured indebtedness, and a potential risk exists that we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to pay interest and principal
thereon when due or negotiate acceptable extensions or settlements. 

We have outstanding
indebtedness (described below), most of which is secured by assets of various DSS subsidiaries and guaranteed by the Company. Given our
history of operating losses and our cash position, there is a risk that we may not be able to repay indebtedness when due. If we were
to default on any of our other indebtedness that require payments of cash to settle such default and we do not receive an extension or
a waiver from the creditor and the creditor were to foreclose on the secured assets, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

As of December 31,
2023, we had the following significant amounts of outstanding indebtedness: 

Premier
 Packaging entered into master loan and security agreement BOA Note with Bank of America, N.A. BOA to secure financing approximating 3,710,000 to purchase a new Heidelberg XL 106-7+L printing press. The aggregate principal balance
 outstanding under the BOA Note shall bear interest at a variable rate on or before the loan closing. As of December 31, 2023, and
 December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal on the BOA Note was 2,932,000 and 3,406,000, respectively and had an interest rate
 of 4.63 . As of December 31, 2023, 491,000 was included in the current portion of long-term debt, net, and the remaining balance
 of approximately 2,442,000 recorded as long-term debt, The BOA Note contains certain covenants that are analyzed annually. As of
 December 31, 2023, Premier is in compliance with these covenants. 

AMRE
 Shelton, LLC., AMRE Shelton a subsidiary of AMRE, entered into a loan agreement Shelton Agreement with Patriot Bank, N.A. Patriot Bank in an amount up to 6,155,000, with the amount financed approximating 5,105,000.
 The Shelton Agreement contains monthly payments of principal and an initial interest of 4.25 . The interest will be adjusted commencing
 on July 1, 2026 and continuing for the next succeeding 5-year period shall be determined one month prior to the change date and shall
 be an interest rate equal to two hundred fifty (250) basis points above the Federal Home Loan Bank Boston 5-Year/25-Year amortizing
 advance rate, but in no event less than 4.25 for the term of 120 months with a balloon payment approximating 2,829,000 due at term
 end. The net book value of these assets as of December 31, 2023 approximated 6,279,000. 

3,000,000
 loan agreement with BMIC BMIC Loan ), between LVAM and BMIC with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be calculated
 at the maturity date. The BMIC Loan matured on October 12, 2022 and both parties agree based on the language of the loan documents
 that the loan will keep extending an additional 3 months until either party cancels the extension. 

41,331,000
 remaining principal balance, net of deferred financing costs, loan agreement LifeCare Agreement between AMRE LifeCare
 Portfolio, LLC AMRE LifeCare a subsidiary of AMRE, and Pinnacle Bank Pinnacle ). The LifeCare Agreement
 has a variable interest rate which equated to 9.6 on December 31, 2023. This note is due as of the date of this filing. 

AMRE
 Winter Haven, LLC AMRE Winter Haven and Pinnacle Bank Pinnacle entered a term loan Pinnacle
 Loan whereas Pinnacle lent to AMRE Winter Haven the principal sum of 2,990,000, maturing on March 7, 2024. Payments are
 to be made in equal, consecutive installments based on a 25-year amortization period with interest at 4.28 . The outstanding principal
 and interest, net of debt issuance costs of 17,000, approximates 2,977,000 and is included in long-term debt, net on the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023. This note is in default and demand was made for final payment to be made
by December 22, 2023. This amount is past due. 

Both the Winter
Haven and LifeCare agreements contain various covenants which are tested annually as of December 31. For the year ended December 31,
2023, AMRE Winter Haven and LifeCare were not in compliance with the annual covenants and these loans are in default. 

15 

A
significant amount of our revenue is derived by two customers. 

As of December 31,
2022, two customers accounted for approximately 14 and 6 of our consolidated revenue and these two customers accounted for approximately
36 and 17 of our consolidated trade accounts receivable balance. As of December 31, 2023, two customers accounted for approximately
20 and 11 of our consolidated revenue and 39 and 30 of our trade accounts receivable balance. If we were to lose this customer
or if the amount of business we do with this customer declines significantly, our business would be adversely affected. 

We
may face intellectual property infringement or other claims against us, our customers or our intellectual property that could be costly
to defend and result in our loss of significant rights. 

Although we have
received patents with respect to certain of our core business technologies, there can be no assurance that these patents will afford
us any meaningful protection. Although we believe that our use of the technology and products we have developed, and other trade secrets
used in our operations do not infringe upon the rights of others, our use of the technology and trade secrets we developed may infringe
upon the patents or intellectual property rights of others. In the event of infringement, we could, under certain circumstances, be required
to obtain a license or modify aspects of the technology and trade secrets we developed or refrain from using the same. We may not be
able to successfully terminate any infringement in a timely manner, upon acceptable terms and conditions or at all. Failure to do any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our financial condition. Moreover, if the patents, technology,
or trade secrets we developed or use in our business are deemed to infringe upon the rights of others, we could, under certain circumstances,
become liable for damages, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our financial condition. As we continue to
market our products, we could encounter patent barriers that are not known today. A patent search may not disclose all related applications
that are currently pending in the United States Patent Office, and there may be one or more such pending applications that would take
precedence over any or all of our applications. 

Furthermore, third
parties may assert that our intellectual property rights are invalid, which could result in significant expenditures by us to refute
such assertions. If we become involved in litigation, we could lose our proprietary rights, be subject to damages and incur substantial
unexpected operating expenses. Intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-consuming, even if the claims are subsequently
proven unfounded, and could divert management s attention from our business. If there is a successful claim of infringement, we
may not be able to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms, if at all. If we
are unsuccessful in defending claims that our intellectual property rights are invalid, we may not be able to enter into royalty or license
agreements on acceptable terms, if at all. Moreover, if we are unsuccessful in our pending patent infringement litigation, we could lose
certain patents that have been collateralized by third party funding partners. This could prohibit us from providing our products and
services to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our financial condition. 

Certain
of our recently developed products are not yet commercially accepted and there can be no assurance that those products will be accepted,
which would adversely affect our financial results. 

We ve acquired
several patents in the bio-health field through our acquisition if Impact Biomedical, Inc. Our business plan includes plans to incur
significant marketing, intellectual property development and sales costs for the bio-health related products. If we are not able to develop
and sell these new products, our financial results will be adversely affected. 

The
results of our research and development efforts are uncertain and there can be no assurance of the commercial success of our products. 

We believe that we
will need to continue to incur research and development expenditures to remain competitive. The products we are currently developing
or may develop in the future may not be technologically successful. In addition, the length of our product development cycle may be greater
than we originally expected, and we may experience delays in future product development. If our resulting products are not technologically
successful, they may not achieve market acceptance or compete effectively with our competitors products. 

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively, especially against established industry
competitors with greater market presence and financial resources. 

Our markets are highly
competitive and characterized by rapid technological change and product innovations. Our competitors may have advantages over us because
of their longer operating histories, more established products, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and greater financial,
technical and marketing resources. As a result, they may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in
customer requirements and devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products. Competition may also force us to decrease
the price of our products and services. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in developing and introducing new technology
on a timely basis, new products with enhanced features, or that these products, if introduced, will enable us to establish selling prices
and gross margins at profitable levels. 

16 

If
we are unable to respond to regulatory or industry standards effectively, our growth and development could be delayed or limited. 

Our future success
will depend in part on our ability to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our products and services in accordance with
regulatory or industry standards. Our ability to compete effectively will depend in part on our ability to influence and respond to emerging
industry governmental standards in a timely and cost-effective manner. If we are unable to influence these or other standards or respond
to these or other standards effectively, our growth and development of various products and services could be delayed or limited. 

Breaches
in security, whether cyber or physical, and other disruptions and/or our inability to prevent or respond to such breaches, could diminish
our ability to generate revenues or contain costs, compromise our assets, and negatively impact our business in other ways. 

We face certain security
threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure, attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information,
and threats to physical and cyber security. Our information technology networks and related systems are critical to the operation of
our business and essential to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. The risks of a security breach, cyber-attack,
cyber intrusion, or disruption, particularly through actions taken by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, have
increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Although
we have acquired and developed systems and processes designed to protect our proprietary and/or classified information, they may not
be sufficient and the failure to prevent these types of events could disrupt our operations, require significant management attention
and resources, and could negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, which could have a negative impact on our
financial condition, and weaken our results of operations and liquidity. 

Our
investments in Asia are subject to unique risks and uncertainties, including tariffs and trade restrictions. 

Our investment in Alset International Limited, presents risks including, but not limited to, changes in share
price of investments, changes in local regulatory requirements, changes in labor laws, local wage laws, environmental regulations, taxes
and operating licenses, compliance with U.S. regulatory requirements, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, uncertainties as to
application and interpretation of local laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights, currency restrictions, currency
exchange controls, fluctuations of currency, and currency revaluations, eminent domain claims, civil unrest, power outages, water shortages,
labor shortages, labor disputes, increase in labor costs, rapid changes in government, economic and political policies, political or
civil unrest, acts of terrorism, or the threat of boycotts, other civil disturbances and the possible impact of the imposition of tariffs
as a result of the tariff dispute between the U.S. and China as well as any retaliating trade policies or restrictions. Any such disruptions
could depress our earnings and have other material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Future
growth in our business could make it difficult to manage our resources. 

Future business expansion
could place a significant strain on our management, administrative and financial resources. Significant growth in our business may require
us to implement additional operating, product development and financial controls, improve coordination among marketing, product development
and finance functions, increase capital expenditures and hire additional personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
successfully manage any substantial expansion of our business, including attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Any failure to
properly manage our future growth could negatively impact our business and operating results. 

If
we fail to retain certain of our key personnel and attract and retain additional qualified personnel, we might not be able to remain
competitive, continue to expand our technology or pursue growth. 

Our future success
depends upon the continued service of certain of our executive officers and other key sales and research personnel who possess longstanding
industry relationships and technical knowledge of our products and operations. Although we believe that our relationship with these individuals
is positive, there can be no assurance that the services of these individuals will continue to be available to us in the future. There
can be no assurance that these persons will agree to continue to be employed by us after the expiration dates of their current contracts. 

17 

We
have identified weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting structure; any material weaknesses may cause errors in our
financial statements that could require restatements of our financial statements and investors may lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of
each year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in each Annual
Report on Form 10-K/A. We have had previously identified weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting following management s
annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting and, as a result of that assessment, management had concluded our controls
associated may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter
how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends. 

We do not intend
to declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain any earnings and other
cash resources for investment in our business. The payment of dividends on our common stock is subject to the discretion of our board
of directors and will depend on our operations, financial position, financial requirements, general business conditions, restrictions
imposed by financing arrangements, if any, legal restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors that our board of directors
deems relevant. 

We
may seek to develop additional new inventions and intellectual property, which would take time and would be costly. Moreover, the failure
to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for such inventions would lead to the loss of our investments in such activities. 

Part of our business
may include the development of new inventions and intellectual property that we would seek to monetize. However, this aspect of our business
would likely require significant capital and would take time to achieve. Such activities could also distract our management team from
our present business initiatives, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. There is also the risk that these initiatives
would not yield any viable new inventions or technology, which would lead to a loss of our investments in time and resources in such
activities. 

18 

In addition, even
if we are able to develop new inventions, in order for those inventions to be viable and to compete effectively, we would need to develop
and maintain, and we would heavily rely on, a proprietary position with respect to such inventions and intellectual property. However,
there are significant risks associated with any such intellectual property we may develop principally including the following: 

patent
 applications we may file may not result in issued patents or may take longer than we expect to result in issued patents; 

we
 may be subject to interference proceedings; 

we
 may be subject to opposition proceedings in the U.S. or foreign countries; 

any
 patents that are issued to us may not provide meaningful protection; 

we
 may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

other
 companies may challenge patents issued to us; 

other
 companies may design around technologies we have developed; and 

enforcement
 of our patents may be complex, uncertain and very expensive. 

We cannot be certain
that patents will be issued as a result of any future applications, or that any of our patents, once issued, will provide us with adequate
protection from competing products. For example, issued patents may be circumvented or challenged, declared invalid or unenforceable,
or narrowed in scope. In addition, since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries,
we cannot be certain that it will be the first to make our additional new inventions or to file patent applications covering those inventions.
It is also possible that others may have or may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing our products or require
us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. As to those
patents that we may license or otherwise monetize, our rights will depend on maintaining our obligations to the licensor under the applicable
license agreement, and we may be unable to do so. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for our inventions would
lead to the loss of our investments in such activities, which would have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

Moreover, patent
application delays could cause delays in recognizing revenue from our internally generated patents and could cause us to miss opportunities
to license patents before other competing technologies are developed or introduced into the market. 

Changes
in the laws and regulations to which we are subject may increase our costs. 

We are subject to
numerous laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, environmental and health and welfare benefit regulations, as well as those
associated with being a public company. These rules and regulations may be changed by local, state, provincial, national or foreign governments
or agencies. Such changes may result in significant increases in our compliance costs. Compliance with changes in rules and regulations
could require increases to our workforce, and could result in increased costs for services, compensation and benefits, and investment
in new or upgraded equipment. 

Declines
in general economic conditions or acts of war and terrorism may adversely impact our business. 

Demand for printing
services is typically correlated with general economic conditions. The prolonged decline in United States economic conditions associated
with the great recession adversely impacted our business and results of operations and may do so again. The overall business climate
of our industry may also be impacted by domestic and foreign wars or acts of terrorism, which events may have sudden and unpredictable
adverse impacts on demand for our products and services. 

19 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE American LLC Exchange, it may result in a delisting of our common
stock from the exchange. 

Our common stock
is currently listed for trading on the NYSE American LLC Exchange NYSE American ), and the continued listing of our common
stock on the NYSE American is subject to our compliance with a number of listing standards. 

If our common stock
were no longer listed on the NYSE American, investors might only be able to trade our shares on the OTC Bulletin Board or in the
Pink Sheets (a quotation medium operated by Pink Sheets LLC). This would impair the liquidity of our common stock not only in the
number of shares that could be bought and sold at a given price, which might be depressed by the relative illiquidity, but also through
delays in the timing of transactions and reduction in media coverage. 

If
we are delisted from the NYSE American, your ability to sell your shares of our common stock may be limited by the penny stock restrictions,
which could further limit the marketability of your shares. 

If our common stock
is delisted from the NYSE American, it could come within the definition of a penny stock as defined in the Exchange Act
and could be covered by Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. That rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who
sell securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, the broker-dealer
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction
prior to the sale. Consequently, Rule 15g-9, if it were to become applicable, would affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers
to sell our securities, and accordingly would affect the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the public market. These
additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional capital in the future. 

If
our common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, compliance with applicable state securities laws may be required for
certain offers, transfers and sales of the shares of our common stock. 

Because our common
stock is listed on the NYSE American, we are not required to register or qualify in any state the offer, transfer or sale of the common
stock. If our common stock is delisted from the NYSE American and is not eligible to be listed on another national securities exchange,
sales of stock pursuant to the exercise of warrants and transfers of the shares of our common stock sold by us in private placements
to U.S. holders may not be exempt from state securities laws. In such event, it will be the responsibility of us in the case of warrant
exercises or the holder of privately placed shares to register or qualify the shares for any offer, transfer or sale in the United States
or to determine that any such offer, transfer or sale is exempt under applicable state securities laws. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding
our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market
for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business.
Our research coverage by industry and financial analysts is currently limited. Even if our analyst coverage increases, if one or more
of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage
of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause
our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Because
certain of our stockholders control a significant number of shares of our common stock, they may have effective control over actions
requiring stockholder approval. 

As of March 1,2024,
our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders (those beneficially owning in excess of 5 ), and their respective affiliates,
beneficially own approximately 59 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, could
have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and
any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As such, these stockholders, acting together, could have
the ability to exert influence over the management and affairs of our company. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership might harm
the market price of our common stock by: delaying, deferring or preventing a change in corporate control; impeding a merger, consolidation,
takeover or other business combination involving us; or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting
to obtain control of us. 

20 

Additional
financing or future equity issuances may result in future dilution to our shareholders. 

We expect that we
will need to raise additional funds in the future to finance our internal growth, our merger and acquisition plans, investment activities,
continued research and product development, and for other reasons. Any required additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable
to us, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, you may experience significant dilution of your ownership
interest and the newly issued securities may have rights senior to those of the holders of our common stock. The price per share at which
we sell additional securities in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share in this offering. Alternatively,
if we raise additional funds by obtaining loans from third parties, the terms of those financing arrangements may include negative covenants
or other restrictions on our business that could impair our operational flexibility and would also require us to fund additional interest
expense. If adequate additional financing is not available when required or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to
successfully execute our business plan. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
1C - CYBERSECURITY 

We
have a range of security measures that are designed to protect against the unauthorized access to and misappropriation of our information,
corruption of data, intentional or unintentional disclosure of confidential information, or disruption of operations. These security
measures include controls, security processes and monitoring of our manufacturing systems. We have cloud security tools and governance
processes designed to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. In addition, we maintain an information
security training program designed to address phishing and email security, password security, data handling security, cloud security,
operational technology security processes, and cyber-incident response and reporting processes. 

Our
Company is committed to maintaining the highest standards of cybersecurity to protect our data, intellectual property, and customer information
from cyber threats. As part of this commitment, we leverage a sophisticated cybersecurity framework that integrates the robust capabilities
of the Microsoft cloud ecosystem with the specialized services of a leading third-party cybersecurity service provider. 

The
Microsoft cloud ecosystem, including Microsoft 365, Azure, SharePoint Online, Microsoft Defender, and Microsoft InTune, forms the backbone
of our cybersecurity infrastructure. These platforms offer advanced security features such as data encryption in transit and at rest,
network security controls, identity and access management, and threat protection capabilities. Microsoft s constant investment
in cybersecurity research and development ensures that we benefit from cutting-edge security technologies and practices. 

In
addition to utilizing the Microsoft cloud ecosystem, we have engaged a third-party service provider to enhance our cybersecurity posture
further. This provider brings additional layers of security through services including: 

Software
 Security Management: Ensuring that applications such as Office 365 and Azure are configured, maintained and following best security
 practices. 

Security
 Monitoring and Consultation Services: Continuous monitoring of our systems for suspicious activities and providing expert consultation
 to address and mitigate potential threats. 

21 

Data
 Storage and Backup of Source Systems: Implementing robust data storage solutions and backup protocols to ensure data integrity and
 availability. 

Security
 Policy Management: Developing and enforcing comprehensive security policies that govern all aspects of our cybersecurity efforts. 

Threat
 Response Management: Rapid identification and response to security incidents to minimize impact. 

Security
 Software Implementation: Deployment of state-of-the-art security software solutions that complement the security features of the
 Microsoft cloud ecosystem. 

Our
approach to cybersecurity is proactive and multifaceted, combining the scalability and reliability of the Microsoft cloud services with
the agility and expertise of our third-party cybersecurity partner. Together, these resources form a comprehensive defense mechanism
against a wide range of cyber threats, from phishing and malware attacks to sophisticated nation-state sponsored cyber-attacks. We continuously
evaluate and adapt our cybersecurity strategy to respond to evolving threats and to align with best practices and regulatory requirements.
Our commitment to cybersecurity is integral to our business operations, and we believe our strategic investments in this area significantly
mitigate the risk of cybersecurity incidents that could impact our company s reputation, financial position, or operational capabilities. 

Governance 

The
management of the Company is responsible for overseeing risk for the Company and has delegated to the VP, Engineering Technology VPE T the responsibility for overseeing the cybersecurity risk management strategy for the Company. Management receives
regular updates on our cybersecurity risk management process from the VPE T. The VPE T reviews our comprehensive cybersecurity
framework, including reviewing our cybersecurity reporting protocol that provides for the notification, escalation and communication
of significant cybersecurity events to the management team. 

The
Company s cybersecurity program is overseen by our VPE T, who is responsible for global information technology, including cybersecurity.
Our VPE T, is primarily responsible for assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, including monitoring the
measures used for prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The information security organization
is comprised of internal IBIO employees and external security suppliers who provide security monitoring and response. 

ITEM
2 - PROPERTIES 

The corporate
group and the packaging division has occupied an approximate 105,000 square foot leased facility, located at 275 Wiregrass Parkway,
Henrietta, New York since March 2022. This lease expires twelve years and 3 months later. Base rents escalate from 61,000 per month in
year one to 78,000 per month in year twelve. In March 2021, the Company leased Suite 100 for approximately 3,800 sq. ft. in Houston
for approximately 4,400 per month, in October 2022 the Company expanded the space by acquiring neighboring Suite 130. The Company
currently leases both Suite 100 and Suite 130 at approximately 3,855 square feet for approximately 5,000 per month. The office is
in Houston, Texas at 1400 Broadfield Blvd., Suite 100 and Suite 130, for corporate offices and subsidiary expansion. Ate 30 Old
Kings Highway South in Darien, CT we have a flexible executive office suite facility that we use for DSS Wealth Management Office.
The cost for this service is nominal at only 85/month. 

ITEM
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On
February 15, 2021, Maiden Biosciences, Inc. Maiden commenced an action against DSS, Inc. DSS ), Decentralized
Sharing Systems, Inc. Decentralized ), HWH World, Inc. HWH ), RBC Life International, Inc. (RBC International)
(together, the DSS Defendants ), Frank D. Heuszel Heuszel ), RBC Life Sciences, Inc RBC ), Steven
E. Brown, Clinton Howard, and Andrew Howard (collectively, Defendants ). The lawsuit is currently pending in the United
States District Court Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, and is styled and numbered Maiden Biosciences, Inc. v. Document Security
Stems, Inc., et al., Case No. 3:21-cv-00327. 

This
lawsuit relates to two promissory notes executed by RBC in the 4 th quarter of 2019 in favor of Decentralized and HWH, totaling
approximately 1,000,000. Maiden, a 2020 default judgment creditor of RBC, in the principal amount of 4,329,000, now complains about
those notes, the funding of those notes, the subsequent default of those notes by RBC, and HWH and Decentralized s subsequent Article
9 foreclosure or deed-in-lieu debt conveyances. In the instant lawsuit, Maiden first asserted claims against Defendants for unjust enrichment,
fraudulent transfer under the Texas Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act TUFTA ), and violation of the Racketeer Influenced
and Corrupt Organizations Act RICO ). Maiden also sought a judgment from the court declaring: (1) Defendants lacked
a valid security interest in RBC and RBC Subsidiaries assets and therefore lacked the authority to sell the assets during the
public foreclosure sale; (2) Defendant Heuszel s low bid at the public foreclosure sale was invalid and void; (3) the public foreclosure
sale was conducted in a commercially unreasonable manner; and (4) Defendants do not have the legal authority to transfer RBC and RBC s
Subsidiaries assets to Heuszel and HWH. Maiden sought to recover from Defendants: (1) treble damages or, alternatively, damages
in the amount of their underlying judgment plus the other creditors claims or the value of the assets transferred, whichever is
less, plus punitive or exemplary damages; (2) pre- and post-judgment interest; and (3) attorneys fees and cost. 

22 

On
March 30, 2021, Defendants DSS, Decentralized, HWH, RBC International, and Heuszel filed a motion to dismiss seeking to dismiss Maiden s
unjust enrichment, exemplary damages, and RICO claims against DSS, Decentralized, HWH, RBC Life International, Inc., and Heuszel, as
well as Maiden s fraudulent transfer claims against DSS and RBC International. On August 9, 2021, the Court then entered an order
granting in part the motion to dismiss filed on behalf of DSS, Decentralized, HWH, RBC International, and Heuszel. Among other things,
the Court held that Maiden failed to plausibly plead certain causes of action, including (1) the civil RICO claim against DSS, Decentralized,
HWH, RBC International, and Heuszel, (2) the TUFTA claim against DSS, and (3) the unjust enrichment claim against DSS and RBC International.
Notably, the Court declined the request to dismiss the TUFTA claim against RBC International. On September 3, 2021, Maiden filed its
first amended complaint, asserting a single cause of action against the DSS Defendants, Heuszel, and RBC for an alleged TUFTA violation. 

Generally,
Maiden sought the same relief requested in its original complaint. Maiden, however, abandoned its request for treble damages. On September
17, 2021, the DSS Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint seeking to dismiss Maiden s TUFTA claim to the extent
it seeks to avoid a transfer of assets owned by any of RBC s subsidiaries, including but not limited to RBC Life Sciences USA,
Inc. RBC USA ). Further, the motion to dismiss sought the dismissal of Maiden s TUFTA claim against Heuszel. On November
19, 2021, the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part, dismissing Maiden s claim against Heuszel and determined Maiden failed
to plead that it was a creditor of RBC USA or RBC s other subsidiaries. However, the Court permitted Maiden to replead once again. 

On
December 17, 2021, Maiden filed its second amended complaint which asserted a single TUFTA claim against only the DSS Defendants, RBC,
and RBC USA. During the discovery period, the Parties conducted written discovery, production of documents, and depositions of fact witnesses
and expert witnesses. The discovery period closed on August 9, 2022. The DSS Defendants have engaged Stout Risius Ross, LLC Stout to provide expert opinions regarding the value of the assets at issue. 

The
trial in this matter began on December 12, 2022. The Company vigorously defended its position that Maiden should recover nothing on its
TUFTA claim. The DSS Defendants experts at Stout provided expert opinions regarding the value of the assets at issue and the deficiencies
with Maiden s designated expert s opinions. The jury returned a verdict in favor of Maiden, and the Court entered a judgment
on December 20, 2022. The DSS Defendants filed post-judgment motions seeking reversal of the judgment for several reasons, including
that: (1) the evidence does not support Maiden s claim against the Company; (2) recovery of exemplary damages under TUFTA is unsupported;
and (3) the evidence established that the DSS Defendants are entitled to judgment in their favor on their affirmative defenses. After
the DSS Defendants filed their post-judgment motions, the case was settled for 8.75 million, the Court s December 20, 2022 judgment
was vacated, and the case was dismissed with prejudice. 

In
addition to the foregoing, we may become subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business and have not
been finally adjudicated. Adverse decisions in any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
cash flows or our financial condition. The Company accrues for potential litigation losses when a loss is probable and estimable. 

ITEM
4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

23 

Part
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our common stock
is listed on the NYSE American LLC Exchange, where it trades under the symbol DSS . 

Holders
of Record 

As
of March 1, 2024, we had 310 record holders of our common stock. This number does not include the number
of persons whose shares are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. 

Dividends 

We did not pay
dividends during 2022. In 2023, we did not pay cash dividends. In April 2023, DSS distributed to its shareholders two (2) shares of
its beneficially owned common stock of Sharing Services Global Corporation (OTC: SHRG) for each share of DSS common stock owned. In
August of 2023, the Company issued four (4) shares of Impact BioMedical, Inc., formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to
its shareholders of record on July 10, 2023. 

The payment of dividends
on our common stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our operations, financial position, financial
requirements, general business conditions, restrictions imposed by financing arrangements, if any, legal restrictions on the payment
of dividends and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31,
2023, securities issued and securities available for future issuance under both our 2013 and 2020 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity
Incentive Plan (the Plans is as follows: 

Restricted stock to be issued upon vesting 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance (under equity compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a b)) 

Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan - options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan - warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2020 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 460,846 

Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 460,846 

24 

Recent
Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

Information regarding
any equity securities we have sold during the period covered by this Report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and was not included in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in a current report on Form 8-K, is set forth below. Each such
transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or
Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated by the SEC, unless otherwise noted. Unless stated otherwise: (i) the securities were offered and
sold only to accredited investors; (ii) there was no general solicitation or general advertising related to the offerings; (iii) each
of the persons who received these unregistered securities had knowledge and experience in financial and business matters which allowed
them to evaluate the merits and risk of the receipt of these securities, and that they were knowledgeable about our operations and financial
condition; (iv) no underwriter participated in, nor did we pay any commissions or fees to any underwriter in connection with the transactions;
and, (v) each certificate issued for these unregistered securities contained a legend stating that the securities have not been registered
under the Securities Act and setting forth the restrictions on the transferability and the sale of the securities. 

Shares
Repurchased by the Registrant 

We did not purchase
or repurchase any of our securities in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM
6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain statements
contained herein this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 (the 1995 Reform Act ). Except for the historical information contained herein, this report contains
forward-looking statements (identified by words such as estimate , project , anticipate , plan ,
 expect , intend , believe , hope , strategy and similar expressions),
which are based on our current expectations and speak only as of the date made. These forward-looking statements are subject to various
risks, uncertainties, and factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-looking
statements. 

Overview 

The Company,
which was incorporated in the state of New York in May 1984, previously conducted its business under the name of Document Security Systems,
Inc On September 16, 2021, our board of
directors approved an agreement and plan of merger with a wholly owned subsidiary, DSS, Inc. This
subsidiary, incorporated in August 2020, was created for the sole purpose of facilitating a transformational name change from
Document Security Systems, Inc. to DSS, Inc. This significant shift in our identity became official on September 30, 2021. With the
name change, DSS, Inc. retained its trading symbol, DSS, and is currently trading under its CUSIP number to 26253C 201. This change reflects not only our evolution as a company but also our commitment to adapting and growing in an ever-changing
business landscape. DSS, Inc. (referred to herein as DSS, we, us, or our now operates across five distinct business lines, each with its own unique scope and presence on a global scale. These business
lines encompass a wide range of industries and sectors, including: 

Product Packaging:
Our involvement in product packaging represents our dedication to delivering innovative and sustainable packaging solutions that meet
the evolving needs of various markets. 

Biotechnology: In
the field of biotechnology, we are focused on pioneering scientific advancements and technologies that have the potential to transform
human healthcare and wellness. 

25 

Direct Marketing:
Our direct marketing endeavors involve strategic efforts to engage with customers and clients, providing tailored solutions and services
that enhance their experiences. 

Commercial Lending:
We are actively engaged in commercial lending, offering a suite of financial services that cater to the unique needs of businesses, ranging
from commercial lines of credit to land development financing. 

Securities and Investment Management:
In the world of securities and investment management, we aim to provide expertise and guidance to help our clients navigate the complexities
of the financial markets and achieve their investment goals. 

Each of these business lines is at a
different stage of development, growth, and income generation, reflecting the diversity of our operations. This multi-faceted approach
allows us to adapt to changing market conditions and explore new opportunities for expansion and success. We are committed to our continued
evolution and to delivering value to our stakeholders across these diverse business lines. 

The Company, initially incorporated in
the state of New York in May 1984, had historically conducted its business under the name Document Security Systems, Inc. However, on
September 16, 2021, our board of directors approved an agreement and plan of merger with a
wholly owned subsidiary, DSS, Inc. (incorporated in August 2020). The primary purpose of this merger was to affect a name change from
Document Security Systems, Inc. to DSS, Inc., which officially took effect on September 30, 2021. This change did not affect
our trading symbol, which remained as DSS, and is currently trading under its CUSIP number to 26253C 201. 

Diverse
Business Lines and Global Presence: 

Under the banner of DSS, Inc., we have
diversified our operations into nine distinct business lines, each with its own unique scope and geographical footprint. These business
lines include: 

Product Packaging: Led by Premier Packaging
Corporation, Inc. Premier ), a New York corporation, this segment specializes in paperboard and fiber-based folding carton
manufacturing, consumer product packaging, and document security printing. Premier is headquartered in its newly established facility
in Rochester, NY, primarily serving the US market. 

Biotechnology: This business line is
dedicated to investing in or acquiring companies in the BioHealth and BioMedical fields, focusing on drug discovery, prevention, treatment
of various diseases, and open-air defense initiatives against infectious diseases. 

Direct Marketing: Operating under the
umbrella of Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. Decentralized ), this division provides services to companies in the emerging
growth Gig business model of peer-to-peer decentralized sharing marketplaces. It specializes in marketing and distributing
products and services across North America, Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Eastern Europe. 

Commercial Lending: American Pacific
Bancorp, Inc. APB represents our banking and financing business line. During 2023, APB issued more than 14 million in
new loans, and over 4 million in renewal loan to customers with strong credit quality across a diverse portfolio of businesses. Looking
ahead, to better meet the needs of the current financial market, the company is looking to transition away form certain industries like
direct marketing and focus more on growing its inventory / equipment loan portfolio as well as engaging in more specialized areas of
lending like broker/dealer loans. We will continue to monitor our managed loan portfolio of more than 6 million, which earns 1.25 
annually in service charges, and explore future opportunities. Importantly, the equity portfolio as a bank holding company is anticipated
to remain relatively stable, regardless of stock market fluctuations. 

Securities and Investment Management:
This division focuses on acquiring assets in the securities trading and management arena, including broker-dealers and mutual funds management.
It also oversees a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires hospitals and care centers. 

Alternative Trading: Established to acquire
assets and investments in the securities trading and funds management arena, this segment, in partnership with recognized global leaders,
intends to operate a blockchain-based Alternative Trading System ATS for digital asset securities, exempt from registration.
The ATS aims to provide T+0 settlement and foster liquidity for middle-market companies. 

26 

Digital Transformation: This division
serves as a Preferred Technology Partner and Application Development Solution for mid-cap brands, enhancing marketing, communications,
and operational processes through custom software development. Digital Transformation was headquartered in Hong Kong until its discontinuation
in 2023. 

Secure Living: Focused on creating fully
sustainable, secure, connected, and healthy living communities, this division designs advanced technology-infused, energy-efficient homes
for new construction and renovations, catering to single and multi-family residential housing. Secure Living was headquartered in Houston, Texas, until it was wound down
in 2023. 

Alternative
Energy: Alset Energy, Inc., our holding company for this group, and its subsidiary Alset Solar, Inc., pursue utility-scale solar
farms to serve regional power grids and provide microgrids for independent energy. The group is dedicated to environmentally
responsible and sustainable energy solutions. Alset Energy was headquarters in Houston, Texas until its discontinuation
in 2023. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Revenue 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Year ended 
 December
 31, 2022 
 (as restated) 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 

Printed products 
 18,497,000 
 17,973,000 
 3 
 
 Rental income 
 3,647,000 
 6,287,000 
 -42 
 
 Management fee income 
 - 
 134,000 
 -100 
 
 Net investment income 
 385,000 
 630,000 
 -39 
 
 Commission Revenue 
 1,641,000 
 294,000 
 458 
 
 Direct marketing 
 1,763,000 
 3,065,000 
 -42 
 
 Total Revenue 
 25,933,000 
 28,383,000 
 -9 

27 

Revenue
- For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenue decreased 9 to approximately 25.9 million as compared to revenues
of approximately 28.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Printed products sales, which include sales of packaging and
printing products, increased 3 in 2023 as compared to 2022. The increases in sales were due primarily to the addition of several
new customers during 2023 as well as key customers returned to pre-Covid 19 pandemic numbers. Net investment income of 385,000 as
of December 31, 2023 decreased 39 from 630,000 as of December 31, 2022 due to a number of notes receivable deemed uncollectible
and impaired during 2023. Rental income decreased 42 due a tenant at our AMRE LifeCare subsidiary not making rent payments. The
Company s Direct Marketing revenues decreased 42 in 2023 as compared to 2022 primarily to due to decreased sales in our HWH products worldwide. Commission revenue, associated with Sentinel Brokers Company subsidiary, increase 458 due to consolidating
a full year of result in 2023 versus 1 month in 2022. 

Costs
and Expenses 

Year ended 
 December
 31, 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 (as restated) 
 Change 
 
 Cost of revenue - printed products 
 15,282,000 
 16,960,000 
 -10 
 
 Cost of revenue - securities 
 8,003,000 
 11,784,000 
 -32 
 
 Cost of revenue biotechnology 
 77,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 
 Cost of revenue commercial lending 
 1,139,000 
 1,041,000 
 9 
 
 Cost of revenue direct marketing 
 818,000 
 2,573,000 
 -68 
 
 Cost of revenue other 
 71,000 
 634,000 
 -89 
 
 Sales, general and administrative compensation 
 5,662,000 
 6,592,000 
 -14 
 
 Professional fees 
 3,708,000 
 9,186,000 
 -60 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 - 
 4,000 
 -100 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 2,356,000 
 3,309,000 
 -29 
 
 Rent and utilities 
 790,000 
 975,000 
 -19 
 
 Research and development 
 1,147,000 
 1,256,000 
 -9 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 6,680,000 
 4,047,000 
 65 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 45,733,000 
 58,361,000 
 -22 

Costs
of revenue includes all direct costs of the Company s printed products, including its packaging and printing
sales and its direct marketing sales, materials, direct labor, transportation, and manufacturing facility costs. In addition, this
category includes all direct costs associated with the Company s technology sales, services and licensing including hardware
and software that are resold, third-party fees, and fees paid to inventors or others because of technology licenses or settlements,
if any. Cost of revenue for our REIT line of business includes all direct cost associated with the maintenance and upkeep of the
related facilities, depreciation, amortization and the costs to acquire the facilities. Our Commercial Lending operating segment has
costs of revenue associated with the impairment of notes receivable for those amounts at risk of collection. Total costs of revenue
decreased 23 in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to a decrease in cost of revenue within our printed products division, in
particular paper costs as well as cost associated with our REIT line of business, and the sale of our Asian direct marketing business line. 

Sales,
general and administrative compensation costs, decreased 14 in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to the reduction of head count within our Direct Marketing business segment. 

Professional
fees decreased 60 in 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to a decrease in legal fees associated with the direct marketing
segment, accounting fees, and due diligence fees related to potential acquisitions. 

Stock
based compensation includes expense charges for all stock-based awards to employees, directors, and consultants. Such awards
include option grants, warrant grants, and restricted stock awards. There was no stock based compensation during the year ended
December 31, 2023. 

Sales
and marketing costs, which includes internet and trade publication advertising, travel and entertainment costs,
sales-broker commissions, and trade show participation expenses, decreased 29 during 2023 as compared to 2022, primarily due to
decreased direct marketing distributor commissions within our direct marketing line of business as
well as the sale of our HWH World Holdings subsidiary in June 2023. 

28 

Rent
and utilities decreased 19 during the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022 respectively,
primarily due to end of the lease in Tennessee for AMRE office space and California for the Company s DSS Wealth Management
subsidiary as well as the deconsolidation of SHRG. The Company rented additional space at our facility leased in Houston, Texas started during the 2022 as well as Premier
Packaging s leased facility beginning in March 2022. 

Research
and development costs consist primarily of third-party research costs and consulting costs. During the year ended December 31, 2023,
Research and development costs decreased 9 as compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to decrease in such activities
at our Impact Biomedical, Inc. subsidiary. 

Other
operating expenses consist primarily of equipment maintenance and repairs, office supplies, IT support, and insurance costs.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, other operating expenses increased 65 as compared to the same period in 2022, due primarily
to the reserves put against rent receivables at our AMRE subsidiary approximating 2.4 million. 

Other
Income and Expense 

Year ended
December 31, 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Year ended 
 December
 31, 2022 
 (as restated) 
 Change 
 
 Interest income 
 1,283,000 
 629,000 
 104 
 
 Interest expense 
 (553,000 
 (126,000 
 339 
 
 Dividend Income 
 16,000 
 159,000 
 -90 
 
 Other income 
 532,000 
 1,518,000 
 -65 
 
 Loss on investments 
 (4,967,000 
 (1,196,000 
 315 
 
 Impairment of assets upon deconsolidation 
 (6,220,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 
 Loss from equity method investment 
 (34,000 
 129,000 
 -126 
 
 Impairment of fixed assets 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 
 Impairment of real estate investments 
 (8,230,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 
 Impairment of investment 
 - 
 (5,637,000 
 -100 
 
 Litigation loss 
 - 
 (8,750,000 
 -100 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 (30,978,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 (3,794,000 
 - 
 N/A 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 110,000 
 -100 
 
 Loss on sale of assets 
 (1,300,000 
 405,000 
 -421 
 
 Total other expense 
 (54,239,000 
 (12,759,000 
 -325 

Interest
income is recognized on the Company s money markets, and notes receivable identified in Note 5. 

Interest
expense increased 339 year-over-year primarily due to the increase in debt at Premier Packaging during 2023 as well an increase
in interest rate associated with the debt at LVAM. 

Dividend income
 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 represent
dividends received on certain marketable securities owned by the Company. 

Other
income decreased 65 during the year 2023 as compared to 2022 and is driven by normal business operations. 

Loss
on investments consists of net realized and unrealized losses on marketable securities which are recognized as the difference
between the purchase price and sale price of the common stock investment, and net unrealized losses on marketable securities which are
recognized on the change in fair market value on our common stock investment. 

Impairment
of assets upon deconsolidation is driven by the Company s distribution of approximately 280 million shares of SHRG in May 2023
which resulted in a decrease in its ownership percentage of SHRG s common stock from approximately 81 to 7 . 

Impairment
of investments is driven by the Company impairment of its investment in Vivacitas approximately 4,100,000 as of December
31, 2022. 

Gain
(loss) from equity method investment represents the Company s prorated portion of earnings for its investments accounted
for under the equity method for the year ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Impairment of fixed assets 
as of December 31, 2022 is associated with the write down of fair value of SHRG s Lindon, Utah property. 

Impairment
of investments in real estate At
December 31, 2023, the Company performed an assessment of the fair value of its AMRE LifeCare and AMRE Winter Haven properties and
determined an impairment was necessary. 

29 

Litigation
loss represents the Company s cost to settle its litigation with Maiden Biosciences litigation, which was settled, and
the Court s December 20, 2022 judgment was vacated, and the case was dismissed with prejudice (see Note 18). 

Impairment
of goodwill during the 4 th quarter of 2023, the Company performed qualitative and quantitative assessments of the
goodwill value associated with its APB and Sentinel subsidiaries and determined that as of December 31, 2023 both assets required
impairment. At December 31, 2023, the Company fully impaired the value of APB and Sentinel goodwill of approximately 29,744,000 and
 1,234,000, respectively. 

Provision
for loan losses during the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company reviewed the entire loan portfolio and determined specific loans
required an allowance for credit losses. See Note 6. 

Gain
on extinguishment of debt During the three months ended June 30, 2022, AAMI 110,000 SBA Paycheck Protection Program
was forgiven in full. 

Loss
on sale of assets is driven by the Company s loss on the sale of equity of HWH Holdings Inc and loss on sale of assets
of HWH World as identified in Note 8. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company has historically met its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through the sale of its equity securities
and debt financing. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had cash of approximately 6.6 million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company
believes that it has sufficient cash to meet its cash requirements for at least the next 12 months from the filing date of this Annual
Report. In addition, the Company believes that it will have access to sources of capital from the sale of its equity securities and debt
financing. 

Cash
Flow from Operating Activities 

Net
cash used by operating activities was approximately 19.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to approximately
 27.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease is driven by a decrease in net loss from operations with
adjustments to reconcile net loss from operations to net
cash used by operating activities of approximately 30.8 million year over year, offset by increase in payments of accrued
expenses of approximately 20.1 million and accounts payable of 1.8 million year over year. 

Cash
Flow from Investing Activities 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was approximately 8.9 million for year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to net cash used
approximately 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 2.3 million
in property, plant, and equipment, 14.9 million of marketable securities, and issued 3.6 million in new notes receivable. In
comparison, the Company sold 9.5 million in marketable securities and issued 1.0 million in new notes receivable for the year
ended December 31, 2023. 

Cash
Flow from Financing Activities 

Net
cash used by financing activities was approximately 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to net cash provided 7.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we borrowed 9.6 million of long-term debt as compared
to 1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Continuing
Operations and Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. This basis
of accounting contemplates the recovery of our assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments to the specific amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities, which might
be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. While the Company has approximately 6.6 million in cash, the Company
has incurred operating losses as well as negative cash flows from operating and investing activities over the past two years. 

Aside
from its 6.6 million in cash as of December 31, 2023, the Company believes it can continue as a going concern, due to its ability
to generate operating cash through the sale of its 10.0 million of Marketable Securities, and the anticipated receipts of principal
and interest on its Notes receivable of approximately 8.8 million through December 31, 2024. The Company has also taken steps to
sell its real estate holdings in Utah, Texas, Pennsylvania, and Florida. These properties approximate 51.6 million in assets and
are identified on the accompanying balance sheet as Held for sale. In addition, the Company has taken steps, and will continue to
take measures, to materially reduce the expenses and cash burn at all corporate and business line levels. Although there are no
assurances, we believe the above would allow us to fund our nine business lines current and planned operations for the twelve months
from the filing date of this Annual Report. Based on this, the Company has concluded that substantial doubt of its ability to
continue as a going concern has been alleviated. 

30 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, an effect on our financial condition, financial statements,
revenues or expenses. 

Inflation 

Although our operations
are influenced by general economic conditions, we do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our results of operations during
2023 or 2022 as we are generally able to pass the increase in our material and labor costs to our customers or absorb them as we improve
the efficiency of our operations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The preparation of
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates
that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. The financial statements as of December 31, 2023,
describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the financial statements. There have been no material
changes to such critical accounting policies as of the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Allowance
For Loans and Lease Losses 

On January 1, 2022,
the Company adopted amended accounting guidance ASU
No.2016-13 Credit Losses which requires an allowance for credit losses to be deducted from the amortized cost
basis of financial assets to present the net carrying value at the amount that is expected to be collected over the contractual term
of the asset considering relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect
the collectability of the reported amount. In estimating expected losses in the loan and lease portfolio, borrower-specific financial
data and macro-economic assumptions are utilized to project losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. Assumptions and
judgment are applied to measure amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, collateral values and other factors used to determine
the borrowers abilities to repay obligations. After the forecast period, the Company utilizes longer-term historical loss experience
to estimate losses over the remaining contractual life of the loans. Prior to 2022, the allowance for credit losses represented the amount
that in management s judgment reflected incurred credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet
date. 

31 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 

Level 2, defined as inputs other
than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments
in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and 

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived
from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

The carrying amounts
reported in the consolidated balance sheet of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaids, accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Marketable securities
classify as a Level 1 fair value financial instrument. The fair value of notes receivable approximates their carrying value as the stated
or discounted rates of the notes do not reflect recent market conditions. The fair value of revolving credit lines notes payable and
long-term debt approximates their carrying value as the stated or discounted rates of the debt reflect recent market conditions. The
fair value of investments where the fair value is not considered readily determinable, are carried at cost. 

Investments 

Investments in equity
securities with a readily determinable fair value, not accounted for under the equity method, are recorded at that value with unrealized
gains and losses included in earnings. For equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, the investment is recorded at
cost, less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments related to observable transactions for the same or similar securities, with unrealized
gains and losses included in earnings. 

For equity method
investments, the Company regularly reviews its investments to determine whether there is a decline in fair value below book value. If
there is a decline that is other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to fair value. See Note 9 for further discussion on investments. 

Revenue 

The Company recognizes
its revenue based on when the title passes to the customer or when the service is completed and accepted by the customer. Revenue is
measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for shipped product or service provided. Sales and
other taxes billed and collected from customers are excluded from revenue. The Company recognizes rental income associated with its REIT,
net of amortization of favorable/unfavorable lease terms relative to market and includes rental abatements and contractual fixed increases
attributable to operating leases, where collection has been considered probable, on a straight-line basis over the term of the related
lease. The Company recognizes net investment income from its investment banking line of business as interest owed to the Company occurs.
The Company generates revenue from its direct marketing line of business primarily through internet sales and recognizes revenue as items
are shipped. 

As of December 31,
2023, the Company had no unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of greater than one year.
Pursuant to Topic 606, the Company has applied the practical expedient with respect to disclosure of the deferral and future expected
timing of revenue recognition for transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations. The Company elected the practical
expedient allowing it to not recognize as a contract asset the commission paid to its salesforce on the sale of its products as an incremental
cost of obtaining a contract with a customer but rather recognize such commission as expense when incurred as the amortization period
of the asset that the Company would have otherwise recognized is one year or less. 

Discontinued
Operations 

On
May 4, 2023, the Company distributed approximately 280 million shares of Sharing Service Global Corporation SHRG ), beneficially
held by the Company, in the form of a dividend to the shareholders of the Company s common stock. Upon completion of this distribution,
the Company retained an ownership interest in SHRG of approximately 7 . Effective May 1, 2023, SHRG was deconsolidated from the consolidated
financial statements (the Deconsolidation ). The consolidated statement of operations does not include SHRG activity after
April 30, 2023 and the assets and liabilities of SHRG are no longer included within the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The
deconsolidation of SHRG is a strategic shift, as a significant portion of the Direct Marketing line of business was eliminated. While
the Decentralized Sharing Systems part of the business will continue to provide these services, SHRG was a significant portion of this
segment as it made up approximately 47 and 20 , respectively, of the total DSS revenue in 2022 and 2023. Accordingly, the Company has
applied discontinued operations treatment for this deconsolidation as required by Accounting Standards Codification 205 Discontinued
Operations. The major classes of assets and liabilities of SHRG are classified as Discontinued Operations on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets and the operating results of the discontinued operations is reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as Loss from
Discontinued Operations. See Note 19. 

Acquisitions 

Business combinations
and non-controlling interests are recorded in accordance with FASB ASC 805 Business Combinations. Under the guidance, the assets and
liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition and all acquisition costs are expensed
as incurred. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values is recorded as goodwill. If the fair value of the assets
acquired exceeds the purchase price and the liabilities assumed, then a gain on acquisition is recorded. The application of business
combination accounting requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions. 

Acquisition of assets are recorded
at their relative fair value based on total accumulated costs of the acquisition. Direct acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
This includes all costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a transaction. The allocation of the purchase price is an area
that requires judgment and significant estimates. Tangible and intangible assets include land, building and improvements, furniture,
fixtures and equipment, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value (if applicable). Acquisition-date fair values
of assets and assumed liabilities are determined based on replacement costs, appraised values, and estimated fair values using methods
like those used by independent appraisers and that use appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates and available market information. 

ITEM
7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

32 

ITEM
8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Financial
Statements 

DSS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 34 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 36 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 
 37 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 39 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

33 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of DSS,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of DSS, Inc, and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement
of Financial Statements 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 have been restated to correct certain misstatements. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Investments in real estate 

As described in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company owns real estate properties through their subsidiaries with a net book value of approximately 6,279,000, with
an additional 51,595,000 classified as held for sale. We identified the value of the real estate to be a critical audit matter. 

The principal consideration for our determination
of management s assessment of impairment of the real estate as a critical audit matter is the high degree of subjective auditor
judgment associated with evaluating management s determination of impairment of the real estate properties, which is primarily due
to the complexity of the valuation models used and the sensitivity of the underlying significant assumptions. The key assumptions used
within the valuation models included site valuations and various approaches such as cost, sales comparison, etc. The calculated fair values
are sensitive to changes in these key assumptions. 

34 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in
the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the determination
of the fair value of the real estate properties included the following, among others: 

a) 
 We obtained management s rollforward of investments in real estate from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2023 and tested any material additions by vouching to invoices and contracts. 

b) 
 We obtained third party valuations that assess the fair value of the properties from management. 

c) 
 We assessed the qualifications and competence of management and the qualifications, competence and objectivity of third-party specialist. 

d) 
 We engaged a valuation firm to review the valuation reports provided by management to determine if the reports were reasonable and acceptable based on the methodologies used by management s third-party valuation firm. We also assessed the qualifications and competence of the valuation firm. 

e) 
 We compared the net book value of the real estate properties to the fair values of the properties per the third-party valuations to determine that the carrying value is less than fair value and impairment was addressed properly. During the year ended December 31, 2023, Management reclassified the land and building related to AMRE LifeCare and AMRE Winter Haven to assets held for sale. 

f) 
 We assessed the sufficiency of the Company s disclosure of its accounting for these real estate properties included in Notes 3 and 10. 

Evaluation of Intangible Assets and Goodwill for
 Impairment 

As described in Notes 3 and 11 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company holds Intangible Assets and Goodwill through its subsidiaries with
a net book value of approximately 20,193,000 and 26,862,000, respectively. We identified the value of Intangible Assets and Goodwill
to be a critical audit matter. 

The principal consideration for our determination
of management s assessment of impairment of the Intangible Assets and Goodwill as a critical audit matter is the high degree of
subjective auditor judgment associated with evaluating management s determination of impairment of Intangible Assets and Goodwill,
which is primarily due to the complexity of the valuation models used and the sensitivity of the underlying significant assumptions. The
key assumptions used within the valuation models included qualitative and quantitative assessments. The calculated fair values are sensitive
to changes in these key assumptions. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in
the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the determination
of the fair value of the Intangible Assets and Goodwill included the following, among others: 

a) 
 We obtained management s rollforward of Intangible Assets and Goodwill in from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2023 and tested any material additions and disposals by vouching to agreements. 

b) 
 We obtained management s qualitative and quantitative assessments and third-party valuations that assess the fair value of the Intangible Assets and Goodwill. 

c) 
 We assessed the qualifications and competence of management and the qualifications, competence and objectivity of third-party specialists. 

d) 
 We reviewed the valuation reports provided by management to determine if the reports were reasonable and acceptable based on the methodologies used by management s third-party valuation firm. 

e) 
 We audited the critical inputs used in the valuation calculations and utilized the services of an independent auditor engaged specialist to ensure the methodologies and assumptions utilized by the Company s independent specialists were reasonable and in accordance with industry standards. 

f) 
 We assessed the sufficiency of the Company s disclosure of its accounting for Intangible Assets and Goodwill included in Notes 3 and 11. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 27, 2024, except for Notes 2, 3, 4, 7, 10, 11, 12, 19, and 21, as to which date is October 22, 2024 

35 

DSS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 

2023 
(as restated) 
 2022 
(as restated) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Current assets - discontinued operations 
 - 

Current portion of notes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Investment in real estate, net 

Other investments 

Investment, equity method 

Marketable securities 

Notes receivable 

Non-current assets - discontinued operations 
 - 

Other assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Current Liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Current portion of lease liability 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Long term lease liability 

Non-current liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Other long-term liabilities 
 - 

Deferred tax liability, net 
 - 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022); Liquidation value per share, aggregate. on December 31, 2022). 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total DSS stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiaries 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 

36 

DSS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
(as restated) 
 2022 
(as restated) 

Revenue: 

Printed products 

Rental income 

Management fee income 
 - 

Net investment income 

Direct marketing 

Commission revenue 

Total revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general and administrative (including stock based
 compensation) 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Dividend income 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Litigation loss 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

(Loss)/gain on equity method investment 

Loss on investments 

Impairment of investment 
 - 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of real estate assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of fixed assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment of assets upon deconsolidation 
 
 - 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 (Loss)/gain on sale 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income tax loss 

Loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Loss attributed to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Amounts attributable to DSS stockholders 

Loss from continuing operations net of taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations net of taxes 

Net loss attributable to DSS stockholders 

Loss per common share attributable to common stockholders continuing operations 

Basic 

Diluted 

Loss per common share attributable to common stockholders - discontinued
 operations 

Basic 

Diluted 

Shares used in computing loss per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes. 

37 

DSS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
(as restated) 
 2022 
(as restated) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss from operations to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation 
 - 

Gain/(loss) on equity method investment 

Loss on investments 

Change in ROU assets 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Deferred tax loss 
 - 

Loss on sales of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of fixed assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment of assets upon deconsolidation 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of real estate 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of notes receivable 

Impairment of other investments 
 - 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Change in ROU liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash (used) provided by operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used by operating activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of real estate 
 - 

Purchase of investment 
 - 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 - 

Disposal of property, plant equipment 

Asset acquired with APB acquisition 
 - 

Asset acquired with Sentinel acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of SHRG to consolidation 
 - 

Change in Equity investment 
 - 

Issuance of new notes receivable, net origination fees 

Payment received on notes receivable 

Sale of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of intangible assets 
 - 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities - continuing operations 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities - discontinued operations 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments of long-term debt 

Borrowings of long-term debt 

Issuances of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 - 

Net cash (used) provided by financing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used provided by financing activities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash (used) provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash continuing operations 

Net decrease in cash discontinued operations 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See accompanying notes. 

38 

DSS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total DSS 
 Non- controlling Interest
 in 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (as restated) 
 Equity 
(as restated) 
 Subsidiary 

(as restated) 
 
 Total 
 (as restated) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock, net of expenses 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Sentinel Brokers Company, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of Sharing Services Global Corporation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock based payments 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total DSS 
 Non- controlling Interest
 in 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 

(as restated) 
 Equity 

(as restated) 
 Subsidiary 

(as restated) 
 
 Total 

(as restated) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock, net of expenses 
 
 ,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Sentinel Brokers Company, Inc. shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fractional shares as a result of reverse stock split 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend in kind - Deconsolidation of Sharing Services Global Corporation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Deconsolidation of SHRG 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 

See accompanying notes. 

39 

DSS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

equity position of Sentinel Brokers Company, Inc. Sentinel Co. ),
a company registered in the state of New York, and in December 2022, Sentinel LLC exercised this option to increase its equity position
to . In May of 2023, Sentinel LLC acquired an additional increasing its equity position to . Sentinel is a broker-dealer operating
primarily as a fiduciary intermediary, facilitating intuitional trading of municipal and corporate bonds as well as preferred stock,
and is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ),
and is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC ). 

On
February 28, 2022, DSS entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Amendment with its shareholder Alset
EHome International Inc. AEI ), pursuant to which the Company and AEI have agreed to amend certain terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreement dated January 25, 2022 (the SPA ). Pursuant to the SPA, AEI had agreed to purchase up to shares of
the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of . Pursuant
to the Amendment, the number of shares of the common stock of the Company that the AEI will purchase has been reduced to shares
for an aggregate purchase price of . This transaction was completed on March 9, 2022. In addition, the Company s Executive
Chairman and a significant stockholder, Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest shareholder of AEI. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the issuance of up to Shares of our Common Stock to Alset International,
a related party, to purchase the Convertible Promissory Note issued by American Medical REIT, Inc. with a principal amount of 
and accrued but unpaid interest of through May 15, 2022. This transaction was finalized in July 2022. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the acquisition of shares of True Partners Capital Holdings Limited True Partners ), a company publicly traded on the Hong Kong stock exchange in exchange for shares of DSS stock.
The True Partner shares were acquired from Alset EHome International, Inc. Alset EHome ), a related party. Mr. Heng Fai
Ambrose Chan, our director and Executive Chairman, is also Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and the largest beneficial
owner of the outstanding shares of Alset EHome. This transaction was completed with the transfer of DSS share to Alset EHome on July
1, 2022 with the issuance of DSS shares, which were valued at per share, to Alset EHome. 

million shares of Sharing Service Global Corporation SHRG ), beneficially held by the Company, in the form of a
dividend to the shareholders of the Company s common stock. Upon completion of this distribution, the Company retained an ownership
interest in SHRG of approximately .
Effective May 1, 2023, SHRG was deconsolidated from the consolidated financial statements (the Deconsolidation ). The consolidated
statement of operations does not include SHRG activity after April 30, 2023 and the assets and liabilities of SHRG are no longer included
within the Company s consolidated balance sheet. In the 10-Q for the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded an approximate
 million loss on
deconsolidation. The Company also recorded an decrease in accumulated deficit of 
 million to reflect the reversal of balances as of deconsolidation. In preparation of the Form S-3 as well as the September 30,
2024 10-Q filing this transaction was revisited and it was determined that loss was unintentionally overstated by approximately 
 million driven primarily by the increases in accumulated deficit that should have been recorded as an
offset to the initial income statement loss. In addition, the Company has determined that Deconsolidation also requires the recognition
of discontinued operations. Management and the Audit Committee of the Company has concluded that restatement of its December 31, 2023
financial statements, filed on March 27, 2024, is required. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Current portion of notes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets - discontinued operations 
 - 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Other investments 

Marketable securities 

Other assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Other intangible assets, net 

Non-current assets - discontinued operations 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and deferred revenue 

Current portion of lease liability 

Current Liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Long term lease liability 

Non-current liabilities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Direct marketing revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general and administrative (including stock based compensation) 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 
 - 

Gain (loss) on investments 

Impairment of fixed assets 

- 
 
 Loss form continuing operations before taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 - 

Loss per common share - basic earnings per share 

Loss per common share - diluted earnings per share 

Loss per common share - discontinued operations basic 
 - 

Loss per common share - discontinued operations diluted 
 - 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Loss from discontinued operations 
 - 

Loss from continuing operations 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss (gain) on investments 

Change in ROU assets 

Impairment of fixed assets 

- 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Change in ROU liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used by operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used by operating activities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Issuance of new notes receivable, net origination fees 

Net cash used by investing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used by investing activities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Payments of long-term debt 

Net cash used by financing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used by financing activities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Net increase (decrease) in cash - continuing operations 

Net increase (decrease) in cash - discontinued operations 
 - 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Direct marketing revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general and administrative (including stock based compensation) 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Loss on investment 

Impairment of assets due to deconsolidation 
 - 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Loss per common share - basic earnings per share 

Loss per common share - diluted earnings per share 

Loss per common share - discontinued operations basic 
 - 

Loss per common share - discontinued operations diluted 
 - 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Loss from discontinued operations 
 - 

Loss from continuing operations 
 - 

Loss (gain) on investments 

Impairment of assets 
 - 

Net cash used by operating activities - continuing operations 
 - 

Net cash used by operating activities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Net decrease in cash - continuing operations 
 - 

Net decrease in cash - discontinued operations 
 - 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Dividend in kind - Deconsolidation of Sharing Services Global Corporation 
 - 

Net loss - total 

Net loss - accumulated deficit 

million shares of SHRG beneficially
held by DSS and Decentralized Sharing Systems in the form of a dividend to the shareholders of DSS common stock. Upon completion of this
distribution, DSS will retain an ownership interest in SHRG of approximately . Immediately prior to this distribution, DSS owned approximately
 of the issued and outstanding common shares of SHRG. A s a result, SHRG, whose operations represented
a significant portion of our Direct Marketing segment, was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements effective as of
May 1, 2023 (the Deconsolidation and will be treated as discontinued operations on the face of our financial statements. Subsequent to April 30, 2023, the assets
and liabilities of SHRG are no longer included within our consolidated balance sheets. Any discussions related to results, operations,
and accounting policies associated with SHRG refer to the periods prior to the Deconsolidation. 

Upon
Deconsolidation, we recognized an impairment of assets due to the
deconsolidation of SHRG approximately which is recorded as an impairment of assets due to
the deconsolidation 
in our consolidated statements of operations. Subsequent to the Deconsolidation,
we accounted for our equity ownership interest in SHRG as a marketable security and at the quoted price stock price of SHRG, valued at
approximately at December 31, 2023. 

and , respectively.
The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts receivable. Accounts receivable, net was , , and for January 1, 2022, December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2023, respectively. 

and of our consolidated revenue and and of our trade accounts
receivable balance. As of December 31, 2023, two customers accounted for approximately and of our consolidated revenue and 
and of our trade accounts receivable balance. 

and
 associated
with the inventory at our Premier subsidiary for December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Also, SHRG had an allowance for
obsolescence of approximately at December 31, 2022. Write- downs and write-offs are charged to cost of revenue. 

The Company recognized
lease liabilities, with corresponding ROU assets, based on the present value of unpaid lease payments for existing operating leases longer
than twelve months.. Operating lease cost is recognized as a single lease cost on a straight-line
basis over the lease term and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. Variable lease payments for common area maintenance,
property taxes and other operating expenses are recognized as expense in the period incurred. The Company has elected to separate lease
and non-lease components for all property leases for the purposes of calculating ROU assets and lease liabilities. 

and the medical facilities associated with AMRE LifeCare of approximately and AMRE Winter Haven of approximately
 , and of other assets 

and ,
respectively. The goodwill for APB, and Sentinel Co. of approximately
 ,
and 
 respectively, were deemed impaired and written
off at December 31, 2023. 

associated with intangible assets for AMRE Lifecare and AMRE Winter Haven. 

As of December 31,
2023, the Company had no unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of greater than one year.
Pursuant to Topic 606, the Company has applied the practical expedient with respect to disclosure of the deferral and future expected
timing of revenue recognition for transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations. The Company elected the practical
expedient allowing it to not recognize as a contract asset the commission paid to its salesforce on the sale of its products as an incremental
cost of obtaining a contract with a customer but rather recognize such commission as expense when incurred as the amortization period
of the asset that the Company would have otherwise recognized is one year or less. 

sales commissions capitalized as of
December 31, 2023. 

and in 2023 and
2022, respectively. 

shares. For
the year-ended December 31, 2023, potential dilutive instruments was . 

million shares of Sharing Service Global Corporation SHRG ),
beneficially held by the Company, in the form of a dividend to the shareholders of the Company s common stock. Upon completion
of this distribution, the Company retained an ownership interest in SHRG of approximately . Effective May 1, 2023, SHRG was deconsolidated
from the consolidated financial statements (the Deconsolidation ). The consolidated statement of operations does not include
SHRG activity after April 30, 2023 and the assets and liabilities of SHRG are no longer included within the Company s consolidated
balance sheet. The deconsolidation of SHRG is a strategic shift, as a significant portion of the Direct Marketing line of business was
eliminated. While the Decentralized Sharing Systems part of the business will continue to provide these services, SHRG was a significant
portion of this segment as it made up approximately and , respectively, of the total DSS revenue in 2022 and 2023. Accordingly,
the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for this deconsolidation as required by Accounting Standards Codification 205 Discontinued
Operations. The major classes of assets and liabilities of SHRG are classified as Discontinued Operations on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets and the operating results of the discontinued operations is reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as Loss from
Discontinued Operations. See Note 19. 

million in cash, the Company has incurred
operating losses as well as negative cash flows from operating and investing activities over the past two years. 

Aside
from its million
in cash as of December 31, 2023, the Company believes it can continue as a going concern, due to its ability to generate operating
cash through the sale of its million
of Marketable Securities, and the anticipated receipts of principal and interest on its Notes receivable of approximately million
through December 31, 2024. The Company has also taken steps to sell its real estate holdings in Utah, Texas, Pennsylvania, and
Florida. These properties approximate 
million in assets and are identified on the accompanying balance sheet as Held for sale. In addition, the Company has taken steps,
and will continue to take measures, to materially reduce the expenses and cash burn at all corporate and business line levels.
Although there are no assurances, we believe the above would allow us to fund our nine business lines current and planned operations
for the twelve months from the filing date of this Annual Report. Based on this, the Company has concluded that substantial doubt of
its ability to continue as a going concern has been alleviated. 

Work in Process 

Raw Materials 

Inventory Gross 

Less allowance for obsolescence 

Inventory Net 

, to be funded at the request of Borrower
1. Note 1, which incurs interest at a rate of due quarterly, has a maturity date of . . The outstanding principal and interest as of December 31,
2023, and December 31, 2022, approximated and , respectively, which is included in current notes receivable on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has a reserve of against the principal and interest
outstanding. This note is currently in default and its terms are currently being re-negotiated. 

Note
2 

On September 23,
2021, APB entered into refunding bond anticipatory note Note 2 with Borrower 2, which operates as a conservation and
reclamation district pursuant to Chapter 3891, Texas Special District Local Laws Code ; Chapter 375, Texas Local Government Code; and
Chapter 49, Texas Water Code. The District Note was in the sum of and incurs interest at a rate of per annum. Principal
and interest are due in full on , and later amended to extend the maturity date to . This note may
be redeemed prior to maturity with 10 days written notice to APB at a price equal to principal plus interest accrued on the redemption
date. The outstanding principal and interest of and is included in the current portion of notes receivable on the
consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Note
3 

On October 25, 2021,
APB entered into a loan agreement Note 3 with Borrower 3, a company registered in the state of Utah. Note 3 has an initial
aggregate principal balance up to , to be funded at the request of Borrower 3, with an option to increase the maximum principal
borrowing to . Note 3, which incurs interest at a rate of with principal and interest due at the maturity date of . 
APB, as holder of Note 3, has the right to elect one member to the Board of Managers. This note is in default and the outstanding principal
and interest of approximately was reserved for fully as of December 31, 2022. 

Note
4 

On May 14, 2021,
APB extended the credit Note 4 to an individual Borrower 4 in the form of two promissory notes for 
and respectively, bearing interest at , with a maturity date of . This promissory note was secured by a deed
of trust on a tract of land, which is approximately 315 acres, and located in Coke County, Texas. The outstanding principal and interest
for both notes were paid in full during the third quarter of 2023. and are included in Note receivable at December 31,
2022. 

Note
5 

On October 27, 2021,
HWH World, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company entered a revolving loan commitment Note 5 with Borrower 5, a company registered
in Taiwan. The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 is and , respectively, and was
included in Notes receivable current portion. This note has been written-off during the third quarter 2023. 

Note
6 

On December 28, 2021,
APB entered into a promissory note Note 6 with Borrower 6, a company registered in the state of California. Note 6 has
a principal balance of . Note 6, which incurs interest at a rate of with principal and interest due at the maturity date
of . On December 29, 2022, the maturity date of this note was extended to . On November 27, 2023, the parties to Note 6 agreed to modify the payment terms of the note to be monthly payments
of until the outstanding principal and interest are paid in full. The outstanding principal and
interest of and is included in the Current portion of notes receivable on the consolidated balance sheet at December
31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Note
7 

On January 24, 2022,
APB and Borrower 7 entered into a promissory note Note 7 in the principal sum of with interest of , due annually,
and maturing in . The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 approximates 
and , respectively, and is included in Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet. 

Note
8 

On March 2, 2022,
APB and Borrower 8, a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of Korea entered into a promissory note Note 8 ).
Under the terms of Note 8, APB at its discretion, may lend up to the principal sum of with an interest rate of , and matures
in , with interest payable quarterly. The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 is , net of 
of unamortized origination fees. The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2022 is net of of unamortized
origination fees. APB and Borrower 8 are currently negotiating an extension of the maturity date of this note. 

Note
9 

On May 9, 2022,
DSS PureAir and Borrower 9 entered into a promissory note Note 9 in the principal sum of 
with interest of ,
is due in three quarterly installments beginning on August 9, 2022, with the first two payment consisting of interest only. All
unpaid principal and interest are due on . This loan is currently in default and terms are currently being re-negotiated. The outstanding principal and
interest at December 31, 2023 approximates 
of which has been reserved for and is included in current portions of notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate
balance sheet. The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2022 approximates 
and is included in current portions of notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet. 

Note
10, related party 

On August 29,
2022, DSS Financial Management Inc and Borrower 10, a related party, entered into a promissory note Note 10 in the principal sum of
 
with interest of ,
is due in three quarterly installments beginning on September 14, 2022. All unpaid principal and interest is due on . The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 approximates ,
and ,
respectively, and is included in Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet, of which 
is included in the Current portion of notes receivable and 
is included in the long-term portion of notes receivable at December 31, 2023. DSS owns of the outstanding common shares of Borrower 10. 

Note
11, related party 

On July 26, 2022,
APB and Borrower 11 entered into a promissory note Note 11 in the principal sum of with interest of . All
unpaid principal and interest due on . The outstanding principal and interest on December 31, 2023, approximates ,
net of of unamortized origination fees and is included in notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet. The
outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2022 approximates , net of of unamortized origination fees and is
included in Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, the Chairman of DSS, Inc is also the on the board
of directors of Borrower 11. 

Note
12, related party 

On June 15,
2022, DSS and Borrower 12, entered into a convertible promissory note Note 12 in the principal sum of 
with interest of ,
with an optional conversion into shares of Borrower 12 at a conversion price of ,
maturing on , with interest due quarterly. In December 2022, this note was fully reserved for. On August 31, 2023, the full value
of the outstanding principal and interest of this note was exchanged for 
shares of Series D Preferred Stock with a par value of 
per share. Beginning on September 1, 2028, these Series D Preferred Shares may be redeemed in the amount of 
per share. Due to the lack of liquidity of these shares, the Company has placed no value on these shares. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, the Chairman of DSS, Inc is also the Chairman of
Borrower 12. 

Note
13 

On February 19, 2021, Impact BioMedical,
Inc, entered into a promissory note with an individual. The Company loaned the principal sum of , with interest at a rate of
 , and maturity date of later amended to February 19, 2024. Monthly payments are due on the twenty-first day of each
month and continuing each month thereafter until February 19, 2024. This note is secured by certain real property situated in Collier
County, Florida. The outstanding principal and interest as of December 31, 2023, approximately and is classified in current
notes receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The outstanding principal and interest as of December 31, 2022 is approximately
 with classified in Current portion of notes receivable and classified as Notes receivable on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. The due date of this loan is currently being re-negotiated. 

Note
14 

On May 8, 2023, DSS
Financial Management Inc and Borrower 14 entered into a promissory note Note 14 in the principal sum of with
interest at the prime rate plus at December 31, 2023) with a maturity date of . The outstanding principal and interest
at December 31, 2023 approximates with approximately of principal and accrued interest classified as Current portion
notes receivable, and the remaining balance of approximately is recorded as notes receivable, on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

Note
15 

On June 27, 2023,
DSS and Borrower 15 entered into a convertible promissory note Note 15 in the principal sum of with
a discount of and interest rate of and maturity date of . The outstanding principal, interest, and associated
discount was fully reserved for as of December 31, 2023. 

Note
16 

On March 31,2023,
DSS Biohealth Security, Inc and Borrower 16 entered into a promissory note Note 16 in the principal sum of and
interest rate floating daily to Wall Street Journal Prime rate per annum at September 31, 2023) with the total outstanding principal
and interest due at the maturity date of . The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 approximates .
Of the total financed, approximately of principal and accrued interest is classified as Current portion of notes receivable and
the remaining balance of approximately is recorded as Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Note
17 

On September 28,
2023, APB and Borrower 17 entered into a promissory note Note 17 in the principal sum of with interest of .
All unpaid principal and interest due on . As of December 31, 2023, this loan has been paid off in full. 

Note
18 

On August 11, 2022,
APB and Borrower 18 entered into a promissory note Note 18 in the principal sum of with interest of . All
unpaid principal and interest due on . The outstanding principal and interest on December 31, 2023, approximates ,
net of of unamortized origination fees and is included in Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet. The
outstanding principal, interest, and associated fees were fully reserved for as of December 31, 2023. 

and ,
respectively. 

General
Loan Portfolio Reserve - Based upon a relatively young loan portfolio that are relatively new loans to generally credit
worthy borrowers, we do not believe that a substantial general loan portfolio reserve is due at this time. However, we do recognize
that some inherent risks are in all loan portfolios, thus we recorded a general contingent portfolio reserve of 
for December 31, 2023 and for December 31, 2022 or approximately of 1 of the loan portfolio loan balance. 

Industry
Portfolio Reserves Given the relatively young loan portfolio and a diversification of the portfolio over several different
loan products, the risk is reduced. Accordingly, we have not recorded a discretionary reserve as of December 31, 2023 and December 31,
2022 

Specific
Loan Reserves - Previously, we had identified credit weaknesses and borrower repayment weakness in the Borrower 4 loan, which
has a current principal and interest balance of . As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 we have recorded a specific loan
loss reserve for the full balance due the Company. As of December 31, 2023, the Company identified credit weakness in borrower 2 and
has placed a reserve approximating against the outstanding principal and interest. As of December 31, 2023, the Company identified
credit weakness in borrower 16 and placed a reserve of against the outstanding principal and interest. The Company identified
credit weakness in Borrower 19 and has placed a reserve of against the outstanding principal and interest. 

Specific Loan Reserves 

Total 

- 

Adoption of CECL 
 - 

Bad debt expense 
 
 - 

Write-offs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Recoveries 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Bad debt expense 

Write-offs 
 
 - 

Recoveries 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

- 

- 

Level 1 

Money Market Funds 
 
 - 

- 

Marketable Securities 

- 

Total 

2022 

Cost 
 Unrealized Gain/(Loss) 
 Fair Value 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Marketable Securities 
 Investment 
 
 Cash 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Level 1 

Money Market Funds 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Marketable Securities 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Level 2 

Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Convertible securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 

Less: Net gains (losses) realized during the year on marketable securities sold during the period 

Net unrealized gain (loss) recognized during the reporting year on marketable
 securities still held at the reporting date 

The Company typically
invests with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The Company s investment policy generally
requires securities to be investment grade and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Fair values were determined for
each individual security in the investment portfolio. 

shares
of common stock, representing all the issued and outstanding common stock shares of HWH World for the sum representing
the gross proceeds of the sale of HWH inventory less cost of goods sold. The parties involved amended the terms of this agreement during
the third quarter of 2023 from that of equity transaction to the purchase of inventory and assumption of certain liabilities by SHRG.
The amended agreement identified the purchase price approximating to be paid from amongst other things, the gross proceeds generated
by the sale of the inventory acquired. The value of the inventory sold approximates and the value of the liabilities assumed
by SHRG as part of this transaction is approximately . Further, There is substantial doubt regarding SHRG s ability to sell and pay for the
inventory acquired, and therefore, the Company has determined not to record a receivable for the purchase price. A net loss approximating
 associated with this transaction has been recorded during the third quarter of 2023 and is included in Loss/Gain on sale of
assets on the consolidated statement of operations. 

On July 1 st ,
2023, The Company sold of the equity in its subsidiary HWH Holdings, Inc, a Texas corporation HWHH to SHRG for a purchase price
approximating . This amount is to be paid from gross proceeds generated by the sale of the inventory acquired as part of the
transaction. This transaction was later amended during the third quarter of 2023 to assign the purchase of HWHH from SHRG to Ascend Management
Pte., Ltd. Ascend ), a Singaporean limited company. There is substantial doubt regarding Ascend s ability to sell
and pay for the inventory acquired, and therefore, the Company has determined not to record a receivable for the purchase price. A net
loss approximating associated with this transaction has been recorded during the third quarter of 2023 and is included in Loss/Gain
on sale of assets on the consolidated statement of operations. 

shares or approximately of the outstanding shares of Alset International Limited Alset Intl ), a company
incorporated in Singapore and publicly listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited. This investment is classified as a marketable security
and is classified as long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as the Company has the intent and ability to hold the investments
for a period of at least one year. The Chairman of the Company, Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Executive Director and Chief Executive
Officer of Alset Intl. Mr. Chan is also the majority shareholder of Alset Intl as well as the largest shareholder of the Company. The
fair value of the marketable security as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, was approximately and respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company recorded unrealized loss on this investment of approximately
 and unrealized loss of , respectively. 

West
Park Capital, Inc. 

On December 30,
2020, the Company signed a binding letter of intent with West Park Capital, Inc West Park and Century TBD Holdings,
LLC TBD where the parties agreed to prepare a note and stock exchange agreement whereby DSS will assign the TBD Note
to West Park and West Park shall issue to DSS a stock certificate reflecting 
of the issued and outstanding shares of West Park. This note and stock exchange agreement was finalized during the first quarter
2022 and valued at approximately 
and is included in Investments on the consolidated balance sheet on December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2023. 

BMI
Capital International LLC 

On September 10,
2020, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary DSS Securities, Inc. entered into membership interest purchase agreement with BMI Financial
Group, Inc. a Delaware corporation BMIF and BMI Capital International LLC, a Texas limited liability company BMIC whereas DSS Securities, Inc. purchased membership interests in BMIC for . DSS Securities also had the option to purchase
an additional of the outstanding membership interest which it exercised for in January of 2021 and increased its ownership
to . Upon achieving greater than ownership in BMIC during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company is currently accounting
for this investment under the equity method of accounting per ASC 323. The Company s portion of net loss in BMIC during the year
ended December 31, 2023, approximated and for year ended December 31, 2022. 

BMIC is a broker-dealer
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ),
and is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC ). The Company s chairman of the board and
another independent board member of the Company also have ownership interest in BMIC. 

BioMed
Technologies Asia Pacific Holdings Limited 

On December 19,
2020, Impact BioMedical, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement with BioMed Technologies Asia Pacific Holdings Limited BioMed ), a limited liability company incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase ordinary shares or of BioMed at a purchase price of approximately
 . The Subscription Agreement provides, among other things, the Company has the right to appoint a new director to the board of
BioMed. With respect to an issuance of shares to a third party by BioMed, the Company will have the right of first refusal to purchase
such shares, as well as customary tag-along rights. In connection with the Subscription Agreement, Impact Biomedical entered into an
exclusive distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement with BioMed, to directly market, advertise, promote, distribute,
and sell certain BioMed products, which focus on manufacturing natural probiotics, to resellers. This investment is valued at cost as
it does not have a readily determined fair value. 

Under the terms
of the Distribution Agreement, the Company will have exclusive rights to distribute the products within the United States, Canada, Singapore,
Malaysia, and South Korea and non-exclusive distribution rights in all other countries. In exchange, the Company agreed to certain obligations,
including mutual marketing obligations to promote sales of the products. This agreement is for ten years with a one year auto-renewal
feature. 

Vivacitas
Oncology, Inc. 

On March 15, 2021,
the Company, through one of its subsidiaries, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Vivacitas Agreement #1 with
Vivacitas Oncology Inc. Vivacitas ), to purchase shares of its common stock at the per share price of , with
an option to purchase additional shares at the per share price of . This option will terminate upon one of the following
events: (i) Vivacitas board of directors cancels this option because it is no longer in the best interest of the Company; (ii)
December 31, 2022; or (iii) the date on which Vivacitas receives more than per share of the Company s common stock in a private
placement with gross proceeds of . Under the terms of the Vivacitas Agreement #1, the Company will be allocated two seats on
the board of Vivacitas. On March 18, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Alset EHome International, Inc. Seller to purchase from the Seller s its wholly owned subsidiary Impact Oncology PTE Ltd. IOPL for a purchase price .
The acquisition of IOPL has been treated as an asset acquisition as IOPL does not meet the definition of a business as defined in Topic
805. IOPL owns shares of common stock of Vivacitas along with the option to purchase an additional shares of common
stock. The Sellers largest shareholder is Mr. Chan Heng Fai Ambrose, the Chairman of the Company s board of directors and its largest
shareholder. 

On April 1, 2021,
 per share shall
be to be paid in twelve (12) equal monthly installments for the period between April 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022 . 

On July 22, 2021,
the Company exercised of the available options under the Vivacitas Agreement #1 for . This, along with the shares
received as part Vivacitas Agreement #2 increased the Company s equity position in Vivacitas to approximately as of December
31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Company s investment in Vivacitas is not readily available, and therefore
is recorded at cost in the amount of , As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined to impair of its investment in
Vivacitas, in the amount of . 

Stemtech
Corporation 

In September 2021,
the Company s former subsidiary SHRG, Stemtech Corporation Stemtech and Globe Net Wireless Corp. GNTW entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA pursuant to which SHRG invested million in Stemtech in exchange
for: (a) a Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of million in favor of the Company (the Convertible Note and
(b) a detachable Warrant to purchase shares GNTW common stock (the GNTW Warrant ). Stemtech is a subsidiary of GNTW. As
an inducement to enter into the SPA, GNTW agreed to pay to the SHRG an origination fee of , payable in shares of GNTW s
common stock. The Convertible Note matures on , bears interest at the annual rate of , and is convertible, at the
option of the holder, into shares of GNTW s common stock at a conversion rate calculated based on the closing price per share of
GNTW s common stock during the 30-dayperiod ended September 19, 2021. The GNTW Warrant expires on September 13, 2024 and conveys
the right to purchase up to million shares of GNTW s common stock at a purchase price calculated based on the closing price
per share of GTNW s common stock during the 10-day period ended September 13, 2021. In September 2021, GNTW issued to the Company
 shares of its common stock, or less than 1 of the shares of GNTW then issued and outstanding, in payment of the origination
fee. In November 2021, Globe Net Wireless Corp. changed its corporate name to Stemtech Corporation. In connection therewith, the investee s
common stock is now traded under the symbol STEK . The SHRG carries its investment in the Convertible Note, the GNTW Warrant
and the shares of GNTW common stock at fair value in accordance with GAAP. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 the investment
in the GNTW Warrant and Convertible Note, were valued at , and and and , respectively. 

In September 2021,
SHRG entered into a Membership Unit Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the SHRG acquired a 
equity interest in MojiLife, LLC, a limited liability company organized in the State of Utah, in exchange for .
MojiLife is an emerging growth distributor of technology-based consumer products for the home and car. MojiLife s products include
esthetically attractive, cordless scent diffusers for the home or for the car, as well as proprietary home cleaning products and accessories.
On a quarterly basis, SHRG evaluates the recoverability of its investments and reviews current economic trends to determine the adequacy
of its allowance for impairment losses based on each investee financial performance data and other relevant information. An estimate
for impairment losses is recognized when recovery in full of SHRG s investment is no longer probable. Investment balances are written
off against the allowance after the potential for recovery is considered remote. In March of 2022, SHRG impaired the MojiLife investment
as the evaluation at such time determined the investment was not fully recoverable and 
valuation was reserved. 

- years 

Building and improvements 
 years 

Land 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

Software and websites 
 years 

Construction in progress 

Total Cost 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and respectively. 

- years 

Land 

Total Cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Investment in real estate 

Depreciation expense
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was and respectively. 

. The related intangible assets were valued at with an estimated remaining useful life between and years. 

years 

- 

Acquired intangibles customer lists, licenses, non-compete agreements, branding, product formulas,
 tenant improvements, in-place, favorable and unfavorable leases 
 - years 

Acquired intangibles patents and patent rights 

- 

- 

- 
 
 Patent application costs 
 (1) 

- 

(1) 
 years. 

Amounts
amortized for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately and ,
respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Accrued wages 

Settlement liability 
 - 

Uncertain tax positions 
 - 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 
 - 

Sales tax payable 

Accrued expenses and
 deferred revenue 

unsecured promissory note with LVAMPTE, a related party. The Note calls for interest to be paid annually on March 2 with interest
fixed at .
As further incentive to enter into this Note, AMRE granted LVAMPTE warrants to purchase shares of common stock of AMRE (the Warrants ).
The amount of the warrants granted is the equivalent of the Note Principal divided by the Exercise Price. The Warrants are exercisable
for four years and are exercisable at 
 per share (the Exercise Price). In March 2022, this debt was converted into equity in AMRE, and LVAMPTE exercised
the warrants for 
 (see the consolidated statement of changes in stockholders equity) The holder is a related party owned by the Chairman
of the Company s board of directors. 

On May 20, 2021,
Premier Packaging entered into master loan and security agreement BOA Note with Bank of America, N.A. BOA to secure financing approximating to purchase a new Heidelberg XL 106-7+L printing press. The aggregate principal balance
outstanding under the BOA Note shall bear interest at a variable rate on or before the loan closing. As of December 31, 2023, and December
31, 2022, the outstanding principal on the BOA Note was and , respectively and had an interest rate of . As
of December 31, 2023, was included in the current portion of long-term debt, net, and the remaining balance of approximately
 recorded as long-term debt, The BOA Note contains certain covenants that are analyzed annually. As of December 31, 2023, Premier
is in compliance with these covenants. 

On August 1, 2021,
AMRE Shelton, LLC., AMRE Shelton a subsidiary of AMRE, entered into a loan agreement Shelton Agreement with Patriot Bank, N.A. Patriot Bank in an amount up to , with the amount financed approximating .
The Shelton Agreement contains monthly payments of principal and an initial interest of . with a balloon payment approximating due at term end. The
affective interest rate at December 31, 2022 was . The funds borrowed were used to purchase a square foot, 2.0 story, Class
A+ multi-tenant medical office building located on a 13.62-acre site. The purchase price has been allocated as , ,
and for the facility, land, and tenant improvements, respectively. Also included in the value of the property is of
intangible assets with an estimated useful life of approximating years. The net book value of these assets as of December 31, 2023
approximated . Of the total financed, approximately of principal and accrued interest is classified as current portion
of long-term debt, net, and the remaining balance of approximately recorded as long-term debt, net of in deferred
financing costs. 

On October 13, 2021,
LVAM entered into loan agreement with BMIC BMIC Loan ), a related party, whereas LVAM borrowed the principal amount of
 , with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be adjusted at the maturity date. The BMIC Loan matures on , and contains an auto renewal period of three months. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and , respectively,
are included in Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 

On October 13, 2021,
LVAM entered into a loan agreement with Lee Wilson Tsz Kin Wilson Loan ), a related party, whereas LVAM borrowed the principal
amount of , with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be calculated at the maturity date. The Wilson Loan matures on
 , and contains an auto renewal period of nine months. This loan was funded during March 2022. As of December 31, 2023
 is included in the Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 
is included in the Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 

On November 2,
2021, AMRE LifeCare entered into a loan agreement LifeCare Agreement with Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle
Bank in the amount of .
The LifeCare Agreement supported the acquisition of three medical facilities located in Fort Worth, Texas, Plano, Texas, and
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for a purchase price of .
These assets are classified as investments, real estate on the consolidated balance sheet. The purchase price has been allocated as
 ,
 ,
and 
for the facility, land and site improvements, respectively. Also included in the value of the property is 
of intangible assets with estimated useful lives ranging from 
to 
years. The net book value of the assets acquired as of December 31, 2022 is approximately . ,
with the first such installment being payable on August 29, 2022 and subsequent installments being payable on the first day of each
succeeding month thereafter until the maturity date, at which time any outstanding principal and interest is due in full . The
affective interest rate at December 31, 2022 was .
The maturity date of , may be extended to . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal and interest of the LifeCare agreement approximates ,
net of deferred financing costs of .
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal and interested approximates .
Interest expense for the year-ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 approximated 
and ,
respectively. This note is in default and demand was made for final payment to be made
by December 22, 2023. This amount is past due. 

In November 2021, AMRE entered into
a convertible promissory note Alset Note with Alset International Limited Alset International ), a
related party, for the principal amount of .
The Alset Note accrues interest at 
per annum and , with interest due quarterly and the principal due at maturity. Principal and interest of approximately
 
is included in long-term debt, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet on December 31, 2022. On May 17, 2022, the
shareholders of the Company approved the issuance of up to 
Shares our Common Stock to Alset International to purchase the Convertible Promissory Note issued by American Medical REIT, Inc.
with a principal amount of 
and accrued unpaid interest of 
through December 31, 2022. This transaction was finalized in July 2022 and is eliminated upon consolidation into DSS. Interest
expense for this note totaled 
for year ended December 31, 2023 and 
for year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
March 17, 2022, AMRE Winter Haven, LLC AMRE Winter Haven and Pinnacle Bank Pinnacle entered into a
term loan Pinnacle Loan whereas Pinnacle lent to AMRE Winter Haven the principal sum of ,
maturing on to acquire a medical facility located in Winter Haven, Florida for a purchase price of .
The assets acquired are classified as investments, real estate on the consolidated balance sheet. The purchase price has been
allocated as ,
 ,
and 
for the facility, land and site and tenant improvements, respectively. Also included in the value of the property is 
of intangible assets with an estimated useful life of approximately 
years. The net book value of the assets acquired as of December 31, 2022 is approximately .
Payments are to be made in equal, consecutive installments based on a -year
amortization period with interest at .
The first installment is due January 1, 2023. The Pinnacle Loan contains certain covenants that are to be tested annually. This AMRE
note is currently due. The outstanding principal and interest, net of debt issuance costs of ,
approximates 
and is included in long-term debt, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023. The outstanding
principal and interest, net of debt issuance costs of ,
approximates 
and is included in long-term debt, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Interest expense equaled
 
for year ended December 31, 2023 and 
for year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
March 30, 2023, Premier Packaging, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a loan and security agreement with Union Bank Trust
Company for the principal amount of and shall accrued interest at the rate of . Principal and interest shall be repaid
in the approximate amount of through March 2029. This loan is collateralized by a Bobst Model Novacut and is guaranteed by DSS,
Inc. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal and interest approximates of which was included in the current
portion of long-term debt, net, and the remaining balance of approximately recorded as long-term debt. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

. Renewal options to extend our leases have not been exercised due to uncertainty. Termination
options are not reasonably certain of exercise by the Company. There is no transfer of title or option to purchase the leased assets
upon expiration. There are no residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. There are no significant finance leases as
of December 31, 2023. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

After 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Present value of remaining lease payments 

Current 

Noncurrent 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

In
March of 2022, Premier Packaging began leasing its relocated manufacturing facilities to West Henrietta, New York. This lease
contains an escalating payment clause, ranging from 
per month to 
per month, over the twelve-year term of the lease. Total lease expense during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022
approximated 
and ,
respectively. 

shares of
the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of . Pursuant
to the Amendment, the number of shares of the common stock of the Company that the AEI will purchase has been reduced to shares
for an aggregate purchase price of . This transaction was completed on March 9, 2022. In addition, the Company s Executive
Chairman and a significant stockholder, Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest shareholder of AEI. 

On
March 10, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan pursuant to his employment agreement.
These shares were issued in consideration of due under this employment agreement. 

On
May 5, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. Frank Heuszel, CEO of DSS, pursuant to his employment agreement.
These shares were issued in consideration of due under this employment agreement. 

On
May 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan pursuant to his employment agreement.
These shares were issued in consideration of due under this employment agreement. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the issuance of up to Shares of our Common Stock to Alset International,
a related party, to purchase the Convertible Promissory Note issued by American Medical REIT, Inc. with a principal amount of 
and accrued but unpaid interest of through May 15, 2022. This transaction was finalized in July 2022. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the acquisition of shares of True Partners Capital Holdings Limited True Partners ), a company publicly traded on the Hong Kong stock exchange in exchange for shares of DSS stock
value on the agreed upon date of February 18, 2022 which was approximately per share. The True Partner shares were acquired from
Alset EHome International, Inc. Alset EHome ), a related party. Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, our director and Executive Chairman,
is also Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and the largest beneficial owner of the outstanding shares of Alset EHome. This
transaction was completed with the transfer of DSS share to Alset EHome on July 1, 2022. 

On April 10, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock to Mr. Frank Heuszel, CEO of DSS, pursuant to his employment agreement. These shares were issued
to settle a previously recorded liability of approximately . 

On
January 4, 2024 the Company effected a reverse stock split of . As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, there were 
and 
shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively, which was converted to 
and 
shares, respectively. 

Stock-Based
Compensation The Company records stock-based payment expense related to options and warrants based on the grant date
fair value in accordance with FASB ASC 718. Stock-based compensation includes expense charges for all stock-based awards to employees,
directors and consultants. Such awards include option grants, warrant grants, and restricted stock awards. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company s stock compensation approximated . During the year ended December 31, 2023 there were . 

Stock
Warrants The Company did not issue any warrants in 2023 or 2022, nor did it have any outstanding warrants as of December 31,
2023 and 2022. 

Equity
Incentive Plan On December 9, 2019, the Company s shareholders adopted the 2020 Employee, Director and Consultant
Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan provides for the issuance of an initial shares of common stock
authorized to be issued for grants of options, restricted stock and other forms of equity to employees, directors and consultants. Under the terms of the 2020 Plan, options granted thereunder may be designated as options which qualify for incentive stock
option treatment ISOs under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code, or options which do not qualify NQSOs ).
As of December 31, 2023, there are shares available under this plan. 

Stock
Options On June 20, 2013, the Company s shareholders adopted the 2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ). The 2013 Plan provides for the issuance of up to a total of 
shares of common stock authorized to be issued for grants of options, restricted stock and other forms of equity to employees,
directors and consultants. Under the terms of the 2013 Plan, options granted thereunder may be designated as options which qualify
for incentive stock option treatment ISOs under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code, or options which do not
qualify NQSOs ). During the year ended December 31, 2023, options were forfeited. As of December 31, 2023, 
shares remained available under this plan. 

Impact BioMedical, Inc. Equity Transactions

On August 8, 2023 DSS BioHealth
Securities, Inc. DSS BioHealth ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the sole shareholder of Impact BioMedical
Inc., distributed to the shareholders of DSS on record as of July 10, 2023 4 shares of Impact Bio s stock for 1 share they owned
of DSS stock. Each share of Impact BioMedical distributed as part of the distribution will not be eligible for resale until 180 days from
the date Impact BioMedical s initial public offering becomes effective under the Securities Act, subject to the discretion of the
Company to lift the restriction sooner. 

On October 31,
2023, Impact BioMedical effected a . As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, there were shares of our Common Stock
issued and outstanding which was converted to shares. Also on October 31, 2023, DSS BioHealth Securities, Inc., the
Company s largest shareholder converted shares of Common Stock into shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Shares, reducing its ownership of the Company s Common Stock from approximately to approximately . The
Preferred Shares are voting shares and convertible. 

State 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 - 

Total currently payable 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred 

Less: increase in allowance 

Net deferred 
 - 

Total income tax loss (benefit) 

Net operating loss IRC 382 limited 

Unrealized loss on securities 

Equity issued for services 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

Investment in pass-through entity 

Deferred revenue 

Operating Lease Liability 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

Depreciation and amortization 

Right -of-use asset 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 

At
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has approximately million and million in federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs ), respectively, available to reduce future taxable income. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the
net operating losses are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Certain
tax attributes are subject to an annual limitation as a result of certain cumulative changes in ownership interest of significant shareholders
which could constitute a change of ownership as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company has completed a full analysis of historical ownership changes and determined that a portion of the net operating losses have
a limitation on future deductibility. Approximately million of net operating losses incurred prior to 2020 will be unable to offset
future taxable income and have been reserved via a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax asset to the expected realizable amount,
leaving million available for use which expire at various dates through 2038 and the residual which never expire. This analysis
is currently being performed for tax year ending December 31, 2023. Additionally, at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had approximately
 million and of California and Illinois NOL carry-forwards, respectively, which . The NOL carry-forwards
may be limited in certain circumstances, including ownership change and have been fully reserved via a valuation allowance. 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets increased approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2023
and December 31, 2022, respectively. The valuation allowance for deferred tax liability increased approximately million in the year
ended December 31,2023 and decreased approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

State income taxes net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Other 

Foreign taxes 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective rate 
 - 

The
Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 the Company recognized interest and penalties. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. The tax years 2020-2023 generally remain open to
examination by major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

of the first 1 of employee
contributions, then of additional contributions up to an aggregate maximum match of . The total matching contributions for 2023
and 2022 were approximately and , respectively. 

of net sales. Under the terms of the Equivir Agreement, the Company shall reimburse the Licensee for 
of the development costs provided that the development costs shall not exceed .
As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, 200,000 and 0, respectively, has been accrued for in relation to the Equivir License
as development of the Equivir technology. 

Employment
Agreements As of December 31, 2023, the Company has no employment or severance agreements with members of its management
team. 

Legal
Proceedings Maiden Biosciences Litigation 

On
February 15, 2021, Maiden Biosciences, Inc. Maiden commenced an action against DSS, Inc. DSS ), Decentralized
Sharing Systems, Inc. Decentralized ), HWH World, Inc. HWH ), RBC Life International, Inc. (RBC International)
(together, the DSS Defendants ), Frank D. Heuszel Heuszel ), RBC Life Sciences, Inc RBC ), Steven
E. Brown, Clinton Howard, and Andrew Howard (collectively, Defendants ). The lawsuit is currently pending in the United
States District Court Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, and is styled and numbered Maiden Biosciences, Inc. v. Document Security
Stems, Inc., et al., Case No. 3:21-cv-00327. 

. 

On
March 30, 2021, Defendants DSS, Decentralized, HWH, RBC International, and Heuszel filed a motion to dismiss seeking to dismiss Maiden s
unjust enrichment, exemplary damages, and RICO claims against DSS, Decentralized, HWH, RBC Life International, Inc., and Heuszel, as
well as Maiden s fraudulent transfer claims against DSS and RBC International. On August 9, 2021, the Court then entered an order
granting in part the motion to dismiss filed on behalf of DSS, Decentralized, HWH, RBC International, and Heuszel. Among other things,
the Court held that Maiden failed to plausibly plead certain causes of action, including (1) the civil RICO claim against DSS, Decentralized,
HWH, RBC International, and Heuszel, (2) the TUFTA claim against DSS, and (3) the unjust enrichment claim against DSS and RBC International.
Notably, the Court declined the request to dismiss the TUFTA claim against RBC International. On September 3, 2021, Maiden filed its
first amended complaint, asserting a single cause of action against the DSS Defendants, Heuszel, and RBC for an alleged TUFTA violation. 

Generally,
Maiden sought the same relief requested in its original complaint. Maiden, however, abandoned its request for treble damages. On September
17, 2021, the DSS Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint seeking to dismiss Maiden s TUFTA claim to the extent
it seeks to avoid a transfer of assets owned by any of RBC s subsidiaries, including but not limited to RBC Life Sciences USA,
Inc. RBC USA ). Further, the motion to dismiss sought the dismissal of Maiden s TUFTA claim against Heuszel. On November
19, 2021, the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part, dismissing Maiden s claim against Heuszel and determined Maiden failed
to plead that it was a creditor of RBC USA or RBC s other subsidiaries. However, the Court permitted Maiden to replead once again. 

On
December 17, 2021, Maiden filed its second amended complaint which asserted a single TUFTA claim against only the DSS Defendants, RBC,
and RBC USA. During the discovery period, the Parties conducted written discovery, production of documents, and depositions of fact witnesses
and expert witnesses. The discovery period closed on August 9, 2022. The DSS Defendants have engaged Stout Risius Ross, LLC Stout to provide expert opinions regarding the value of the assets at issue. 

The
trial in this matter began on December 12, 2022. The Company vigorously defended its position that Maiden should recover nothing on its
TUFTA claim. The DSS Defendants experts at Stout provided expert opinions regarding the value of the assets at issue and the deficiencies
with Maiden s designated expert s opinions. The jury returned a verdict in favor of Maiden, and the Court entered a judgment
on December 20, 2022. The DSS Defendants filed post-judgment motions seeking reversal of the judgment for several reasons, including
that: . 

In
addition to the foregoing, we may become subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business and have not
been finally adjudicated. Adverse decisions in any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
cash flows or our financial condition. The Company accrues for potential litigation losses when a loss is probable and estimable. 

Contingent
Litigation Payments The Company retains the services of professional service providers, including law firms that
specialize in intellectual property licensing, enforcement and patent law. These service providers are often retained on an hourly,
monthly, project, contingent or a blended fee basis. In contingency fee arrangements, a portion of the legal fee is based on
predetermined milestones or the Company s actual collection of funds. The Company accrues contingent fees when it is probable
that the milestones will be achieved, and the fees can be reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company had not
accrued any contingent legal fees pursuant to these arrangements. 

Contingent
Payments The Company is party to certain agreements with funding partners who have rights to portions of
intellectual property monetization proceeds that the Company receives. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are no contingent payments
due. 

million shares of SHRG beneficially held by DSS and Decentralized Sharing Systems
in the form of a dividend to the shareholders of DSS common stock. Upon completion of this distribution, DSS will retain an ownership
interest in SHRG of approximately . Immediately prior to this distribution, DSS owned approximately of the issued and outstanding
common shares of SHRG. A s a result, SHRG, whose operations represented a significant portion of
our Direct Marketing segment, was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial statements effective as of May 1, 2023 (the Deconsolidation and will be treated as discontinued operations on the face of our financial statements. Subsequent to April 30, 2023, the assets and
liabilities of SHRG are no longer included within our consolidated balance sheets. Any discussions related to results, operations, and
accounting policies associated with SHRG refer to the periods prior to the Deconsolidation. 

Upon
Deconsolidation, we recognized an impairment of assets due to the deconsolidation of SHRG approximately which
is recorded as an impairment of assets due to the deconsolidation in our consolidated statements
of operations. Subsequent to the Deconsolidation, we accounted for our equity ownership interest in SHRG as a marketable security and
at the quoted price stock price of SHRG, valued at approximately at December 31, 2023. 

Accounts receivable, net 
 - 

Inventory 
 - 

Current portion of notes receivable 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 - 

Total current assets 
 - 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 - 

Other investments 
 - 

Marketable securities 
 - 

Other assets 
 - 

Right-of-use assets 
 - 

Other intangible assets, net 
 - 

Total assets 
 - 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 - 

Accrued expenses and deferred revenue 
 - 

Current portion of lease liability 
 - 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 - 

Long term lease liability 
 - 

Sharing
Services Global Corporation 

 Statements
of Operations Loss - Discontinued Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue: 

Direct marketing 

Total revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income) 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on investments 

Impairment of assets 
 - 

Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

Income tax benefit/(loss) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right of use asset 
 - 

Shares issued in lieu of bonus cash 

Purchase of notes receivable with company stock 
 - 

Purchase of marketable security with Company stock 
 - 

Third party Note receivable received in lieu of cash 
 
 - 

Our
segment structure presented below represents a change from the prior year for the inclusion of our Biotechnology, Securities, and Commercial
Lending segments and the removal of our Plastics segment, Digital Group and IP Technology Management segment as the Plastics segment
was discontinued in 2020, DSS Digital was sold and discontinued in May 2021 and activities surrounding our IP Technology Management segment
have significantly decreased. The amounts for these segments have been included in the Corporate reporting segment for the year ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, as necessary, below for reconciliation purposes. 

- 
 
 - 

Assets held for sale 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 - 

Cost of revenue 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Interest Income 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Capital expenditures 
 
 - 

Identifiable assets 

Year Ended December 31,2022 
 Product Packaging 
 Commercial Lending 
 Direct 
 Biotechnology 
 Securities 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Revenue 

- 
 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 - 

Cost of revenue 

- 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Capital expenditures 
 
 - 

Identifiable assets 

International
revenue, which consists of sales to customers with operations in Canada, Western Europe, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia
comprised of total revenue for 2023 - 2022). Revenue is allocated to individual countries by customer based on where the
product is shipped. The Company had no long-lived assets in any country other than the United States for any period presented. 

The
following tables disaggregate our business segment revenues by major source: 

Commercial and Security Printing 

Total Printed Products 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Packaging Printing and Fabrication 

Commercial and Security Printing 

Total Printed Products 

Direct
Marketing 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 

Direct Marketing Internet Sales 

Total Direct Marketing 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Direct Marketing Internet Sales 

Total Direct Marketing 

Rental
Income 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 

Rental income 

Total Rental Income 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Rental income 

Total Rental Income 

Commission
Income 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 

Commission income 

Total commission income 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Commission income 

Total commission income 

Management
Fee Income 

Twelve
 months ended December 31, 2023 

Management
 fee income 

- 

Total
 Management fee income 

- 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Management fee income 

Total Management fee income 

Net
Investment Income 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 

Net investment income 

Total Net Investment Income 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Net investment income 

Total Net Investment Income 

shares or approximately of the outstanding shares of Alset International Limited Alset Intl ),
a company incorporated in Singapore and publicly listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited. This investment is classified as a marketable
security and is classified as long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as the Company has the intent and ability to hold the
investments for a period of at least one year. The Chairman of the Company, Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer of Alset Intl. Mr. Chan is also the majority shareholder of Alset Intl as well as the largest shareholder of
the Company. The fair value of the marketable security as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, was approximately and
 respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company recorded unrealized loss on this
investment of approximately and unrealized loss of , respectively. 

On
March 2, 2020, AMRE entered into a unsecured promissory note with LVAMPTE, a related party. The Note calls for interest to be
paid annually on March 2 with interest fixed at . As further incentive to enter into this Note, AMRE granted LVAMPTE warrants to
purchase shares of common stock of AMRE (the Warrants ). The amount of the warrants granted is the equivalent of the Note
Principal divided by the Exercise Price. The Warrants are exercisable for four years and are exercisable at per share (the Exercise 
Price). In March 2022, this debt was converted into equity in AMRE, and LVAMPTE exercised the warrants for (see the consolidated
statement of changes in stockholders equity) The holder is a related party owned by the Chairman of the Company s board
of directors. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Alset EHome International, Inc. Seller ), a related party, to
purchase from the Seller s its wholly owned subsidiary Impact Oncology PTE Ltd. IOPL for a purchase price .
The acquisition of IOPL has been treated as an asset acquisition as IOPL does not meet the definition of a business as defined in Topic
805. IOPL owns shares of common stock of Vivacitas along with the option to purchase an additional shares of common
stock. The Sellers largest shareholder is Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, the Chairman of the Company s board of directors and its largest
shareholder. At December 31, 2022 the full value of this investment was impaired. 

On
October 13, 2021, LVAM entered into loan agreement with BMIC BMIC Loan ), a related party, whereas LVAM borrowed the principal
amount of , with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be adjusted at the maturity date. The BMIC Loan matures on , and contains an auto renewal period of three months. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, and ,
respectively, are included in Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 

On
October 13, 2021, LVAM entered into a loan agreement with Lee Wilson Tsz Kin Wilson Loan ), a related party, whereas LVAM
borrowed the principal amount of , with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be calculated at the maturity date. The
Wilson Loan matures on , and contains an auto renewal period of nine months. This loan was funded during March 2022.
As of December 31, 2023 is included in the Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. As of
December 31, 2022 is included in the Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 

In
November 2021, AMRE entered into a convertible promissory note Alset Note with Alset International Limited Alset
International ), a related party, for the principal amount of . The Alset Note accrues interest at per annum and , with interest due quarterly and the principal due at maturity. Principal and interest of approximately is
included in long-term debt, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet on December 31, 2022. On May 17, 2022, the shareholders
of the Company approved the issuance of up to Shares our Common Stock to Alset International to purchase the Convertible Promissory
Note issued by American Medical REIT, Inc. with a principal amount of and accrued unpaid interest of through December
31, 2022. This transaction was finalized in July 2022 and is eliminated upon consolidation into DSS. Interest expense for this note totaled
 for year ended December 31, 2023 and for year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 28, 2022, DSS entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Amendment with its shareholder Alset
EHome International Inc. AEI ), pursuant to which the Company and AEI have agreed to amend certain terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreement dated January 25, 2022 (the SPA ). Pursuant to the SPA, AEI had agreed to purchase up to shares of
the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of . Pursuant
to the Amendment, the number of shares of the common stock of the Company that the AEI will purchase has been reduced to shares
for an aggregate purchase price of . This transaction was completed on March 9, 2022. In addition, the Company s Executive
Chairman and a significant stockholder, Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest shareholder of AEI. 

On July 26, 2022, APB and Borrower 11 entered into a promissory note Note
11 in the principal sum of with interest of . All unpaid principal and interest due on . The outstanding
principal and interest on December 31, 2023, approximates , net of of unamortized origination fees and is included in
notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet. The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2022 approximates
 , net of of unamortized origination fees and is included in Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet.
Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, the Chairman of DSS, Inc is also the on the board of directors of Borrower 11. 

In
October 2017, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Note to HWH
International, Inc. HWH or the Holder ), a related party. HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who
became a Director of the Company in April 2020. The Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. Concurrent
with issuance of the Note, the Company issued to HWH a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to an additional shares of the
Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share. Under the terms of the Note and the detachable stock warrant,
the Holder is entitled to certain financing rights. If the Company enters into more favorable transactions with a third-party investor,
it must notify the Holder and may have to amend and restate the Note and the detachable stock warrant to be identical. On August 9, 2022,
HWH and the Company executed an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock warrant for , which amount represents
the principal plus accrued interest. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the acquisition of shares of True Partners Capital Holdings Limited True Partners ), a company publicly traded on the Hong Kong stock exchange in exchange for shares of DSS stock.
The True Partner shares were acquired from Alset EHome International, Inc. Alset EHome ), a related party. Mr. Heng Fai
Ambrose Chan, our director and Executive Chairman, is also Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and the largest beneficial
owner of the outstanding shares of Alset EHome. This transaction was completed with the transfer of DSS share to Alset EHome on July
1, 2022 with the issuance of DSS shares, which were valued at per share, to Alset EHome. 

On August 29, 2022, DSS Financial
Management Inc and Borrower 10, a related party, entered into a promissory note Note 10 in the principal sum of 
with interest of , is due in three quarterly installments beginning on September 14, 2022. All unpaid principal and interest is due
on . The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 approximates , and ,
respectively, and is included in Notes receivable on the accompanying consolidate balance sheet, of which is included in the Current
portion of notes receivable and is included in the long-term portion of notes receivable at December 31, 2023. 

71 

ITEM
9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On
June 29, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board approved replacing Turner, Stone Company, LLP (the
 Former Accountant as our independent registered public accounting firm, with Grassi Co. CPAs, P.C. (the New
Accountant as our independent registered public accounting firm, effective July 1, 2022. The engagement of the New Accountant
was recommended and approved by the Board. 

The
Former Accountant s audit report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 contained no adverse opinion
or disclaimer of opinion, nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. The audit report
of Turner, Stone Company, LLP on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 contained no adverse opinion or
disclaimer of opinion, nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 and the interim period ending June 30, 2022, there were no disagreements (as
such term is defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with the Former Accountant or the Previous Accountant on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the
satisfaction of the Former Accountant or Previous Accountant, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on the
financial statements for such periods. 

Prior
to retaining the New Accountant, the Company did not consult with the New Accountant regarding either: (i) the application of accounting
principles to a specified transaction, either contemplated or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s
financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event (as
those terms are defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM
9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

An
evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Interim Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of December 31, 2023. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023, to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
were resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the framework established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013,
commonly referred to as the COSO criteria. Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective based on those criteria. 

72 

In
connection with management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting described above, the following weaknesses
have been identified in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023: 

1. 
 The
 Company did not maintain a sufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with segregation of duties
 over complex transactions. 

2. 
 There
 was no systematic method of documenting that timely and complete monthly reconciliation and closing procedures take place. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Remediation
of the Material Weaknesses 

Management
believes it has taken significant steps during 2022, and subsequently in 2023, to strengthen our overall internal controls and eliminate
the material weakness of those controls. During the 2024 fiscal year, the Company will document and test the remediations put in place.
Such remediation includes the following: 

The Company hired a Controller, Director of External Reporting, Senior Accountant and Cost Accountant in 2022. The
Company has re-assigned responsibilities of other staff members to assist in the Company s financial reporting as well as segregating
duties to serve as a check and balance on employees integrity and to maintain the best control system possible. 

The Company has centralized its accounting functions across all divisions. The goal of this process is to support
the segregation of duties and to allow the Chief Financial Officer to focus on ensuring reporting packages, reconciliations, and other
financial reports are accurate and timely reported. 

A monthly operations and financial review is performed with key members of the management team, executive committee,
and accounting team which has enhanced the timeliness, formality and rigor of our financial statement preparation, review and reporting
process. 

The Director of External Reporting will complete the appropriate disclosure check list for the required filings.
The CFO will review the completion of this checklist in a timely manner for inclusion of all necessary disclosures. 

Routine account reconciliations for all key balance sheet accounts have been initiated. These account reconciliations
are reviewed timely by an independent person. 

Procedures
 have been enhanced and count sheets modified to ensure accuracy of physical inventory counts. 

The Company will engage an external, independent expert to review significant and/or complex accounting transactions,
when appropriate, to ensure the proper accounting treatment is applied. 

The
Company is committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and believes that these remediation efforts will represent
significant improvements in our controls. The Company has started to implement these steps, however, some of these steps will take time
to be fully integrated and confirmed to be effective and sustainable. Additional controls may also be required over time. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

While
changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2023 as the Company
continued to implement the remediation steps described above, we have not been able to fully document and test these controls to ensure
their effectiveness over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2023, and thus cannot conclude that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B - OTHER INFORMATION 

Please
see the disclosure related to the winding down of our intellectual property monetization business included in ITEM 1 BUSINESS,
Overview, Strategic Business Plan, Exiting Unprofitable Business Lines, which information is incorporated in this Item 9B by reference. 

DSS
intends to hold its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders at the end of the third quarter of 2024. 

73 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
executive officers and directors as of the date of this report are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Frank
 D. Heuszel 
 Jason
 Grady 
 Todd
 D. Macko 
 Ambrose
 Chan Heng Fai 
 
 Jos 
 Escudero 
 
 Wai
 Leung William Wu 
 Tung
 Moe Chan 
 Hiu
 Pan Joanne Wong 
 Shui
 Yeung Frankie Wong 
 Lim Sheng Hon Danny 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Director,
 Chairman 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Lead
 Independent Director 
 Director 
 Independent
 Director 
 Independent
 Director Director 

Biographical
and certain other information concerning the Company s officers and directors is set forth below. Except for Mr. Ambrose Chan Heng
Fai and his son Mr. Tung Moe Chan, there are no familial relationships among any of our directors. Except as indicated below, none of
our directors is a director of any other reporting companies. None of our directors has been affiliated with any company that has filed
for bankruptcy within the last ten years. We are not aware of any proceedings to which any of our directors, or any associate of any
such director is a party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries.
Each executive officer serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

74 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Director/Officer
 Since 
 
 Principal
 Occupation or 
 Occupations
 and Directorships 

Frank
 D. Heuszel 
 
 67 
 
 2018 
 
 Frank D. Heuszel currently serves as the Chief Executive
Officer of DSS, Inc., a NYSE American publicly traded company. He manages the strategic direction, growth, day to day operations, and
governance of the New York based multinational company operating businesses in biohealth and bioscience, healthcare, securities trading
and management platforms, blockchain technology, direct marketing, real estate, alternative energy, brand protection technology and securitized
digital assets. 

Mr. Heuszel became DSS s Chief Executive Officer
and Interim Chief Financial Officer in April 2019, prior to 2019 Mr. Heuszel was retired. He has served as a member of DSS s board
of directors since July 2018 and served as chairman of the company s Audit Committee from July 2018 to April 2019. 

Heuszel has extensive expertise in a wide array of
strategic, business, turnaround, and regulatory matters across several industries as a result of his executive management, educational,
and operational experience. Prior to joining DSS, Mr. Heuszel had a very successful career in commercial banking. For over 35 years, Heuszel
served in many senior executive roles with major US and international banking organizations. As a banker, Mr. Heuszel has served as General
Counsel, Director of Special Assets, Credit Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Auditor. Mr. Heuszel currently serves as CEO of the Texas
bank holding company, American Pacific Bancorp. Mr. Heuszel also operates a successful law practice focuses on the regulation and operation
of banks, management of bank litigation, corporate restructures, and merger and acquisitions. In addition to being an attorney and executive
manager, Mr. Heuszel is also a Certified Public Accountant (retired), and a Certified Internal Auditor. 

Mr. Heuszel also serves as a director of a Texas community
bank, Herring Bank of Amarillo, Texas and Mr. Heuszel serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Heuszel was appointed to this position
in May 2022. 

Frank D. Heuszel was born in Branson, Missouri, graduated
from the University of Texas at Austin from the McCombs School of Business in 1979 and received his Doctorate of Jurisprudence with honors
from South Texas College of Law in 1990. Frank received his certification as a Certified Public Accountant and as a Certified Internal
Auditor in 1985. 

Mr. Heuszel is also a member of the Texas State Bar,
the Houston Bar Association, Association of Corporate Counsel, Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants, and the State Bar of Texas
Bankruptcy Section. 

Mr. Heuszel s years of experience with the Company and decades of experience in banking and law make him an
asset to the Board 

75 

Jason
 Grady 
 
 50 
 
 2018 

Mr.
Jason Grady has held the position of Chief Operating Officer at the Company since August 2019. Concurrently, since July 2018, Mr. Grady
has served as President of Premier Packaging Corporation, a folding carton and consumer packaging manufacturer and wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. Previously, from April 2010 to July 2018, Mr. Grady served as the Company s Vice President of Sales Business
Development. In his capacity as COO, Mr. Grady oversees the operational management of multiple divisions, provides guidance for the company s
newly-formed subsidiaries, and conducts research and development into emerging market opportunities across various business operations.
His responsibilities encompass strategic leadership, driving key initiatives such as operations optimization, sales organization re-engineering,
new business development, international sales, sales management, and corporate marketing. He has directed the overall management of multi-divisional
operations and sales, including bio-health, nutraceuticals, wealth management, commercial lending, anti-counterfeit and authentication
solutions, enterprise security software technologies, and document security printing. Prior to his tenure at DSS, Mr. Grady held positions
as Vice President of Marketing at Parlec Corporation, Director of Business Development at Berlin Packaging Corporation, and served as
a sales and marketing executive at OutStart, Inc., an enterprise e-learning software company. Mr. Grady earned an undergraduate degree
in Marketing and Communications and a Master s Degree in Business Administration from the Rochester Institute of Technology. 

Todd
 D. Macko 
 
 51 
 
 2020 
 
 Mr.
 Todd D. Macko was promoted to Chief Financial Officer on August 16, 2021. Mr. Macko previously served as the Interim Chief Financial
 Officer and Vice President of Finance of DSS. As the Interim Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance, Mr. Macko s
 responsibilities included assisting DSS s Chief Executive Officer in all aspects of financial and regulatory reporting. In
 addition, his responsibilities included the day-to-day management of the Company s Accounting and Finance team and the financial
 leadership in the directing and improving of the accounting, reporting, audit, and tax activities. Prior to his role as Vice President
 of Finance for the Company, Mr. Macko joined the wholly owned subsidiary of DSS, Premier Packaging Corporation in January 2019, as
 its Vice President of Finance. Mr. Macko is a Certified Public Accountant with over 25 years of public and corporate financial management,
 business leadership and corporate strategy. Mr. Macko brings a wealth of experience with strengths in financial planning and analysis,
 business process re-engineering, budgeting, merger and acquisitions, financial reporting systems, project evaluation and treasury
 and capital management. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Macko served as the Corporate Controller for Baldwin Richardson Foods,
 a leading custom ingredients manufacturer for the food and beverage industry from November 2015 until January 2019. Prior to that,
 Mr. Macko served as the Controller for The Outdoor Group, LLC., Genesis Vision, Inc., Complemar Partners, Inc., and Level 3 Communications,
 Inc. Mr. Macko obtained is Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Rochester Institute of Technology. 

76 

Jos 
 Escudero 
 
 48 
 
 2019 

Mr. Escudero s career is focused on business
transformations, including turnaround, growth and M A situations. He has led large performance transformation programs within companies
of various industries and countries, including retail, fashion luxury, hotel and the new economy related to digitalization transformation
and crypto world. Mr. Escudero has been member of different Boards of Directors and Direction Committees of many companies in different
countries. He has been also working as expert for the leading private equity firms like: Harvard Investment Group (HIG), Advent, Goldman
Sachs, etc. He has been working in financial analysis, transactional support and strategy business development as well as operating management
in first level of international companies. Also, he has worked in more than 10 countries along his career (Singapore, HK, US, UK, Brazil,
Spain, etc.). 

Mr. Escudero worked as a Partner at BMI Capital Partners
from September 2013 to November 2019. Mr. Ecudero has worked as Certisign s Chief Strategy and M A Officer since November 2019.
He is currently working as partner of the Managing Consulting firm Hallman Burke, and previously worked for the Spanish M A
boutique Ambers Co. He started his career in PwC. 

Mr. Escudero has a B.Sc. in Economics from the Francisco de Vitoria University (Madrid, Spain) where he ranked number
one of the promotion. He has a Masters degree in Corporate Finance and Investment Banking from the Options Futures Institute. Currently
he is enrolled in Harvard University in Business Postgraduate studies. He collaborates with different Organizations and Business Schools
as speaker and professor: 

TED 

Ie - Instituto de Empresa 

Raffles University of Hong Kong 

IED - Istituto Europeo di Design 

ISDE - Instituto Superior de Derecho y Econom a 

CEF - Centro de Estudios Financieros 

Mr. Escudero s experience in mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and international trade along with
his education in economics and finance and investment banking qualify him to serve on the Company s Board of Directors and as a
member of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

77 

Wai
 Leung William Wu 
 
 57 
 
 2019 

Mr. Wai Leung William
Wu has served as a director of the Company since October 20, 2019. He served as the managing director of Investment Banking at Glory Sun
Securities Limited since January 2019. Mr. Wu previously served as the executive director and chief executive officer of Power Financial
Group Limited from November 2017 to January 2019. Mr. Wu has served as a director of Asia Allied Infrastructure Holdings 
 Limited since February 2015. Mr. Wu previously served as a director and chief executive officer of RHB Hong
Kong Limited from April 2011 to October 2017. Mr. Wu served as the chief executive officer of SW Kingsway Capital Holdings Limited (now
known as Sunwah Kingsway Capital Holdings Limited) from April 2006 to September 2010. 

Mr. Wu serves as a director and is on the audit committees
of Alset Inc., traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; JY GrandMark Holdings Limited listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; and Asia Allied
Infrastructure Holdings Limited listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. 
 
 Mr. Wu holds a Bachelor of Business Administration
degree and a Master of Business Administration degree of Simon Fraser University in Canada. He was qualified as a chartered financial
analyst of The Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts in 1996. 
 
 Mr. Wu previously worked for a number of international investment banks and possesses over 26 years of experience
in the investment banking, capital markets, institutional broking and direct investment businesses. He is a registered license holder
to carry out Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). Mr. Wu has served as a member of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region Committee of the
Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference in January 2013. 
 
 Mr. Wu s experience in banking, capital markets, investment banking, Asian economic and banking dynamics, and
education in corporate finance and asset management qualify him to serve on the Company s Board as Lead Independent Director, Chair
of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee. 

78 

Tung
 Moe Chan 

45 
 
 2020 

Mr.
Tung Moe Chan has served as a director of the Company since September 2020. In addition, since August 2020, he has served as Director
of Corporate Development of American Medical REIT Inc., a subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Mr.
Tung Moe Chan has served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of Alset Inc., a Nasdaq listed company since July 2021 and as the Executive
Director since October 2022. Mr. Tung Moe Chan also serves as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Alset International
Limited, a diversified holding company listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited .
Mr. Moe Chan is responsible for Alset International Limited s international real estate business (including serving as Co-Chief
Executive Officer-International and a member of the Board of its subsidiary LiquidValue Development Inc.). 
 
 From
April 2014 to June 2015, Mr. Moe Chan was the Chief Operating Officer of Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly known as ZH International
Holdings Limited and Heng Fai Enterprises Limited), an investment holding company listed on the HKSE and was responsible for that company s
global business operations consisting of REIT ownership and management, property development, hotels and hospitality, as well as property
and securities investment and trading. Prior to that, Mr. Moe Chan was an executive director (from March 2006 to February 2014) and the
Chief of Project Development (from April 2013 to February 2014) of SingHaiyi Group Ltd (now known as SingHaiyi Group Pte. Ltd.), a property
development company in Singapore which was listed on the Singapore Exchange Mainboard, overseeing its property development projects.
Mr. Moe Chan was also a non-executive director of the Toronto Stock Exchange-listed RSI International Systems Inc., a hotel software
company and the developer of RoomKeyPMS, a web-based property management system, from July 2007 to August 2016. 
 
 Mr.
Tung Moe Chan holds a Master s Degree in Business Administration with honors from the University of Western Ontario, a Master s
Degree in Electro-Mechanical Engineering with honors and a Bachelor s Degree in Applied Science with honors from the University
of British Columbia 
 
 Mr.
Tung Moe Chan s experience with the Company and experience with global business operations makes him an asset to the Board. 

Shui
 Yeung Frankie Wong 
 
 53 
 
 2022 
 
 Wong
 Shui Yeung joined the Board of Directors of the Company in July 2022. Mr. Wong is a practicing
 member and fellow member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member
 of Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and holds a bachelor s degree in business
 administration. Mr. Wong is a Certified Public Accountant admitted to practice in Hong Kong
 and he serves as the sole proprietor of S.Y.WONG. He has over 20 years experience
 in accounting, auditing, corporate finance, corporate investment and development, and company
 secretarial practice. 
 
 Mr.
Wong previously worked for a number of listed companies as the Chief Financial Officer and/or Company Secretary for over 20 years. He
was the CFO and/or Company Secretary of Lerthai Group Limited from September 2016 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and Alset
Inc. since January 2022 and November 2021 respectively, the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ. Mr. Wong has served as an independent
non-executive director of Alset International Limited since June 2017, the shares of which are listed on the Catalist Board of Singapore
Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Value Exchange International, Inc. since April 2022, the
shares of which are listed on the OTCQB. Mr. Wong was an independent non-executive director of SMI Holdings Group Limited from April
2017 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and was an independent
non-executive director of SMI Culture Travel Group Holdings Limited from December 2019 to November 2020, the shares of which are
listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Mr. Wong s experience
with accounting, public companies, and development make him an asset to the Board and qualify him to act as Chairman of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. 

79 

Wong
 Shui Yeung joined the Board of Directors of the Company in July 2022. Mr. Wong is a practicing
 member and fellow member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member
 of Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and holds a bachelor s degree in business
 administration. Mr. Wong is a Certified Public Accountant admitted to practice in Hong Kong
 and he serves as the sole proprietor of S.Y.WONG. He has over 20 years experience
 in accounting, auditing, corporate finance, corporate investment and development, and company
 secretarial practice. 

Mr. Wong previously worked for a number
of listed companies as the Chief Financial Officer and/or Company Secretary for over 20 years. He was the CFO and/or Company Secretary
of Lerthai Group Limited from September 2016 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong
has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and Alset Inc. since January 2022 and November 2021
respectively, the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ. Mr. Wong has served as an independent non-executive director of Alset International
Limited since June 2017, the shares of which are listed on the Catalist Board of Singapore Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has served as a member
of the Board of Directors of Value Exchange International, Inc. since April 2022, the shares of which are listed on the OTCQB. Mr. Wong
was an independent non-executive director of SMI Holdings Group Limited from April 2017 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed
on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and was an independent non-executive director of SMI Culture Travel
Group Holdings Limited from December 2019 to November 2020, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited. Mr. Wong s experience with accounting, public companies, and development
make him an asset to the Board and qualify him to act as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Wong
 Shui Yeung joined the Board of Directors of the Company in July 2022. Mr. Wong is a practicing
 member and fellow member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member
 of Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and holds a bachelor s degree in business
 administration. Mr. Wong is a Certified Public Accountant admitted to practice in Hong Kong
 and he serves as the sole proprietor of S.Y.WONG. He has over 20 years experience
 in accounting, auditing, corporate finance, corporate investment and development, and company
 secretarial practice. 

Mr.
 Wong previously worked for a number of listed companies as the Chief Financial Officer and/or
 Company Secretary for over 20 years. He was the CFO and/or Company Secretary of Lerthai Group
 Limited from September 2016 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed on the Hong
 Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Alset Capital
 Acquisition Corp. and Alset Inc. since January 2022 and November 2021 respectively, the shares
 of which are listed on NASDAQ. Mr. Wong has served as an independent non-executive director
 of Alset International Limited since June 2017, the shares of which are listed on the Catalist
 Board of Singapore Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board of Directors
 of Value Exchange International, Inc. since April 2022, the shares of which are listed on
 the OTCQB. Mr. Wong was an independent non-executive director of SMI Holdings Group Limited
 from April 2017 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed on the Main Board of The
 Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and was an independent non-executive director of SMI
 Culture Travel Group Holdings Limited from December 2019 to November 2020, the shares
 of which are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Mr.
 Wong s experience with accounting, public companies, and development make him an asset
 to the Board and qualify him to act as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
 Committee. 

80 

Hiu
 Pan Joanne Wong 
 
 56 
 
 2022 
 
 Ms.
 Joanne Wong has been Director and Responsible Officer (SFC), BMI Funds Management Limited since August 6, 2014. She has participated
 as the management role in fund administrator activities in A-Link Services Limited and Global Intelligence Trust Limited since 2020
 and 2018. Ms. Joanne Wong graduated from The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) with an Honors Bachelor s degree in Chemistry
 1999. She has expertise in an array of strategic, business, turnaround and regulatory matters
 spanning across several industries. Ms. Joanne Wong s experience in turnaround and regulatory matters across several industries
 makes her an asset to the Board. 

Lim
 Sheng Hon Danny 
 
 32 
 
 2023 
 
 Mr. Lim Sheng Hon Danny has served as a director of the Company since 2023. 
 
 Mr. Lim Sheng
Hon Danny has served as Senior Vice President, Business Development and as Executive Director of Alset International Limited, a
diversified holding company listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, since 2020. Mr. Lim Sheng Hon
Danny has served as an Executive Director of Alset Inc., a Nasdaq listed company, since October 2022. Mr. Lim Sheng Hon Danny has served
as Chief Operating Officer of HWH International Inc., a publicly traded company on the Nasdaq stock exchange since February 2024 and
also serves as its Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
 Mr.
Lim has over 7 years of experience in business development, merger acquisitions, corporate restructuring and strategic planning
and execution. Mr. Lim manages the Group s business development efforts, focusing on corporate strategic planning, merger and acquisition
and capital markets activities. He oversees and ensures the executional efficiency of the Group and facilitates internal and external
stakeholders on the implementation of the Group s strategies. Mr. Lim liaises with corporate partners or investment prospects for
potential working/ investment collaborations, operational subsidiaries locally and overseas to augment close parent-subsidiary working
relationship. 
 
 Mr.
Lim graduated from Singapore Nanyang Technological University with a Bachelor s Degree with Honors in Business, specializing in
Banking and Finance. 

Ambrose Chan Heng Fai 
 
 79 
 
 2017 
 
 Mr. Ambrose Chan Heng Fai has served as a director of the Company since February 12, 2017 and became Chairman of the Board of Directors on March 27, 2019. He has also served as an officer of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries, DSS International Inc. since July of 2017, as the Chief Executive Officer of DSS Digital Transformation Limited and DSS Cyber Security Pte. Ltd. since July 2019. 
 
 Mr. Chan is an expert in banking and finance, with 45 years of experience in these industries. He has also restructured
numerous companies in various industries and countries during the past 40 years. 
 
 Mr. Chan has served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Alset Inc., a Nasdaq listed company,
since March 2018. Mr. Chan has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Alset International Limited, a diversified holding company listed
on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, since April 2014, and has served as a director of that company since
May of 2013. Mr. Chan has served as the Chairman of HWH International Inc. (formerly known as Alset Capital Acquisition Corp.), a Nasdaq
listed company, since October 2021. Mr. Chan has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Hapi Metaverse Inc. (formerly known as
GigWorld Inc.), a technology company since October of 2014, as Executive Chairman since December 2017 and served as the Acting Chief Executive
Officer of Hapi Metaverse Inc. from August 2018 until September 2020, having previously served as Chief Executive Officer from December
of 2014 until June of 2017. Mr. Chan served as a non-executive director of Holista CollTech Ltd., an ASX listed company, from July 2013
to June 2021. Mr. Chan served as a director of OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. from June 2018 to April 2022. Mr. Chan has served as a director
of Sharing Services Global Corporation, an OTCQB since April 2020 and as the Chairman of the Board since July 2021. 
 
 Mr. Chan s previous experiences include serving as Managing Chairman of Zensun Enterprises Limited (formerly
known as ZH International Holdings Limited and Heng Fai Enterprises Limited), an investment holding company listed on the HKSE, from 1992
to 2015. Mr. Chan was formerly the Managing Director of SingHaiyi Group Ltd. (now known as SingHaiyi Group Pte. Ltd.), a property development
company in Singapore which was listed on the Singapore Exchange Mainboard, from March 2003 to September 2013, and the Executive Chairman
of China Gas Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong listed investor and operator of city gas pipeline infrastructure in China from 1997 to 2002.
Mr. Chan served on the Board of RSI International Systems, Inc., a Toronto Stock Exchange-listed, the developer of RoomKeyPMS, a web-based
property management system, from June 2014 to February 2019. 
 
 Mr. Chan has also served as a director of Global Medical REIT Inc., a healthcare facility real estate company, from
December 2013 to July 2015. He was a director of American Housing REIT Inc. from October of 2013 to July of 2015. He served as a director
of Skywest Ltd., a public Australian airline company from 2005 to 2006. Mr. Chan was a director of Global Med Technologies, Inc., a medical
company engaged in the design, development, marketing and support information for management software products for healthcare-related
facilities, from May 1998 until December 2005. 
 
 Mr. Chan s
international business contacts and experience qualify him to serve on our Board of Directors. 

81 

Board
of Directors and Committees 

The
Company has determined that each of Mr. Wai Leung William Wu, Mr. Shui Yeung Frankie Wong, Ms. Hiu Pan Joanne
Wong and Mr. Jos Escudero qualify as independent directors (as defined under Section 803 of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide). 

In
fiscal 2023, each of the Company s independent directors attended or participated in approximately 92 or more of the aggregate
of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors held during the period in which each such director served as a director
and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board of Directors during the period in which each such director
served on such committee. All directors attended last year s annual general meeting. During the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023, the Board held three meetings and acted by written consent on fourteen occasions. 

Effective
July 8, 2022, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Shui Yeung Frankie Wong as a non-executive member of the Company s Board of Directors.
Mr. Wong will serve as an independent director and serve on the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Effective
July 11, 2022, the Board of the Company elected Ms. Hiu Pan Joanne Wong as an independent, non-executive director of the Board. 

On
or around June 2022, Mr. John Thatch was no longer considered an independent director under the New York Stock Exchange listing
standards. Mr. Thatch remains a member of the Company s Board. On July 22, 2022, Mr. Wai Leung William Wu was appointed Lead
Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

Effective August 31, 2023, the
Board of the Company elected Mr. Lim Sheng Hon Danny as a, non-executive director of the Board. 

Mr. John Thatch resigned from
the Board on September 1, 2023. Mr. Thatch did not resign from the Board as a result of any disagreement related to the Company s
operations, policies or practices. 

Mr. Sassuan Samson Lee resigned
from the Board on February 8, 2024. Mr. Lee did not resign from the Board as a result of any disagreement related to the Company s
operations, policies or practices. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Company has separately designated an Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Audit Committee held six meetings in 2023 and did not acted by written
consent. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, the appointment, compensation, removal and oversight of the
work of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, overseeing the accounting and financial reporting process
of the Company, and reviewing related person transactions. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Audit
Committee is comprised of Mr. Wu, who serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Wong, and Mr. Escudero. Each
of Messrs. Wu and Escudero is qualified as a financial expert as defined in Item 407 under Regulation S-K of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Mr. Wong is financially sophisticated. Each of Mr. Wu, Mr.
Escudero and Mr. Wong is an independent director (as defined under Section 803 of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide). The Audit
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors, which can be found in the Investors/Corporate
Governance section of our web site, www.dsssecure.com. 

82 

Compensation
and Management Resources Committee 

The
purpose of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee is to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to
executive compensation, succession planning for the Company s executive team, and to reviewing and making recommendations to the
Board regarding employee benefit policies and programs, incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation and Management
Resources Committee met twice in 2023. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee is responsible for, among other things, (a)
reviewing all compensation arrangements for the executive officers of the Company and (b) administering the Company s stock option
plans. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee consists of Mr. Escudero, Mr. Wu and Mr. Wong, with Mr. Escudero as the Chairman.
Each of the members of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee is an independent director (as defined under Section 803 of
the NYSE American Company Guide). The Compensation and Management Resource Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the
Board of Directors, which can be found in the Investors/Corporate Governance section of our web site, www.dsssecure.com. The duties and
responsibilities of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee in accordance with its charter, are to review and discuss with
management and the Board the objectives, philosophy, structure, cost and administration of the Company s executive compensation
and employee benefit policies and programs; no less than annually, review and approve, with respect to the Chief Executive Officer and
the other executive officers (a) all elements of compensation, (b) incentive targets, (c) any employment agreements, severance agreements
and change in control agreements or provisions, in each case as, when and if appropriate, and (d) any special or supplemental benefits;
make recommendations to the Board with respect to the Company s major long-term incentive plans applicable to directors, executives
and/or non-executive employees of the Company and approve (a) individual annual or periodic equity-based awards for the Chief Executive
Officer and other executive officers and (b) an annual pool of awards for other employees with guidelines for the administration and
allocation of such awards; recommend to the Board for its approval a succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer, addressing the
policies and principles for selecting a successor to the Chief Executive Officer, both in an emergency situation and in the ordinary
course of business; review programs created and maintained by management for the development and succession of other executive officers
and any other individuals identified by management or the Compensation and Management Resources Committee; review the establishment,
amendment and termination of employee benefits plans, review employee benefit plan operations and administration; and any other duties
or responsibilities expressly delegated to the Compensation and Management Resources Committee by the Board from time to time relating
to the Committee s purpose. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee may request any officer or employee of the Company
or the Company s outside counsel to attend a meeting of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee or to meet with any
members of, or consultants to, the Compensation and Management Resources Committee. The Company s Chief Executive Officer does
not attend any portion of a meeting where the Chief Executive Officer s performance or compensation is discussed, unless specifically
invited by the Compensation and Management Resources Committee. 

The
Compensation and Management Resources Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation consultant to be used
to assist in the evaluation of director, Chief Executive Officer or other executive officer compensation or employee benefit plans and
has sole authority to approve the consultant s fees and other retention terms. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee
also has the authority to obtain advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting or other experts, advisors and consultants
to assist in carrying out its duties and responsibilities and has the authority to retain and approve the fees and other retention terms
for any external experts, advisors or consultants. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the appropriate and effective governance of the Company,
including, among other things, (a) nominations to the Board of Directors and making recommendations regarding the size and composition
of the Board of Directors and (b) the development and recommendation of appropriate corporate governance principles. At December 31,
2023, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consisted of Mr. Wu, Mr. Wong and Mr. Escudero,
each of whom is an independent director (as defined under Section 803 of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide Mr.
 Wong was appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as Chair of the Committee. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met once during 2023 and did not act by written consent in 2023. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors, which can be found in the Investors/Corporate
Governance section of our web site, www.dsssecure.com. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee adheres to the Company s
By-Laws provisions and Securities and Exchange Commission rules relating to proposals by stockholders when considering director candidates
that might be recommended by stockholders, along with the requirements set forth in the committee s Policy with Regard to Consideration
of Candidates Recommended for Election to the Board of Directors, also available on our website. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for identifying and selecting qualified candidates for election to the Board of Directors
prior to each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders. In identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Committee
considers each candidate s qualities, experience, background and skills, as well as other factors, such as the individual s
ethics, integrity and values which the candidate may bring to the Board of Directors. Currently, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee does not have an explicit policy regarding diversity, however, when considering candidates nominees shall not be discriminated
against based on race, religion, national origin, sex, disability or any other basis proscribed by applicable law. 

83 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that establishes the standards of ethical conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees
of the Company. A copy of the Code of Ethics covering all of our employees, directors and officers, and all other corporate governance
documents, are available on the Corporate Governance section of our web site at www.dsssecure.com. 

Information
about our Executive Officers 

On April 17, 2019, Frank D. Heuszel
became the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On August 16, 2021, Todd D. Macko was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
On July 15, 2019, Jason Grady was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The biographies for Messrs. Heuszel, Macko and Grady
are contained herein in the information disclosures relating to the Company s directors above. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any legal proceedings in the past 10 years that would require disclosure
under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of
a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and holders of more than ten percent of
the Company s Common Stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To
the Company s knowledge, based solely upon review of the copies of such reports filed with the SEC and written representations
that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable
to the Company s officers, directors and holders of more than ten percent of the Company s common stock were satisfied. 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation earned by each of the persons serving as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, referred to herein collectively as the Named Executive Officers , or NEOs, for
services rendered to us for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation (1)(2) 
 Total 
 
 Frank D. Heuszel, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 260,000 
 28,442 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 146,196 
 314,639 

2023 
 260,000 
 268,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 147,973 
 555,973 
 
 Jason T. Grady, Chief Operating Officer 
 2022 
 210,000 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16,735 
 236,735 

2023 
 247,344 
 78,319 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,460 
 345,123 
 
 Todd D. Macko, Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 198,000 
 42,887 

17,154 
 258,041 

2023 
 235,609 
 55,400 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,196 
 310,205 

(1) 
 Includes
 health insurance premiums, retirement matching funds and automobile expenses paid by the Company. 
 
 (2) 
 As part of a consulting agreement Mr. Heuszel had with APB prior to becoming the CEO of the Company, he is compensated 120,000 annual
for various responsibilities. 

84 

Employment
and Severance Agreements 

On December
12, 2023, Frank D. Heuszel, the Chief Executive Officer CEO of DSS, Inc. (the Company and the Company executed
a letter agreement Heuszel Interim Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Heuszel agreed to act as CEO of the Company on
a month-to-month basis beginning January 1, 2024 until a new employment agreement is executed (the Heuszel Interim Period ).
Mr. Heuszel s current employment agreement pursuant to which he serves as CEO expires on December 31, 2023. In accordance with the
Heuszel Interim Agreement, Mr. Heuszel will continue to act as CEO until either a new employment agreement is successfully negotiated
and executed or if the Heuszel Interim Agreement is terminated by either party by giving one month s written notice to the
other party. Pursuant to the Heuszel Interim Agreement, Mr. Heuszel s base salary is 260,000 per annum, which will be payable
to him monthly in arrears. There will be no bonus accrued or payable during the Heuszel Interim Period. 

On December
15, 2023, Jason Grady, the Chief Operating Officer COO of the Company and the Company executed a letter agreement (the
 Grady Interim Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Grady agreed to act as COO of the Company on a month-to-month basis beginning
January 1, 2024 until a new employment agreement is executed (the Grady Interim Period ). Mr. Grady s current employment
agreement pursuant to which he serves as COO expires on December 31, 2023. In accordance with the Grady Interim Agreement, Mr. Grady will
continue to act as COO until either a new employment agreement is successfully negotiated and executed or if the Grady Interim Agreement
is terminated by either party by giving one month s written notice to the other party. Pursuant to the Grady Interim Agreement,
Mr. Grady s base salary is 260,000 per annum, which will be payable to him monthly in arrears. There will be no bonus accrued or
payable during the Grady Interim Period. 

Also
on December 15, 2023, Todd Macko, the Chief Financial Officer CFO of the Company and the Company executed a letter agreement
(the Macko Interim Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Macko agreed to act as CFO of the Company on a month-to-month basis
beginning January 1, 2024 until a new employment agreement is executed (the Macko Interim Period ). Mr. Macko s current
employment agreement pursuant to which he serves as CFO expires on December 31, 2023. In accordance with the Macko Interim Agreement,
Mr. Macko will continue to act as CFO until either a new employment agreement is successfully negotiated and executed or if the Macko
Interim Agreement is terminated by either party by giving one month s written notice to the other party. Pursuant to the Macko Interim
Agreement, Mr. Macko s base salary is 248,000 per annum, which will be payable to him in accordance with the payroll policies of
the Company. There will be no bonus accrued or payable during the Macko Interim Period. 

85 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As
of December 31, 2023, there were no outstanding equity awards to our Named Executive Officers. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth cash compensation and the value of stock options awards granted to the Company s non-employee independent
directors for their service in 2023: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Current Directors 

Frank D. Heuszel 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Lim Sheng Hon Danny 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jos Escudero 
 27,150 
 - 
 - 
 27,150 
 
 Wai Leung William Wu 
 27,150 
 - 
 - 
 27,150 
 
 Hiu Pan Joanne Wong 
 21,100 
 - 
 - 
 21,100 
 
 Wong Shui Yueng 
 27,150 
 - 
 - 
 27,150 
 
 Sassuan Samson Lee 
 22,100 
 - 
 - 
 22,100 
 
 Tung Moe Chan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Each
independent director (as defined under Section 803 of the NYSE MKT LLC Company Guide) is entitled to receive base cash compensation of
 18,000 annually, provided such director attends at least 75 of all Board of Director meetings, and all scheduled committee meetings.
Each independent director is entitled to receive an additional 1,000 for each Board of Director meeting he attends, and an additional
 500 for each nominating and compensation committee meeting he attends and 750 for each audit and executive committee meeting he attends,
provided such committee meeting falls on a date other than the date of a full Board of Directors meeting. Each of the independent directors
is also eligible to receive discretionary grants of options or restricted stock under the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan.
Non-independent members of the Board of Directors do not receive compensation in their capacity as directors, except for reimbursement
of travel expenses. 

86 

ITEM
12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth beneficial ownership of Common Stock as of March 1, 2024 by each person known by the Company to beneficially
own more than 5 of the Common Stock, each director and each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table (see Executive
Compensation above), and by all of the Company s directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting
and dispositive power over the shares listed opposite his name except as indicated in the footnotes to the table and each person s
address is c/o DSS, Inc., 275 Wiregrass Parkway, West Henrietta, New York 14586. 

For
purposes of this table, beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, and includes
investment power with respect to shares owned and shares issuable pursuant to warrants for March 1, 2024. 

The
percentages of shares beneficially owned are based on 7,066,772 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 1, 2024,
and is calculated by dividing the number of shares that person beneficially owns by the sum of (a) the total number of shares outstanding
on March 1, 2024, plus (b) the number of shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 1, 2024. 

Percentage of 

Number of Shares 
 Outstanding Share 
 
 Name 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Beneficially Owned 
 
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan (1) 
 4,122,916 
 58.3 
 
 Jos Escudero 
 51 

Frank D. Heuszel 
 65,639 

Wai Leung William Wu 
 - 

Jason Grady 
 125 

Todd D. Macko 
 83 

Lim Sheng Hon Danny 
 - 

Tung Moe Chan 
 - 

Sassuan Samson Lee 
 51 

Frankie Wong 
 - 

Joanne Wong 
 - 

All officers and directors as a group (8 persons) 
 4,188,865 
 59.3 

5 Shareholders 

Alset International limited 
 1,068,309 
 15.1 
 
 Alset, Inc. 
 1,760,671 
 24.9 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 The
 beneficial ownership of Heng Fai Chan includes 4,122,916 shares of common stock, consisting of (a) 2,978 shares of common stock held
 by Heng Fai Holdings Limited, an entity controlled by Heng Fai Chan; (b) 979,325 shares of common stock held by Heng Fai Chan directly;
 (C) 311,634 shares of common stock held by Global Biomedical Pte. Ltd.; and (d) 1,068,309 shares of common stock held by Alset International
 Limited (e) 1,760,671 shares of common stock held by Alset Inc. 

Equity
Compensation Plans Information 

The
following table sets forth information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2023. 

Restricted stock to be issued upon vesting 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance (under equity compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a b)) 

Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan - options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan - warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2020 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 460,846 

Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 460,846 

87 

ITEM
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Except
as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member
thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since January 1, 2020, in which the
amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for
the last two completed fiscal years. 

The
Company owns 127,179,291 shares or approximately 4 of the outstanding shares of Alset International Limited Alset Intl ),
a company incorporated in Singapore and publicly listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited. This investment is classified as a marketable
security and is classified as long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as the Company has the intent and ability to hold the
investments for a period of at least one year. The Chairman of the Company, Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer of Alset Intl. Mr. Chan is also the majority shareholder of Alset Intl as well as the largest shareholder of
the Company. The fair value of the marketable security as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, was approximately 3,269,000 and
 3,319,000 respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company recorded unrealized loss on this
investment of approximately 177,000 and unrealized loss of 1,590,000, respectively. 

On
March 2, 2020, AMRE entered into a 200,000 unsecured promissory note with LVAMPTE, a related party. The Note calls for interest to be
paid annually on March 2 with interest fixed at 8.0 . As further incentive to enter into this Note, AMRE granted LVAMPTE warrants to
purchase shares of common stock of AMRE (the Warrants ). The amount of the warrants granted is the equivalent of the Note
Principal divided by the Exercise Price. The Warrants are exercisable for four years and are exercisable at 5.00 per share (the Exercise 
Price). In March 2022, this debt was converted into equity in AMRE, and LVAMPTE exercised the warrants for 200,000 (see the consolidated
statement of changes in stockholders equity) The holder is a related party owned by the Chairman of the Company s board
of directors. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Alset EHome International, Inc. Seller ), a related party, to
purchase from the Seller s its wholly owned subsidiary Impact Oncology PTE Ltd. IOPL for a purchase price 2,480,000.
The acquisition of IOPL has been treated as an asset acquisition as IOPL does not meet the definition of a business as defined in Topic
805. IOPL owns 2,480,000 shares of common stock of Vivacitas along with the option to purchase an additional 250,000 shares of common
stock. The Sellers largest shareholder is Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, the Chairman of the Company s board of directors and its largest
shareholder. At December 31, 2022 the full value of this investment was impaired. 

On
August 28, 2020, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, DSS Securities, Inc. entered into a corporate venture to form and operate
a real estate title agency, under the name of Alset Title Company, Inc, a Texas corporation ATC ). DSS Securities, Inc.
shall own 70 of this venture with the other two shareholders being attorneys necessary to the state application and permitting process.
The Company s CEO, who is a licensed attorney, has a stated non-compensated 15 ownership interest in the venture. There was minimal
activity for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
September 9, 2021, the Company finalized a stock purchase agreement (the SPA with American Pacific Bancorp APB ),
which provided for an investment of 40,000,200 by the Company into APB for an aggregate of 6,666,700 shares of the APB s Class
A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share. Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the SPA, the shares issued at a purchase
price of 6.00 per share. As a result of this transaction, DSS owns approximately 53 of APB, and as a result its operating results have
been included in the Company s financial statements beginning September 9, 2021. The Company incurred approximately 36,000 in
cost associated with the acquisition of APB which were recorded as general and administrative expenses. The acquisition of APB meets
the definition of a business with inputs, processes and outputs, and therefore, the Company has concluded to account for this transaction
in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting under Topic 805. Since acquisition, APB has incurred approximately 895,000 of
net losses, of which approximately 361,000 of loss incurred is attributable to non-controlling interest. The next largest shareholder
of APB is Alset EHome International, Inc. AEI ). AEI s Chairman and CEO, Heng Fai Chan, and a member of the AEI s
Board of Directors, Wu Wai Leung William, each serve on both the AEI Board and the Board of the Company. The CEO of the Company, Mr.
Frank D. Heuszel, also has an approximate 2 equity position of APB. 

88 

On
October 27, 2021, HWH World, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company entered a revolving loan commitment Note 5 with Borrower
5, a company registered in Taiwan. The outstanding principal and interest at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 is 0 and 63,000,
respectively, and was included in Notes receivable current portion. This note has been written-off during the third quarter 2023. 

On
October 13, 2021, LVAM entered into loan agreement with BMIC BMIC Loan ), a related party, whereas LVAM borrowed the principal
amount of 3,000,000, with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be adjusted at the maturity date. The BMIC Loan matures on October
12, 2022, and contains an auto renewal period of three months. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, 547,000 and 3,000,000,
respectively, are included in Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 

On
October 13, 2021, LVAM entered into a loan agreement with Lee Wilson Tsz Kin Wilson Loan ), a related party, whereas LVAM
borrowed the principal amount of 3,000,000, with interest to be charged at a variable rate to be calculated at the maturity date. The
Wilson Loan matures on October 12, 2022, and contains an auto renewal period of nine months. This loan was funded during March 2022.
As of December 31, 2023 2,131,000 is included in the Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. As of
December 31, 2022 3,000,000 is included in the Current portion of long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 

On
November 2, 2021, AMRE LifeCare entered into a loan agreement LifeCare Agreement with Pinnacle Bank, Pinnacle
Bank in the amount of 40,300,000. The LifeCare Agreement supported the acquisition of three medical facilities located in Fort
Worth, Texas, Plano, Texas, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for a purchase price of 62,000,000. These assets are classified as investments,
real estate on the consolidated balance sheet. The purchase price has been allocated as 32,100,000, 12,100,000, and 1,500,000 for
the facility, land and site improvements, respectively. Also included in the value of the property is 15,901,000 of intangible assets
with estimated useful lives ranging from 1 to 11 years. The net book value of the assets acquired as of December 31, 2022 is approximately
 52,407,000. The LifeCare Agreement calls for the principal amount of the in equal, consecutive monthly installments based upon a twenty-five
(25) year amortization of the original principal amount of the LifeCare Agreement at an initial rate of interest equal to the interest
rate determined in accordance as of July 29, 2022 provided, however, such rate of interest shall not be less than 4.28 , with the first
such installment being payable on August 29, 2022 and subsequent installments being payable on the first day of each succeeding month
thereafter until the maturity date, at which time any outstanding principal and interest is due in full. The affective interest rate
at December 31, 2022 was 8.46 . The maturity date of November 2, 2023, may be extended to November 2, 2024. As of December 31, 2022,
the outstanding principal and interest of the LifeCare agreement approximates 40,193,000, net of deferred financing costs of 270,000.
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal and interested approximates 41,331,000. Interest expense for the year-ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 approximated 1,142,000 and 952,000, respectively. The LifeCare agreement is currently in default. The Company is
in the process of remediating the related issues and continues to negotiate the extension of the loan. 

On
February 28, 2022, DSS entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Amendment with its shareholder Alset
EHome International Inc. AEI ), pursuant to which the Company and AEI have agreed to amend certain terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreement dated January 25, 2022 (the SPA ). Pursuant to the SPA, AEI had agreed to purchase up to 44,619,423 shares of
the Company s common stock for a purchase price of 0.3810 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 17,000,000. Pursuant
to the Amendment, the number of shares of the common stock of the Company that the AEI will purchase has been reduced to 3,986,877 shares
for an aggregate purchase price of 1,519,000. This transaction was completed on March 9, 2022. In addition, the Company s Executive
Chairman and a significant stockholder, Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest shareholder of AEI. 

89 

In
October 2017, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 50,000 (the Note to HWH
International, Inc. HWH or the Holder ), a related party. HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who
became a Director of the Company in April 2020. The Note is convertible into 333,333 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Concurrent
with issuance of the Note, the Company issued to HWH a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to an additional 333,333 shares of the
Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.15 per share. Under the terms of the Note and the detachable stock warrant,
the Holder is entitled to certain financing rights. If the Company enters into more favorable transactions with a third-party investor,
it must notify the Holder and may have to amend and restate the Note and the detachable stock warrant to be identical. On August 9, 2022,
HWH and the Company executed an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock warrant for 78,635.62, which amount represents
the principal plus accrued interest. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the acquisition of 62,122,908 shares of True Partners Capital Holdings Limited True Partners ), a company publicly traded on the Hong Kong stock exchange in exchange for 17,570,948 shares of DSS stock.
The True Partner shares were acquired from Alset EHome International, Inc. Alset EHome ), a related party. Mr. Heng Fai
Ambrose Chan, our director and Executive Chairman, is also Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and the largest beneficial
owner of the outstanding shares of Alset EHome. This transaction was completed with the transfer of DSS share to Alset EHome on July
1, 2022 with the issuance of DSS shares, which were valued at 0.34 per share, to Alset EHome. 

In
November 2021, AMRE entered into a convertible promissory note Alset Note with Alset International Limited Alset
International ), a related party, for the principal amount of 8,350,000. The Alset Note accrues interest at 8 per annum and matures
in December 2023, with interest due quarterly and the principal due at maturity. Principal and interest of approximately 8,805,000 is
included in long-term debt, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet on December 31, 2022. On May 17, 2022, the shareholders
of the Company approved the issuance of up to 21,366,177 Shares our Common Stock to Alset International to purchase the Convertible Promissory
Note issued by American Medical REIT, Inc. with a principal amount of 8,350,000 and accrued unpaid interest of 119,000 through December
31, 2022. This transaction was finalized in July 2022 and is eliminated upon consolidation into DSS. Interest expense for this note totaled
 796,000 in December 2023 and 346,000 in December 2022. 

On
February 28, 2022, DSS entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (the Amendment with its shareholder Alset
EHome International Inc. AEI ), pursuant to which the Company and AEI have agreed to amend certain terms of the Stock Purchase
Agreement dated January 25, 2022 (the SPA ). Pursuant to the SPA, AEI had agreed to purchase 44,619,423 shares of the Company s
common stock for a purchase price of 0.3810 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 17,000,000. Pursuant to the Amendment, the
number of shares of the common stock of the Company that the AEI will purchase has been reduced to 3,986,877 shares for an aggregate
purchase price of 1,519,000. This transaction was completed on March 9, 2022. In addition, the Company s Executive Chairman and
a significant stockholder, Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest shareholder of AEI. 

On
May 13, 2021, and later amended in April 2022, Sentinel Brokers, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company entered a revolving credit promissory
note Note 3 with Borrower 3, a company registered in the state of New York and related party. Note 3 has an aggregate
principal balance up to 3,000,000, to be funded at request of Borrower 3. Note 3, which incurs interest at a rate of 6.65 is payable
in areas until the principal is paid in full at the maturity date of May 13, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there
was 309,000 and 0, respectively, outstanding on the, and is included in current notes receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet. During the three months ended September 30, 2022, Sentinel Brokers converted approximately 1,364,000 of Note 3 into 13.64 preferred
shares of Borrower 3. In December 2022, Sentinel LLC obtained 75 ownership of Sentinel Co. and all transaction are eliminated upon consolidation
into DSS. 

In
October 2017, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 50,000 (the Note to HWH
International, Inc. HWH or the Holder ), a related party. HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who
became a Director of the Company in April 2020. The Note is convertible into 333,333 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Concurrent
with issuance of the Note, the Company issued to HWH a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to an additional 333,333 shares of the
Company s Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.15 per share. Under the terms of the Note and the detachable stock warrant,
the Holder is entitled to certain financing rights. If the Company enters into more favorable transactions with a third-party investor,
it must notify the Holder and may have to amend and restate the Note and the detachable stock warrant to be identical. On August 9, 2022,
HWH and the Company executed an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock warrant for 78,635.62, which amount represents
the principal plus accrued interest. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the issuance of up to 21,366,177 Shares our Common Stock to Alset International
Limited Alset International ), a related party, to purchase the Convertible Promissory Note issued by American Medical
REIT, Inc. with a principal amount of 8,350,000 and accrued but unpaid interest of 367,400 through May 15, 2022. This transaction was
finalized in July 2022. 

On
May 17, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the acquisition of 62,122,908 shares of True Partners Capital Holdings Limited True Partners ), a company publicly traded on the Hong Kong stock exchange in exchange for 17,570,948 shares of DSS stock.
The True Partner shares were acquired from Alset EHome International, Inc. Alset EHome ), a related party. Mr. Heng Fai
Ambrose Chan, our director and Executive Chairman, is also Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and the largest beneficial
owner of the outstanding shares of Alset EHome. This transaction was completed with the transfer of DSS share to Alset EHome on July
1, 2022 with the issuance of DSS shares, which were valued at 0.34 per share, to Alset EHome. 

90 

Sharing
Services Global Corp 

In
November 2021, SHRG and Hapi Caf , Inc, a company affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, a Director of the Company, entered
into a Master Franchise Agreement pursuant to which Sharing Services acquired the exclusive franchise rights in North America to the
brand Hapi Caf . Under the terms, Sharing Services, directly or through its subsidiaries, has the right to operate
no less than five (5) corporate-owned stores and can offer to the public sub-franchise rights to own and operate other stores, subject
to the terms and conditions contained in the Master Franchise Agreement. 

In
October 2017, Sharing Services issued a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 50,000 (the Note to HWH
International, Inc. HWH or the Holder ). HWH is affiliated with Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, who became a Director
of the Company in April 2020. The Note is convertible into 333,333 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Concurrent with issuance
of the Note, the Company issued to HWH a detachable stock warrant to purchase up to an additional 333,333 shares of the Company s
Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.15 per share. Under the terms of the Note and the detachable stock warrant, the Holder is entitled
to certain financing rights. If the Company enters into more favorable transactions with a third-party investor, it must notify the Holder
and may have to amend and restate the Note and the detachable stock warrant to be identical. On August 9, 2022, HWH and the Company executed
an agreement to settle the Note and cancel the related stock warrant for 78,636, which amount represents the principal plus accrued
interest. The detachable stock warrant to purchase the additional 333,333 shares of the Company s Common Stock was forfeited by
the Holder upon payment. The Company made the payment to HWH on August 9, 2022. 

In
the nine months ended December 31, 2021, a wholly owned subsidiary of the SHRG purchased skin care products manufactured by K Beauty
Research Lab. Co., Ltd K Beauty ), a South Korean-based supplier of skin care products that is affiliated with Heng Fai
Ambrose Chan, a Director of the Company, in the aggregate amount of 2.3 million. The Company s affiliates operating in Asia intend
to distribute skin care and other products in South Korea and other countries, including skin care products procured from K Beauty, as
part of the Company s previously announced strategic growth plans. 

In
February 2020, the Company, Alchemist Holdings, LLC Alchemist ), and a former Company officer entered into a Settlement
Accommodation Agreement (the Accommodation Agreement pursuant to which Alchemist and the former Company officer agreed
to transfer to the Company 22.7 million shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Alchemist, in settlement of certain obligations
to the Company. Under the terms of the Accommodation Agreement, Alchemist and the former Company officer also agreed to transfer to the
Company 15.6 million shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Alchemist, to offset certain legal and other expenses incurred
by the Company in connection with various related-party legal claims. Accordingly, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the Company
and Alchemist caused the transfer to the Company, in the aggregate, of 38.3 million shares of the Company s Common Stock then held
by Alchemist, and the Company retired such redeemed shares. In May 2022, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, on the one hand,
and Alchemist, the former officer and certain entities affiliated with the former officer, on the other hand, entered into a Confidential
Settlement Agreement with Mutual Releases (the May 2022Settlement Agreement pursuant to which the parties amicably settled
all claims and disputes among them; (b) the former officer sold to the Company 26,091,136 shares of the Company s common stock
then under the voting and dispositive control of the former officer; (c)the Company made a one-time payment of 1,043,645; and (d) the
Company and its relevant subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the former officer and relevant entities affiliated with the former officer,
on the other hand, exchanged customary mutual releases of any prior obligations among them. On May 19, 2022, the closing price for the
Company s common stock was 0.25 per share. During the nine months ended December 31, 2022, the Company measured and recognized
the repurchase of its common stock at its fair value of 626,187, derecognized its remaining liability under the Co-Founder s Agreement,
and recognized a recovery of 324,230 in connection with the previously recognized loss related to the Co-Founder s Agreement. 

In
July 2021, the Company, and American Premium Water Corporation American Premium entered into a business consulting agreement
pursuant to which the Company provides consulting services to American Premium in exchange for a monthly fee of 4,166. Mr. John JT 
Thatch, a director of the Company, also serves on the Board of Directors of American Premium. During the three and nine months ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recognized consulting fee income of 12,498 and 37,494, respectively. In August 2022, the Company executed
a non-binding letter of intent with American Wealth Mining Corporation AWM ), a related party, allowing AWM to be the exclusive
franchisee of Hapi Caf in the State of New York. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

The
Board conducts an appropriate review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential conflict
of interest situations where appropriate. The Board has adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves or ratifies any related
party transaction. In addition, the Board applies the following standards to such reviews: (i) all related party transactions must be
fair and reasonable and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same
goods and/or services at the time they are authorized by the Board and (ii) all related party transactions should be authorized, approved
or ratified by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors who have no interest, either directly or indirectly, in any such related
party transaction. 

91 

ITEM
14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit
of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, the review of financial
statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided by the auditor
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our
independent public accounting firm, Grassi Co. CPAs, P.C., Jericho, NY, for audit and review services for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 were approximately 365,000. The aggregate fees build for professional services rendered by Grassi Co for audit
and review services for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 325,000. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C., for tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 143,000 and 143,000 respectively.
DSS has engaged Greendyke Jencik Associates CPAs, PLLC to render quarterly and year end tax provisions. The aggregate fees for
2023 and 2022 were approximately 8,000 and 8,000. 

All
Other Fees 

There were fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal
accountant, Grassi Co. CPAs, P.C., associated with the Company s S-1 filings for Impact BioMedical approximating 87,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2023. 

Administration
of the Engagement; Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

The Company s Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee
establish policies and procedures for pre-approval of all audit or permissible non-audit services provided by the Company s independent
auditors. Our Audit Committee approved, in advance, all work performed for year ended December 31, 2023 by our principal accountant, Grassi Co. CPAs, P.C. The Audit Committee may establish, either on an ongoing or case-by-case
basis, pre-approval policies and procedures providing for delegated authority to approve the engagement of the independent registered
public accounting firm, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular services to be provided, the Audit
Committee is informed about each service, and the policies and procedures do not result in the delegation of the Audit Committee s
authority to management. In accordance with these procedures, the Audit Committee pre-approved all services performed by Grassi 
Co. CPAs, P.C. 

92 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Document Security Systems, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated August 25, 2016). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated By-laws of Document Security Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated June 22, 2018). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Document Security Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated August 27, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Document Security Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated November 6, 2020). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed January 8, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10.1 
 
 Document Security Systems, Inc. 2013 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex H to Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 originally filed with the SEC on November 26, 2012). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2014 by and among DSS Technology Management, Inc., Document Security Systems, Inc., Fortress Credit Co LLC and the Investors named therein (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated February 18, 2014). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for September 2015 Financing (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 17, 2015). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant for September 2015 Financing (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated September 17, 2015). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of amended Securities Purchase Agreement for September 2015 Financing (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated October 2, 2015). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of amended Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated November 30, 2015). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Proceeds Investment Agreement between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Brickell Key Investments LP dated November 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-K dated March 28, 2017). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Brickell Key Investments LP dated November 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-K dated March 28, 2017). 
 
 10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Investment Agreement and Certain Other Documents between DSS Technology Management, Inc., Document Security Systems, Inc., Fortress Credit Co LLC and Investors dated December 2, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-K dated March 28, 2017). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated September 6, 2017). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 6, 2017). 

93 

10.12 
 
 Securities Exchange Agreement, dated September 12, 2017, between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Hengfai Business Development Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2017). 
 
 10.13 
 
 2021 Employment Agreement entered by and between the Company and Frank Heuszel on November 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated November 19, 2020). 
 
 10.14 
 
 2020 Amendment entered by and between the Company and Frank Heuszel on November 13, 2020 
 
 10.15 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Jason Grady (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q dated November 13, 2019). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q dated November 13, 2019). 
 
 10.17 
 
 2020 Amendment entered by and among the Company, DSS Cyber Security Pte. Ltd. and Heng Fai Chan on November 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated November 25, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 
 2020 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.19 
 
 Term Sheet dated March 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated March 6, 2020). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated March 6, 2020). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated March 6, 2020). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Stockholder Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K dated March 6, 2020). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of April 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 1, 2020. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated June 16, 2020, by and between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K dated June 19, 2020). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, by and between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K dated July 1, 2020). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 28, 2020, by and between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K dated July 31, 2020). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among, Sharing Services Global Corporation, and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., dated April 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on April 9, 2021 
 
 10.29 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with Commission on April 9, 2021) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Proof Authentication Corporation and Document Security Systems, Inc. dated May 7, 2021 Relating to the Purchase and Sale of 100 of the Shares of DSS Digital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 11, 2021) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Underwriting Agreement between Document Security Systems, Inc. and Aegis Capital Corp. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 17, 2021) 

94 

10.32 
 
 Subscription Agreement by and among DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International, Inc., dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 10, 2021) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Stock Purchase And Share Subscription Agreement between Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc., and DSS, Inc. relating to the purchase of Sharing Services Global Corporation shares (incorporated by reference to exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 29, 2021) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 18, 2022, by and between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 19, 2022) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 18, 2022, by and between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 19, 2022) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 25, 2022, by and between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 19, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of February 25, 2022, by and between DSS, Inc. and Alset International Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note Agreement, as between the Alset International Limited and American Medical REIT Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International Inc., dated February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022) 
 
 10.40 
 
 True Partner Stock Purchase Agreement, between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International Inc., dated February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022) 
 
 10.41 
 
 True Partner Termination Agreement, between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International Inc., dated as of February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022) 
 
 10.42 
 
 DSS Termination Agreement, between DSS, Inc. and Alset EHome International Inc., dated February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of DSS, Inc., dated June 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2022) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Fifth Amended and Restated By-laws of DSS, Inc., dated June 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2022) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, by and between Alset International Limited and DSS, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2022) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note as between the Alset International Limited and American Medical REIT Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2022) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Amendment No.1 to Assignment and Assumption Agreement as between DSS, Inc. and Alset International Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2022) 

10.48 
 
 Letter Agreement dated April 17, 2023, by and between Sharing Services Global Corporation and Decentralized Sharing Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2023.) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Letter agreement between Frank D. Heuszel and DSS, Inc. executed December 12, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2023.) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Letter agreement between Jason Grady and DSS, Inc. executed December 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2023.) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Letter agreement between Todd Mack and DSS, Inc. executed December 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2023.) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note effective January 18, 2024 between DSS, Inc. and Impact BioMedical, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2024). 
 
 10.53 
 
 Clawback Policy 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Document Security Systems, Inc. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

ITEM
16 Form 10K/A SUMMARY 

None. 

95 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DSS,
INC. 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jason Grady 

Jason Grady 

Interim
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Todd D. Macko 

Todd
 D. Macko 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Todd D. Macko 

Todd
 D. Macko 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jason Grady 

Jason
 Grady 
 Interim
 Chief Executive Officer 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 

Heng
 Fai Ambrose Chan 
 Chairman
 of the Board and CEO of DSS International, Inc. 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Hiu Pan Joanne Wong 

Hiu Pan Joanne Wong 
 
 Director 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jos Escudero 

Jos 
 Escudero 
 Director 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Shui Yeung Frankie Wong 

Shui Yeung Frankie Wong 
 
 Director 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tung Moe Chan 

Tung
 Moe Chan 

Director 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Lim
 Sheng Hon Danny 

Lim Sheng Hon Danny 

Director 

October 22, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Wai Leung William Wu 

William
 Wu 
 Director 

96 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

Description
of Securities Registered Pursuant to 

 Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

General 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.02 par value per share, 62,086,099 of which were issued and
outstanding as of March 20, 2020. 

The
following description of our common stock summarizes the material terms and provisions of the common stock that we may offer under this
prospectus but is not complete. For the complete terms of our common stock, please refer to our certificate of incorporation, as amended,
(the Certificate of Incorporation which may be further amended from time to time, and our fifth amended and restated by-laws,
as further amended from time to time (the By-laws ). The New York Business Corporation Law NYBCL may also
affect the terms of these securities. 

Holders
of our common stock: (i) have equal rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, ratably when as and if declared by the
Company s board of directors; (ii) are entitled to share ratably in all assets of the Company available for distribution to holders
of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Company; (iii) do not have preemptive, subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable thereto; (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative
vote per share of common stock, on all matters which stockholders may vote on at all meetings of stockholders; and (v) the holders of
common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights. There is no cumulative voting for the election of directors.
Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of our common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of
stockholders. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws and the NYBCL 

Section
912 of the NYBCL generally provides that a New York corporation may not engage in a business combination with an interested stockholder
for a period of five years following the interested stockholder s becoming such. Such a business combination would be permitted
where it is approved by the board of directors before the interested stockholder s becoming such. Covered business combinations
include certain mergers and consolidations, dispositions of assets or stock, plans for liquidation or dissolution, reclassifications
of securities, recapitalizations and similar transactions. An interested stockholder is generally a stockholder owning at least 20 of
a corporation s outstanding voting stock. In addition, New York corporations may not engage at any time with any interested stockholder
in a business combination other than: (i) a business combination approved by the board of directors before the stock acquisition, or
where the acquisition of the stock had been approved by the board of directors before the stock acquisition; (ii) a business combination
approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting stock not beneficially owned by the interested
stockholder at a meeting called for that purpose no earlier than five years after the stock acquisition; or (iii) a business combination
in which the interested stockholder pays a formula price designed to ensure that all other stockholders receive at least the highest
price per share that is paid by the interested stockholder and that meets certain other requirements. 

A
corporation may opt out of the interested stockholder provisions described in the preceding paragraph by expressly electing not to be
governed by such provisions in its by-laws, which must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes of the outstanding
voting stock of such corporation and is subject to further conditions. However, our By-laws do not contain any provisions electing not
to be governed by Section 912 NYBCL. Under our By-laws, any corporate action to be taken by vote of the shareholders, shall be authorized
by a majority of votes cast at a meeting of shareholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote thereon. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC, 6201 15th Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11219,
USA, +1-800-937-5449 or +1-718-921-8124. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbols DSS. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 ex10-18.htm

Exhibit
10.18 

APPENDIX
A 

DOCUMENT
SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC. 

 2020
EMPLOYEE, DIRECTOR AND CONSULTANT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

1.
 DEFINITIONS. 

Unless
otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms, as used in this Document Security Systems, Inc. 2020
Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan, have the following meanings: 

Administrator
 means the Board of Directors, unless it has delegated power to act on its behalf to the Committee, in which case the Administrator
means the Committee. 

Affiliate
 means a corporation which, for purposes of Section 424 of the Code, is a parent or subsidiary of the Company, direct or indirect. 

Agreement
 means an agreement between the Company and a Participant delivered pursuant to the Plan and pertaining to a Stock Right, in such
form as the Administrator shall approve. 

Board
of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Cause
 means, with respect to a Participant (a) dishonesty with respect to the Company or any Affiliate, (b) insubordination, substantial
malfeasance or non-feasance of duty, (c) unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, (d) breach by a Participant of any provision
of any employment, consulting, advisory, nondisclosure, non-competition or similar agreement between the Participant and the Company
or any Affiliate, and (e) conduct substantially prejudicial to the business of the Company or any Affiliate; provided, however, that
any provision in an agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, which contains a conflicting definition of Cause
for termination and which is in effect at the time of such termination, shall supersede this definition with respect to that Participant.
The determination of the Administrator as to the existence of Cause will be conclusive on the Participant and the Company. 

Code
 means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended including any successor statute, regulation and guidance thereto. 

Committee
 means the committee of the Board of Directors to which the Board of Directors has delegated power to act under or pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan. 

Common
Stock means shares of the Company s common stock, 0.02 par value per share. 

Company
 means Document Security Systems, Inc., a New York corporation. 

Consultant
 means any natural person who is an advisor or consultant that provides bona fide services to the Company or its Affiliates, provided
that such services are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital raising transaction, and do not directly or
indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s or its Affiliates securities. 

Disability
 or Disabled means permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. 

Employee
 means any employee of the Company or of an Affiliate (including, without limitation, an employee who is also serving as an officer
or director of the Company or of an Affiliate), designated by the Administrator to be eligible to be granted one or more Stock Rights
under the Plan. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Fair
Market Value of a Share of Common Stock means: 

(1)
If the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or traded in the over-the-counter market and sales prices are regularly
reported for the Common Stock, the closing or, if not applicable, the last price of the Common Stock on the composite tape or other comparable
reporting system for the trading day on the applicable date and if such applicable date is not a trading day, the last market trading
day prior to such date; 

(2)
If the Common Stock is not traded on a national securities exchange but is traded on the over-the-counter market, if sales prices are
not regularly reported for the Common Stock for the trading day referred to in clause (1), and if bid and asked prices for the Common
Stock are regularly reported, the mean between the bid and the asked price for the Common Stock at the close of trading in the over-the-counter
market for the trading day on which Common Stock was traded on the applicable date and if such applicable date is not a trading day,
the last market trading day prior to such date; and 

(3)
If the Common Stock is neither listed on a national securities exchange nor traded in the over-the-counter market, such value as the
Administrator, in good faith, shall determine. 

ISO
 means an option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. 

Non-Qualified
Option means an option which is not intended to qualify as an ISO. 

Option
 means an ISO or Non-Qualified Option granted under the Plan. 

A- 1 

Participant
 means an Employee, officer, director, Consultant or advisor of the Company or an Affiliate to whom one or more Stock Rights are granted
under the Plan. As used herein, Participant shall include Participant s Survivors where the context
requires. 

Plan
 means this Document Security Systems, Inc. 2019 Employee, Director and Consultant Equity Incentive Plan. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Shares
 means shares of the Common Stock as to which Stock Rights have been or may be granted under the Plan or any shares of capital stock
into which the Shares are changed or for which they are exchanged within the provisions of Paragraph 3 of the Plan. The Shares issued
under the Plan may be authorized and unissued shares or shares held by the Company in its treasury, or both. 

Stock-Based
Award means a grant by the Company under the Plan of an equity award or an equity based award which is not an Option or a Stock Grant. 

Stock
Grant means a grant by the Company of Shares under the Plan. 

Stock
Right means a right to Shares or the value of Shares of the Company granted pursuant to the Plan an ISO, a Non-Qualified
Option, a Stock Grant or a Stock-Based Award. 

Survivor
 means a deceased Participant s legal representatives and/or any person or persons who acquired the Participant s rights
to a Stock Right by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

2.
 PURPOSES OF THE PLAN. 

The
Plan is intended to encourage ownership of Shares by Employees and directors of and certain Consultants to the Company and its Affiliates
in order to attract and retain such people, to induce them to work for the benefit of the Company or of an Affiliate and to provide additional
incentive for them to promote the success of the Company or of an Affiliate. The Plan provides for the granting of ISOs, Non-Qualified
Options, Stock Grants and Stock-Based Awards. 

3.
 SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. 

(a)
The number of Shares which may be issued from time to time pursuant to this Plan shall be twenty percent (20 of the total issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock as of December 31, 2019, or the equivalent of such number of Shares after the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, has interpreted the effect of any stock split, stock dividend, combination, recapitalization or similar transaction
in accordance with Paragraph 24 of the Plan. 

In
addition, on the first day of each calendar year, for a period of not more than ten (10) years, commencing January 1, 2021, or the first
business day of the calendar year if the first day of the calendar year falls on a Saturday or Sunday, the Shares available under this
Plan will automatically increase in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5 of the total number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding as of December 31 of the preceding fiscal year or (ii) such number of shares of Common Stock as determined by the Board of
Directors. 

(b)
If an Option ceases to be outstanding , in whole or in part (other than by exercise), or if the Company shall reacquire
(at not more than its original issuance price) any Shares issued pursuant to a Stock Grant or Stock-Based Award, or if any Stock Right
expires or is forfeited, cancelled, or otherwise terminated or results in any Shares not being issued, the unissued or reacquired Shares
which were subject to such Stock Right shall again be available for issuance from time to time pursuant to this Plan. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Stock Right is exercised, in whole or in part, by tender of Shares or if the Company s or an Affiliate s
tax withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding Shares, the number of Shares deemed to have been issued under the Plan for purposes
of the limitation set forth in Paragraph 3(a) above shall be the number of Shares that were subject to the Stock Right or portion thereof,
and not the net number of Shares actually issued. However, in the case of ISOs, the foregoing provisions shall be subject to any limitations
under the Code. 

A- 2 

4.
 ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN. 

The
Administrator of the Plan will be the Board of Directors, except to the extent the Board of Directors delegates its authority to the
Committee, in which case the Committee shall be the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator is authorized
to: 

(a)
Interpret the provisions of the Plan and all Stock Rights and to make all rules and determinations which it deems necessary or advisable
for the administration of the Plan; 

(b)
Determine which Employees, directors and Consultants shall be granted Stock Rights; 

(c)
Determine the number of Shares for which a Stock Right or Stock Rights shall be granted, provided, however, that in no event shall Stock
Rights with respect to more than 20 of the total Shares available under this Plan in any fiscal year be granted to any Participant in
such fiscal year; 

(d)
Specify the terms and conditions upon which a Stock Right or Stock Rights may be granted; 

(e)
Amend any term or condition of any outstanding Stock Right, including, without limitation, to accelerate the vesting schedule or extend
the expiration date, provided that (i) such term or condition as amended is permitted by the Plan; (ii) any such amendment shall not
impair the rights of a Participant under any Stock Right previously granted without such Participant s consent or in the event
of death of the Participant the Participant s Survivors; and (iii) any such amendment shall be made only after the Administrator
determines whether such amendment would cause any adverse tax consequences to the Participant, including, but not limited to, the annual
vesting limitation contained in Section 422(d) of the Code and described in Paragraph 6(b)(iv) below with respect to ISOs and pursuant
to Section 409A of the Code; and 

(f)
Adopt any appendices applicable to residents of any specified jurisdiction as it deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with
or take advantage of any tax or other laws applicable to the Company, any Affiliate or to Participants or to otherwise facilitate the
administration of the Plan, which appendices may include additional restrictions or conditions applicable to Stock Rights or Shares issuable
pursuant to a Stock Right; provided, however, that all such interpretations, rules, determinations, terms and conditions shall be made
and prescribed in the context of not causing any adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code and preserving the tax status
under Section 422 of the Code of those Options which are designated as ISOs. Subject to the foregoing, the interpretation and construction
by the Administrator of any provisions of the Plan or of any Stock Right granted under it shall be final, unless otherwise determined
by the Board of Directors, if the Administrator is the Committee. In addition, if the Administrator is the Committee, the Board of Directors
may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. 

To
the extent permitted under applicable law, the Board of Directors or the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities
and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any other person
selected by it. The Board of Directors or the Committee may revoke any such allocation or delegation at any time. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, only the Board of Directors or the Committee shall be authorized to grant a Stock Right to any director of the Company or
to any officer of the Company as defined by Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act. 

5.
 ELIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION. 

The
Administrator will, in its sole discretion, name the Participants in the Plan; provided, however, that each Participant must be an Employee,
director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate at the time a Stock Right is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator
may authorize the grant of a Stock Right to a person not then an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate;
provided, however, that the actual grant of such Stock Right shall be conditioned upon such person becoming eligible to become a Participant
at or prior to the time of the execution of the Agreement evidencing such Stock Right. ISOs may be granted only to Employees who are
deemed to be residents of the United States for tax purposes. Non-Qualified Options, Stock Grants and Stock-Based Awards may be granted
to any Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or an Affiliate. The granting of any Stock Right to any individual shall neither
entitle that individual to, nor disqualify him or her from, participation in any other grant of Stock Rights or any grant under any other
benefit plan established by the Company or any Affiliate for Employees, directors or Consultants. 

A- 3 

6.
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS. 

Each
Option shall be set forth in writing in an Option Agreement, duly executed by the Company and, to the extent required by law or requested
by the Company, by the Participant. The Administrator may provide that Options be granted subject to such terms and conditions, consistent
with the terms and conditions specifically required under this Plan, as the Administrator may deem appropriate including, without limitation,
subsequent approval by the shareholders of the Company of this Plan or any amendments thereto. The Option Agreements shall be subject
to at least the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Non-Qualified Options : Each Option intended to be a Non-Qualified Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions which the
Administrator determines to be appropriate and in the best interest of the Company, subject to the following minimum standards for any
such Non-Qualified Option: 

(i)
 Exercise Price : Each Option Agreement shall state the exercise price (per share) of the Shares covered by each Option, which exercise
price shall be determined by the Administrator and shall be at least equal to the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the
date of grant of the Option provided, that if the exercise price is less than Fair Market Value, the terms of such Option must comply
with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code unless granted to a Consultant to whom Section 409A of the Code does not apply. 

(ii)
 Number of Shares : Each Option Agreement shall state the number of Shares to which it pertains. 

(iii)
 Option Periods : Each Option Agreement shall state the date or dates on which it first is exercisable and the date after which
it may no longer be exercised, and may provide that the Option rights accrue or become exercisable in installments over a period of months
or years, or upon the occurrence of certain conditions or the attainment of stated goals or events. 

(iv)
 Option Conditions : Exercise of any Option may be conditioned upon the Participant s execution of a Share purchase agreement
in form satisfactory to the Administrator providing for certain protections for the Company and its other shareholders, including requirements
that: 

A.
The Participant s or the Participant s Survivors right to sell or transfer the Shares may be restricted; and 

B.
The Participant or the Participant s Survivors may be required to execute letters of investment intent and must also acknowledge
that the Shares will bear legends noting any applicable restrictions. 

(v)
 Term of Option : Each Option shall terminate not more than ten years from the date of the grant or at such earlier time as the
Option Agreement may provide. 

(b)
 ISOs : Each Option intended to be an ISO shall be issued only to an Employee who is deemed to be a resident of the United States
for tax purposes, and shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, with such additional restrictions or changes as the Administrator
determines are appropriate but not in conflict with Section 422 of the Code and relevant regulations and rulings of the Internal Revenue
Service: 

(i)
 Minimum standards : The ISO shall meet the minimum standards required of Non-Qualified Options, as described in Paragraph 6(a)
above, except clause (i) and (v) thereunder. 

A- 4 

(ii)
 Exercise Price : Immediately before the ISO is granted, if the Participant owns, directly or by reason of the applicable attribution
rules in Section 424(d) of the Code: 

A.
10 or less of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or an Affiliate, the exercise price per
share of the Shares covered by each ISO shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on the date
of grant of the Option; or 

B.
More than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or an Affiliate, the exercise price per share
of the Shares covered by each ISO shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on the date of grant
of the Option. 

(iii)
 Term of Option : For Participants who own: 

A.
10 or less of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or an Affiliate, each ISO shall terminate
not more than ten years from the date of the grant or at such earlier time as the Option Agreement may provide; or 

B.
More than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or an Affiliate, each ISO shall terminate not
more than five years from the date of the grant or at such earlier time as the Option Agreement may provide. 

(iv)
 Limitation on Yearly Exercise : The Option Agreements shall restrict the amount of ISOs which may become exercisable in any calendar
year (under this or any other ISO plan of the Company or an Affiliate) so that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined on the date
each ISO is granted) of the stock with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the Participant in any calendar year
does not exceed 100,000. 

7.
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK GRANTS. 

Each
Stock Grant to a Participant shall state the principal terms in an Agreement duly executed by the Company and, to the extent required
by law or requested by the Company, by the Participant. The Agreement shall be in a form approved by the Administrator and shall contain
terms and conditions which the Administrator determines to be appropriate and in the best interest of the Company, subject to the following
minimum standards: 

(a)
Each Agreement shall state the purchase price per share, if any, of the Shares covered by each Stock Grant, which purchase price shall
be determined by the Administrator but shall not be less than the minimum consideration required by the Delaware General Corporation
Law, if any, on the date of the grant of the Stock Grant; 

(b)
Each Agreement shall state the number of Shares to which the Stock Grant pertains; and 

(c)
Each Agreement shall include the terms of any right of the Company to restrict or reacquire the Shares subject to the Stock Grant, including
the time and events upon which such rights shall accrue and the purchase price therefor, if any. 

8.
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS. 

The
Administrator shall have the right to grant other Stock-Based Awards based upon the Common Stock having such terms and conditions as
the Administrator may determine, including, without limitation, the grant of Shares based upon certain conditions, the grant of securities
convertible into Shares and the grant of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock awards or stock units. The principal terms of each
Stock-Based Award shall be set forth in an Agreement, duly executed by the Company and, to the extent required by law or requested by
the Company, by the Participant. The Agreement shall be in a form approved by the Administrator and shall contain terms and conditions
which the Administrator determines to be appropriate and in the best interest of the Company. 

A- 5 

The
Company intends that the Plan and any Stock-Based Awards granted hereunder be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code
or meet the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3) and (4) of subsection (a) of Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable, and
be operated in accordance with Section 409A so that any compensation deferred under any Stock-Based Award (and applicable investment
earnings) shall not be included in income under Section 409A of the Code. Any ambiguities in the Plan shall be construed to affect the
intent as described in this Paragraph 8. 

9.
 EXERCISE OF OPTIONS AND ISSUE OF SHARES. 

An
Option (or any part or installment thereof) shall be exercised by giving written notice to the Company or its designee (in a form acceptable
to the Administrator, which may include electronic notice), together with provision for payment of the aggregate exercise price in accordance
with this Paragraph for the Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, and upon compliance with any other condition(s) set forth
in the Option Agreement. Such notice shall be signed by the person exercising the Option (which signature may be provided electronically
in a form acceptable to the Administrator), shall state the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised and
shall contain any representation required by the Plan or the Option Agreement. Payment of the exercise price for the Shares as to which
such Option is being exercised shall be made (a) in United States dollars in cash or by check, or (b) at the discretion of the Administrator,
through delivery of shares of Common Stock held for at least six months (if required to avoid negative accounting treatment) having a
Fair Market Value equal as of the date of the exercise to the aggregate cash exercise price for the number of Shares as to which the
Option is being exercised, or (c) at the discretion of the Administrator, by having the Company retain from the Shares otherwise issuable
upon exercise of the Option, a number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal as of the date of exercise to the aggregate exercise
price for the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, or (d) at the discretion of the Administrator, in accordance
with a cashless exercise program established with a securities brokerage firm, and approved by the Administrator, or (e) at the discretion
of the Administrator, by any combination of (a), (b), (c), and (d) above or (f) at the discretion of the Administrator, by payment of
such other lawful consideration as the Administrator may determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator shall accept only
such payment on exercise of an ISO as is permitted by Section 422 of the Code. 

The
Company shall then reasonably promptly deliver the Shares as to which such Option was exercised to the Participant (or to the Participant s
Survivors, as the case may be). In determining what constitutes reasonably promptly, it is expressly understood that the
issuance and delivery of the Shares may be delayed by the Company in order to comply with any law or regulation (including, without limitation,
state securities or blue sky laws) which requires the Company to take any action with respect to the Shares prior to their
issuance. The Shares shall, upon delivery, be fully paid, non-assessable Shares. 

10.
 PAYMENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUANCE OF STOCK GRANTS AND STOCK-BASED AWARDS AND ISSUE OF SHARES. 

Any
Stock Grant or Stock-Based Award requiring payment of a purchase price for the Shares as to which such Stock Grant or Stock-Based Award
is being granted shall be made (a) in United States dollars in cash or by check, or (b) at the discretion of the Administrator, through
delivery of shares of Common Stock held for at least six months (if required to avoid negative accounting treatment) and having a Fair
Market Value equal as of the date of payment to the purchase price of the Stock Grant or Stock-Based Award, or (c) at the discretion
of the Administrator, by any combination of (a) and (b) above; or (d) at the discretion of the Administrator, by payment of such other
lawful consideration as the Administrator may determine. 

The
Company shall when required by the applicable Agreement, reasonably promptly deliver the Shares as to which such Stock Grant or Stock-Based
Award was made to the Participant (or to the Participant s Survivors, as the case may be), subject to any escrow provision set
forth in the applicable Agreement. In determining what constitutes reasonably promptly, it is expressly understood that
the issuance and delivery of the Shares may be delayed by the Company in order to comply with any law or regulation (including, without
limitation, state securities or blue sky laws) which requires the Company to take any action with respect to the Shares
prior to their issuance. 

A- 6 

11.
 RIGHTS AS A SHAREHOLDER. 

No
Participant to whom a Stock Right has been granted shall have rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares covered by such Stock
Right except after due exercise of an Option or issuance of Shares as set forth in any Agreement, tender of the aggregate exercise or
purchase price, if any, for the Shares being purchased and registration of the Shares in the Company s share register in the name
of the Participant. 

12.
 ASSIGNABILITY AND TRANSFERABILITY OF STOCK RIGHTS. 

By
its terms, a Stock Right granted to a Participant shall not be transferable by the Participant other than (i) by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution, or (ii) as approved by the Administrator in its discretion and set forth in the applicable Agreement provided
that no Stock Right may be transferred by a Participant for value. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an ISO transferred except in compliance
with clause (i) above shall no longer qualify as an ISO. The designation of a beneficiary of a Stock Right by a Participant, with the
prior approval of the Administrator and in such form as the Administrator shall prescribe, shall not be deemed a transfer prohibited
by this Paragraph. Except as provided above during the Participant s lifetime a Stock Right shall only be exercisable by or issued
to such Participant (or his or her legal representative) and shall not be assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation
of law or otherwise) and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempted transfer, assignment, pledge,
hypothecation or other disposition of any Stock Right or of any rights granted thereunder contrary to the provisions of this Plan, or
the levy of any attachment or similar process upon a Stock Right, shall be null and void. 

13.
 EFFECT ON OPTIONS OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE OTHER THAN FOR CAUSE OR DEATH OR DISABILITY. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Option Agreement, in the event of a termination of service (whether as an Employee, director
or Consultant) with the Company or an Affiliate before the Participant has exercised an Option, the following rules apply: 

(a)
A Participant who ceases to be an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate (for any reason other than termination
for Cause, Disability, or death for which events there are special rules in Paragraphs 14, 15, and 16, respectively), may exercise any
Option granted to him or her to the extent that the Option is exercisable on the date of such termination of service, but only within
such term as the Administrator has designated in a Participant s Option Agreement. 

(b)
Except as provided in Subparagraph (c) below, or Paragraph 15 or 16, in no event may an Option intended to be an ISO, be exercised later
than three months after the Participant s termination of employment. 

(c)
The provisions of this Paragraph, and not the provisions of Paragraph 15 or 16, shall apply to a Participant who subsequently becomes
Disabled or dies after the termination of employment, director status or consultancy; provided, however, in the case of a Participant s
Disability or death within three months after the termination of employment, director status or consultancy, the Participant or the Participant s
Survivors may exercise the Option within one year after the date of the Participant s termination of service, but in no event after
the date of expiration of the term of the Option. 

(d)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if subsequent to a Participant s termination of employment, termination of director
status or termination of consultancy, but prior to the exercise of an Option, the Administrator determines that, either prior or subsequent
to the Participant s termination, the Participant engaged in conduct which would constitute Cause, then such Participant shall
forthwith cease to have any right to exercise any Option. 

(e)
A Participant to whom an Option has been granted under the Plan who is absent from the Company or an Affiliate because of temporary disability
(any disability other than a Disability as defined in Paragraph 1 hereof), or who is on leave of absence for any purpose, shall not,
during the period of any such absence, be deemed, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated such Participant s employment,
director status or consultancy with the Company or with an Affiliate, except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly provide; provided,
however, that, for ISOs, any leave of absence granted by the Administrator of greater than ninety days, unless pursuant to a contract
or statute that guarantees the right to reemployment, shall cause such ISO to become a Non-Qualified Option on the 181st day following
such leave of absence. 

A- 7 

(f)
Except as required by law or as set forth in a Participant s Option Agreement, Options granted under the Plan shall not be affected
by any change of a Participant s status within or among the Company and any Affiliates, so long as the Participant continues to
be an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate. 

14.
 EFFECT ON OPTIONS OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE FOR CAUSE. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Option Agreement, the following rules apply if the Participant s service (whether
as an Employee, director or Consultant) with the Company or an Affiliate is terminated for Cause prior to the time that all his or her
outstanding Options have been exercised: 

(a)
All outstanding and unexercised Options as of the time the Participant is notified his or her service is terminated for Cause will immediately
be forfeited. 

(b)
Cause is not limited to events which have occurred prior to a Participant s termination of service, nor is it necessary that the
Administrator s finding of Cause occur prior to termination. If the Administrator determines, subsequent to a Participant s
termination of service but prior to the exercise of an Option, that either prior or subsequent to the Participant s termination
the Participant engaged in conduct which would constitute Cause, then the right to exercise any Option is forfeited. 

15.
 EFFECT ON OPTIONS OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE FOR DISABILITY. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Option Agreement: 

(a)
A Participant who ceases to be an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate by reason of Disability may exercise
any Option granted to such Participant: 

(i)
To the extent that the Option has become exercisable but has not been exercised on the date of the Participant s termination of
service due to Disability; and 

(ii)
In the event rights to exercise the Option accrue periodically, to the extent of a pro rata portion through the date of the Participant s
termination of service due to Disability of any additional vesting rights that would have accrued on the next vesting date had the Participant
not become Disabled. The proration shall be based upon the number of days accrued in the current vesting period prior to the date of
the Participant s termination of service due to Disability. 

(b)
A Disabled Participant may exercise the Option only within the period ending one year after the date of the Participant s termination
of service due to Disability, notwithstanding that the Participant might have been able to exercise the Option as to some or all of the
Shares on a later date if the Participant had not been terminated due to Disability and had continued to be an Employee, director or
Consultant or, if earlier, within the originally prescribed term of the Option. 

(c)
The Administrator shall make the determination both of whether Disability has occurred and the date of its occurrence (unless a procedure
for such determination is set forth in another agreement between the Company and such Participant, in which case such procedure shall
be used for such determination). If requested, the Participant shall be examined by a physician selected or approved by the Administrator,
the cost of which examination shall be paid for by the Company. 

A- 8 

16.
 EFFECT ON OPTIONS OF DEATH WHILE AN EMPLOYEE, DIRECTOR OR CONSULTANT. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Option Agreement: 

(a)
In the event of the death of a Participant while the Participant is an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate,
such Option may be exercised by the Participant s Survivors: 

(i)
To the extent that the Option has become exercisable but has not been exercised on the date of death; and 

(ii)
In the event rights to exercise the Option accrue periodically, to the extent of a pro rata portion through the date of death of any
additional vesting rights that would have accrued on the next vesting date had the Participant not died. The proration shall be based
upon the number of days accrued in the current vesting period prior to the Participant s date of death. 

(b)
If the Participant s Survivors wish to exercise the Option, they must take all necessary steps to exercise the Option within one
year after the date of death of such Participant, notwithstanding that the decedent might have been able to exercise the Option as to
some or all of the Shares on a later date if he or she had not died and had continued to be an Employee, director or Consultant or, if
earlier, within the originally prescribed term of the Option. 

17.
 EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE ON STOCK GRANTS AND STOCK-BASED AWARDS. 

In
the event of a termination of service (whether as an Employee, director or Consultant) with the Company or an Affiliate for any reason
before the Participant has accepted a Stock Grant or a Stock-Based Award and paid the purchase price, if required, such grant shall terminate. 

For
purposes of this Paragraph 17 and Paragraph 18 below, a Participant to whom a Stock Grant has been issued under the Plan who is absent
from work with the Company or with an Affiliate because of temporary disability (any disability other than a Disability as defined in
Paragraph 1 hereof), or who is on leave of absence for any purpose, shall not, during the period of any such absence, be deemed, by virtue
of such absence alone, to have terminated such Participant s employment, director status or consultancy with the Company or with
an Affiliate, except as the Administrator may otherwise expressly provide. 

In
addition, for purposes of this Paragraph 17 and Paragraph 18 below, any change of employment or other service within or among the Company
and any Affiliates shall not be treated as a termination of employment, director status or consultancy so long as the Participant continues
to be an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or any Affiliate. 

18.
 EFFECT ON STOCK GRANTS OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE OTHER THAN FOR CAUSE OR DEATH OR DISABILITY. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Grant Agreement, in the event of a termination of service (whether as an Employee,
director or Consultant), other than termination for Cause, Disability, or death for which events there are special rules in Paragraphs
19, 20, and 21, respectively, before all forfeiture provisions or Company rights of repurchase shall have lapsed, then the Company shall
have the right to cancel or repurchase that number of Shares subject to a Stock Grant as to which the Company s forfeiture or repurchase
rights have not lapsed. 

19.
 EFFECT ON STOCK GRANTS OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE FOR CAUSE. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Grant Agreement, the following rules apply if the Participant s service (whether
as an Employee, director or Consultant) with the Company or an Affiliate is terminated for Cause: 

(a)
All Shares subject to any Stock Grant whether or not then subject to forfeiture or repurchase shall be immediately subject to repurchase
by the Company at par value. 

(b)
Cause is not limited to events which have occurred prior to a Participant s termination of service, nor is it necessary that the
Administrator s finding of Cause occur prior to termination. If the Administrator determines, subsequent to a Participant s
termination of service, that either prior or subsequent to the Participant s termination the Participant engaged in conduct which
would constitute Cause, then all Shares subject to any Stock Grant that remained subject to forfeiture provisions or as to which the
Company had a repurchase right on the date of termination shall be immediately forfeited to the Company. 

A- 9 

20.
 EFFECT ON STOCK GRANTS OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE FOR DISABILITY. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Grant Agreement, the following rules apply if a Participant ceases to be an Employee,
director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate by reason of Disability: to the extent the forfeiture provisions or the Company s
rights of repurchase have not lapsed on the date of Disability, they shall be exercisable; provided, however, that in the event such
forfeiture provisions or rights of repurchase lapse periodically, such provisions or rights shall lapse to the extent of a pro rata portion
of the Shares subject to such Stock Grant through the date of Disability as would have lapsed had the Participant not become Disabled.
The proration shall be based upon the number of days accrued prior to the date of Disability. 

The
Administrator shall make the determination both as to whether Disability has occurred and the date of its occurrence (unless a procedure
for such determination is set forth in another agreement between the Company and such Participant, in which case such procedure shall
be used for such determination). If requested, the Participant shall be examined by a physician selected or approved by the Administrator,
the cost of which examination shall be paid for by the Company. 

21.
 EFFECT ON STOCK GRANTS OF DEATH WHILE AN EMPLOYEE, DIRECTOR OR CONSULTANT. 

Except
as otherwise provided in a Participant s Stock Grant Agreement, the following rules apply in the event of the death of a Participant
while the Participant is an Employee, director or Consultant of the Company or of an Affiliate: to the extent the forfeiture provisions
or the Company s rights of repurchase have not lapsed on the date of death, they shall be exercisable; provided, however, that
in the event such forfeiture provisions or rights of repurchase lapse periodically, such provisions or rights shall lapse to the extent
of a pro rata portion of the Shares subject to such Stock Grant through the date of death as would have lapsed had the Participant not
died. The proration shall be based upon the number of days accrued prior to the Participant s date of death. 

22.
 PURCHASE FOR INVESTMENT. 

Unless
the offering and sale of the Shares shall have been effectively registered under the Securities Act, the Company shall be under no obligation
to issue Shares under the Plan unless and until the following conditions have been fulfilled: 

(a)
The person who receives a Stock Right shall warrant to the Company, prior to the receipt of Shares, that such person is acquiring such
Shares for his or her own account, for investment, and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, the distribution of any such
Shares, in which event the person acquiring such Shares shall be bound by the provisions of the following legend (or a legend in substantially
similar form) which shall be endorsed upon the certificate evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to such exercise or such grant: 

The
shares represented by this certificate have been taken for investment and they may not be sold or otherwise transferred by any person,
including a pledgee, unless (1) either (a) a Registration Statement with respect to such shares shall be effective under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or (b) the Company shall have received an opinion of counsel satisfactory to it that an exemption from registration
under such Act is then available, and (2) there shall have been compliance with all applicable state securities laws. 

(b)
At the discretion of the Administrator, the Company shall have received an opinion of its counsel that the Shares may be issued in compliance
with the Securities Act without registration thereunder. 

23.
 DISSOLUTION OR LIQUIDATION OF THE COMPANY. 

Upon
the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all Options granted under this Plan which as of such date shall not have been exercised
and all Stock Grants and Stock-Based Awards which have not been accepted, to the extent required under the applicable Agreement, will
terminate and become null and void; provided, however, that if the rights of a Participant or a Participant s Survivors have not
otherwise terminated and expired, the Participant or the Participant s Survivors will have the right immediately prior to such
dissolution or liquidation to exercise or accept any Stock Right to the extent that the Stock Right is exercisable or subject to acceptance
as of the date immediately prior to such dissolution or liquidation. Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any outstanding
Stock-Based Awards shall immediately terminate unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or specifically provided in the applicable
Agreement. 

A- 10 

24.
 ADJUSTMENTS. 

Upon
the occurrence of any of the following events, a Participant s rights with respect to any Stock Right granted to him or her hereunder
shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided, unless otherwise specifically provided in a Participant s Agreement: 

(a)
 Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If (i) the shares of Common Stock shall be subdivided or combined into a greater or smaller
number of shares or if the Company shall issue any shares of Common Stock as a stock dividend on its outstanding Common Stock, or (ii)
additional shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect
to such shares of Common Stock, each Stock Right and the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable thereunder shall be appropriately
increased or decreased proportionately, and appropriate adjustments shall be made including, in the exercise or purchase price per share,
to reflect such events. The number of Shares subject to the limitations in Paragraph 3(a) and 4(c) shall also be proportionately adjusted
upon the occurrence of such events. 

(b)
 Corporate Transactions . If the Company is to be consolidated with or acquired by another entity in a merger, consolidation, or
sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets other than a transaction to merely change the state of incorporation (a
 Corporate Transaction ), the Administrator or the board of directors of any entity assuming the obligations of the Company
hereunder (the Successor Board ), shall, as to outstanding Options, either (i) make appropriate provision for the continuation
of such Options by substituting on an equitable basis for the Shares then subject to such Options either the consideration payable with
respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction or securities of any successor or acquiring
entity; or (ii) upon written notice to the Participants, provide that such Options must be exercised (either (A) to the extent then exercisable
or, (B) at the discretion of the Administrator, any such Options being made partially or fully exercisable for purposes of this Subparagraph),
within a specified number of days of the date of such notice, at the end of which period such Options which have not been exercised shall
terminate whether or not vested; or (iii) terminate such Options in exchange for payment of an amount equal to the consideration payable
upon consummation of such Corporate Transaction to a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock into which such Option would have
been exercisable (either (A) to the extent then exercisable or, (B) at the discretion of the Administrator, any such Options being made
partially or fully exercisable for purposes of this Subparagraph) less the aggregate exercise price thereof. For purposes of determining
the payments to be made pursuant to Subclause (iii) above, in the case of a Corporate Transaction the consideration for which, in whole
or in part, is other than cash, the consideration other than cash shall be valued at the fair value thereof as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors. 

With
respect to outstanding Stock Grants, the Administrator or the Successor Board, shall make appropriate provision for the continuation
of such Stock Grants on the same terms and conditions by substituting on an equitable basis for the Shares then subject to such Stock
Grants either the consideration payable with respect to the outstanding Shares of Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction
or securities of any successor or acquiring entity. In lieu of the foregoing, in connection with any Corporate Transaction, the Administrator
may provide that, upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction, each outstanding Stock Grant shall be terminated in exchange for payment
of an amount equal to the consideration payable upon consummation of such Corporate Transaction to a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock comprising such Stock Grant (to the extent such Stock Grant is no longer subject to any forfeiture or repurchase rights
then in effect or, at the discretion of the Administrator, all forfeiture and repurchase rights being waived upon such Corporate Transaction). 

In
taking any of the actions permitted under this Paragraph 24(b), the Administrator shall not be obligated by the Plan to treat all Stock
Rights, all Stock Rights held by a Participant, or all Stock Rights of the same type, identically. 

A- 11 

(c)
 Recapitalization or Reorganization . In the event of a recapitalization or reorganization of the Company other than a Corporate
Transaction pursuant to which securities of the Company or of another corporation are issued with respect to the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, a Participant upon exercising an Option or accepting a Stock Grant after the recapitalization or reorganization shall be
entitled to receive for the price paid upon such exercise or acceptance if any, the number of replacement securities which would have
been received if such Option had been exercised or Stock Grant accepted prior to such recapitalization or reorganization. 

(d)
 Adjustments to Stock-Based Awards . Upon the happening of any of the events described in Subparagraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, any
outstanding Stock-Based Award shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the events described in such Subparagraphs. The Administrator
or the Successor Board shall determine the specific adjustments to be made under this Paragraph 24, including, but not limited to the
effect of any, Corporate Transaction and, subject to Paragraph 4, its determination shall be conclusive. 

(e)
 Modification of Options . Notwithstanding the foregoing, any adjustments made pursuant to Subparagraph (a), (b) or (c) above with
respect to Options shall be made only after the Administrator determines whether such adjustments would (i) constitute a modification 
of any ISOs (as that term is defined in Section 424(h) of the Code) or (ii) cause any adverse tax consequences for the holders of Options,
including, but not limited to, pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. If the Administrator determines that such adjustments made with
respect to Options would constitute a modification or other adverse tax consequence, it may refrain from making such adjustments, unless
the holder of an Option specifically agrees in writing that such adjustment be made and such writing indicates that the holder has full
knowledge of the consequences of such modification on his or her income tax treatment with respect to the Option. This
paragraph shall not apply to the acceleration of the vesting of any ISO that would cause any portion of the ISO to violate the annual
vesting limitation contained in Section 422(d) of the Code, as described in Paragraph 6(b)(iv). 

25.
 ISSUANCES OF SECURITIES. 

Except
as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock
of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares subject
to Stock Rights. Except as expressly provided herein, no adjustments shall be made for dividends paid in cash or in property (including
without limitation, securities) of the Company prior to any issuance of Shares pursuant to a Stock Right. 

26.
 FRACTIONAL SHARES. 

No
fractional shares shall be issued under the Plan and the person exercising a Stock Right shall receive from the Company cash in lieu
of such fractional shares equal to the Fair Market Value thereof. 

27.
 CONVERSION OF ISOs INTO NON-QUALIFIED OPTIONS; TERMINATION OF ISOs. 

The
Administrator, at the written request of any Participant, may in its discretion take such actions as may be necessary to convert such
Participant s ISOs (or any portions thereof) that have not been exercised on the date of conversion into Non-Qualified Options
at any time prior to the expiration of such ISOs, regardless of whether the Participant is an Employee of the Company or an Affiliate
at the time of such conversion. At the time of such conversion, the Administrator (with the consent of the Participant) may impose such
conditions on the exercise of the resulting Non-Qualified Options as the Administrator in its discretion may determine, provided that
such conditions shall not be inconsistent with this Plan. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any Participant the right to have
such Participant s ISOs converted into Non-Qualified Options, and no such conversion shall occur until and unless the Administrator
takes appropriate action. The Administrator, with the consent of the Participant, may also terminate any portion of any ISO that has
not been exercised at the time of such conversion. 

A- 12 

28.
 WITHHOLDING. 

In
the event that any federal, state, or local income taxes, employment taxes, Federal Insurance Contributions Act F.I.C.A. withholdings or other amounts are required by applicable law or governmental regulation to be withheld from the Participant s salary,
wages or other remuneration in connection with the issuance of a Stock Right or Shares under the Plan or for any other reason required
by law, the Company may withhold from the Participant s compensation, if any, or may require that the Participant advance in cash
to the Company, or to any Affiliate of the Company which employs or employed the Participant, the statutory minimum amount of such withholdings
unless a different withholding arrangement, including the use of shares of the Company s Common Stock or a promissory note, is
authorized by the Administrator (and permitted by law). For purposes hereof, the fair market value of the shares withheld for purposes
of payroll withholding shall be determined in the manner set forth under the definition of Fair Market Value provided in Paragraph 1
above, as of the most recent practicable date prior to the date of exercise. If the Fair Market Value of the shares withheld is less
than the amount of payroll withholdings required, the Participant may be required to advance the difference in cash to the Company or
the Affiliate employer. The Administrator in its discretion may condition the exercise of an Option for less than the then Fair Market
Value on the Participant s payment of such additional withholding. 

29.
 NOTICE TO COMPANY OF DISQUALIFYING DISPOSITION. 

Each
Employee who receives an ISO must agree to notify the Company in writing immediately after the Employee makes a Disqualifying Disposition
of any Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an ISO. A Disqualifying Disposition is defined in Section 424(c) of the Code and includes
any disposition (including any sale or gift) of such Shares before the later of (a) two years after the date the Employee was granted
the ISO, or (b) one year after the date the Employee acquired Shares by exercising the ISO, except as otherwise provided in Section 424(c)
of the Code. If the Employee has died before such Shares are sold, these holding period requirements do not apply and no Disqualifying
Disposition can occur thereafter. 

30.
 TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. 

The
Plan will terminate on January 1, 2030, the date which is ten years from the earlier of the date of its adoption by the Board
of Directors and the date of its approval by the shareholders of the Company. The Plan may be terminated at an earlier date by vote of
the shareholders or the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that any such earlier termination shall not affect any
Agreements executed prior to the effective date of such termination. Termination of the Plan shall not affect any Stock Rights theretofore
granted. 

31.
 AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND AGREEMENTS. 

The
Plan may be amended by the shareholders of the Company. The Plan may also be amended by the Administrator, including, without limitation,
to the extent necessary to qualify any or all outstanding Stock Rights granted under the Plan or Stock Rights to be granted under the
Plan for favorable federal income tax treatment as may be afforded incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code (including deferral
of taxation upon exercise), and to the extent necessary to qualify the Shares issuable under the Plan for listing on any national securities
exchange or quotation in any national automated quotation system of securities dealers. In addition, if NYSE Amex amends its corporate
governance rules so that such rules no longer require stockholder approval of material amendments of equity compensation
plans, then, from and after the effective date of such an amendment to such rules, no amendment of the Plan which (i) materially increases
the number of shares to be issued under the Plan (other than to reflect a reorganization, stock split, merger, spin-off or similar transaction);
(ii) materially increases the benefits to Participants, including any material change to: (a) permit a repricing (or decrease in exercise
price) of outstanding Options, (b) reduce the price at which Shares or Options may be offered, or (c) extend the duration of the Plan;
(iii) materially expands the class of Participants eligible to participate in the Plan; or (iv) expands the types of awards provided
under the Plan shall become effective unless stockholder approval is obtained. Any amendment approved by the Administrator which the
Administrator determines is of a scope that requires shareholder approval shall be subject to obtaining such shareholder approval. Any
modification or amendment of the Plan shall not, without the consent of a Participant, adversely affect his or her rights under a Stock
Right previously granted to him or her. With the consent of the Participant affected, the Administrator may amend outstanding Agreements
in a manner which may be adverse to the Participant but which is not inconsistent with the Plan. In the discretion of the Administrator,
outstanding Agreements may be amended by the Administrator in a manner which is not adverse to the Participant. 

32.
 EMPLOYMENT OR OTHER RELATIONSHIP. 

Nothing
in this Plan or any Agreement shall be deemed to prevent the Company or an Affiliate from terminating the employment, consultancy or
director status of a Participant, nor to prevent a Participant from terminating his or her own employment, consultancy or director status
or to give any Participant a right to be retained in employment or other service by the Company or any Affiliate for any period of time. 

33.
 GOVERNING LAW. 

This
Plan shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

A- 13 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.53>
 4
 ex10-53.htm

Exhibit
10.53 

DSS,
INC. 

CLAWBACK
POLICY 

Introduction 

The
Board of Directors Board of DSS, Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interests
of the Company and its stockholders to adopt this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event
of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities
laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 ), and
Section 811 of the NYSE American Company Guide NYSE American ). 

Administration 

This
Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation
Committee or the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee ), or any special committee comprised
of members of the Compensation Committee or Audit Committee (the Administrator ). Any determinations made by the
Administrator shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. Subject to any limitation at applicable law, the Administrator
may authorize and empower any officer or employee of the Company to take any and all actions necessary or appropriate to carry out the
purpose and intent of this Policy (other than with respect to any recovery under this Policy involving such officer or employee). 

Covered
Executives 

This
Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Administrator in accordance with Section
10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed,
and such other senior executives/employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Administrator (each, a Covered
Executive ). 

For
the purposes of this Policy, executive officers shall include persons subject to reporting and short-swing liability provisions
of Section 16 under the Exchange Act. This shall include the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice president in charge of a principal business unit, division,
or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person
who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company and any person identified under Regulation S-K Item 401(b) in the Company s
annual reports and proxy statements. Executive officers of a parent or subsidiary are deemed executive officers of the listed company
if they perform such policy-making functions for the listed company or such parent or subsidiary. The policy-making function is not intended
to include policy-making functions that are not significant. 

Recoupment;
Accounting Restatement 

In
the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material
noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct
an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result
in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the Administrator
will require, as promptly as it reasonably can, reimbursement or forfeiture of any Incentive Compensation, as defined below, received
by any Covered Executive during the three (3) completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required
to prepare an accounting restatement (the Restatement Date ), so long as the Incentive Compensation received by such
Covered Executive is in excess of what would have been awarded or vested after giving effect to the accounting restatement. The amount
to be recovered will be the excess of Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data in the original
financial statements over the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated
results, without respect to any taxes paid. 

The
Restatement Date is defined as the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a Board committee, or management (if no Board action is required)
concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement or (ii) the date a
court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an accounting restatement. 

Incentive
Compensation 

For
purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any of the following; provided that, such compensation
is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure: 

Annual
 bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 

Stock
 options. 

Stock
 appreciation rights. 

Restricted
 stock. 

Restricted
 stock units. 

Performance
 shares. 

Performance
 units. 

Non-equity
 incentive plan awards. 

2 

Financial
reporting measures include any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing
the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in-part from such measure. The following examples
(and any measures derived therefrom) are non-exhaustive: 

Company
 stock price. 

Total
 shareholder return. 

Revenues. 

Net
 income. 

Operating
 income. 

Earnings
 before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). 

Funds
 from operations and adjusted funds from operations. 

Liquidity
 measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 

Return
 measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 

Earnings
 measures such as earnings per share. 

Profitability
 of one or more reportable segments. 

Financial
 ratios such as accounts receivable turnover. 

Cost
 per employee, where cost is subject to any accounting restatement. 

Any
 of such financial reporting measures relative to a peer group, where the Company s financial reporting measure is subject to
 an accounting restatement and tax basis income. 

Capital
 raised through debt or equity financing. 

Reductions
 in accounts receivables. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, Incentive Compensation does not include annual salary, compensation awarded based on completion of a specified
period of service, or compensation awarded based on subjective standards, strategic measures, or operational measures. 

Incentive
Compensation includes incentive-based compensation received by a person: 

after
 beginning service as an executive officer; 

who
 serves as an executive officer at any time during the performance period for the incentive-based compensation; 

who
 served as an executive officer while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; and 

3 

who
 serves as an executive officer during the three (3) fiscal years preceding the Restatement Date. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, subsequent changes in a Covered Executive s employment status, including retirement or termination of employment,
do not affect the Company s rights to recover incentive-based compensation pursuant to this Policy. 

Excess
Incentive Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The
amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over
the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined
by the Administrator. Incentive Compensation is deemed received during the fiscal period during which the financial reporting
measure specified in the incentive-based compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs
after the end of the period. 

If
the Administrator cannot determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information
in the accounting restatement, then it will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 

Method
of Recoupment 

The
Administrator will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping excess Incentive Compensation hereunder, which may include,
without limitation: 

requiring
 reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid; 

seeking
 recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards; 

offsetting
 the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

canceling
 outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or 

taking
 any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Administrator. 

No
Indemnification of Covered Executives 

The
Company shall not indemnify any current or former Covered Executive against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation,
and shall not pay, or reimburse any Covered Executive for premiums for any insurance policy to fund such executive s potential
recovery obligations. 

4 

Indemnification
of the Administrator 

Any
members of the Administrator who assist in the administration of this Policy, shall not be personally liable for any action, determination,
or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be fully indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent under applicable
law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination, or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any
other rights to indemnification of the Administrator under applicable law or Company policy. 

Interpretation 

The
Administrator is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable
for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements
of Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1, Section 811 of the NYSE American Company Guide, and any other applicable rules or standards
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then
listed. 

Effective
Date 

This
Policy shall be effective as of the date it is adopted by the Administrator (the Effective Date and shall apply
to Incentive Compensation that is approved, awarded, or granted to any Covered Executive on or after that date. 

Amendment;
Termination 

The
Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1, and Section 811 of the NYSE American
Company Guide and to comply with any other rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s
securities are then listed. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

Other
Recoupment Rights 

The
Administrator intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Administrator may require that any employment
agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant
of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this
Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant
to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies
available to the Company. 

Impracticability 

The
Administrator shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable,
as determined by the Administrator in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities
exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Successors 

This
Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or
other legal representatives. 

Exhibit
Filing Requirement 

A
copy of this Policy and any amendments thereto shall be posted on the Company s website and filed as an exhibit to the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 

5 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-21>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 

DSS,
 Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 American Pacific Bancorp 
 
 Texas 
 
 Alset
 Energy, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Alset
 Innovations, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Alset
 OpenBiz, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Alset
 Solar, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Alset
 Title Company Inc 
 
 Texas 
 
 Alset,
 Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 American
 Home REIT, Inc. 
 
 Maryland 
 
 AMRE
 Asset Management, Inc. - AAMI 
 
 Nevada 
 
 BioLife
 Sugar, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Decentralized
 Sharing Systems, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 Administrative Group, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 DSS
 Asset Management, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 DSS
 BioHealth Security, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 Biolife International, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 BioMedical International, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 Blockchain Security, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 Financial Management, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 DSS
 International, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 PureAir, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 DSS
 Secure Living, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 DSS
 Securities, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 Technology Management, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 DSS
 Wealth Management, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Gigenomics
 Solutions, Inc 
 
 Texas 
 
 Global
 BioLife, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Global
 BioMedical, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Global
 Sugar Solutions, Inc 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Happy
 Sugar, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 HWH
 World, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Impact
 BioLife Science, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Impact
 BioMedical, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Impact
 Oncology Pte 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Premier
 Packaging Corporation 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Sentinel
 Brokers LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Sentinel
 Brokers Company 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Sweet
 Sense, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 USX
 Holdings Company, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of DSS, Inc.: 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-190870) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-230740) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-235745) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-236082) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-238587) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-249857) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-252239) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-252757) 

Registration
 Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-256446) 

of
our report dated March 31, 2022, (except for the 2021 Restatement described in Note 2 and the effects thereof, as to which the date is
August 17, 2022) relating to the consolidated financial statements of DSS, Inc. and Subsidiaries, appearing in the Annual Report on Form
10-K of DSS, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021 

/s/
TURNER, STONE COMPANY, LLP 

Dallas,
Texas 

 August
17, 2022 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

RULE
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Jason Grady, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K/A of DSS, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 22, 2024 

/s/
 Jason Grady 

Jason Grady 
 Interim
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

RULE
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Todd D. Macko, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K/A of DSS, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 22, 2024 

/s/
 Todd D. Macko 

Todd
 D. Macko 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of DSS, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jason Grady, Interim Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
October 22, 2024 

/s/
 Jason Grady 

Jason Grady 

Interim
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of DSS, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd D. Macko, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
October 22, 2024 

/s/
 Todd D. Macko 

Todd
 D. Macko 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 dss-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 dss-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 dss-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 dss-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

