<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241220_10-Q_edgar_data_1890361_0001213900-24-111162.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2747969</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89822</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>710934</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>411563</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>682331</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>819486</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-111162.hdr.sgml : 20241220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220160037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-111162
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASPAC III Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001890361
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42401
		FILM NUMBER:		241567848

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 9258 9728

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 GLOUCESTER ROAD
		STREET 2:		29TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC III Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-111162.txt : 20241220

10-Q
 1
 ea0224865-10q_aspac3.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number:

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Check whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 20, 2024, Class A ordinary
shares, including Class A ordinary shares underlying the units, and Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding. 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 3 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 24 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 24 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 
 25 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 25 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 25 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 26 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 27 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts,
and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar
words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its initial public
offering filed with the SEC on November 8, 2024 (the Prospectus ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed
on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements. 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 

As of September 30, 2024 
 As of December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS: 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT: 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Shareholder s Deficit 

Preferred shares, no par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (1) (2) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholder s Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

(1) 
 Includes up to 206,250 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19, 2024, 81,250 shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on November 19, 2024. 

(2) 
 
 Shares have been retroactively restated to
reflect a share and purchase agreement. On September 3, 2021, 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares were issued to the Sponsor for 25,000.
On July 23, 2024, the Company issued 1,581,250 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for 25,000, and immediately repurchased the 1,437,500
initial shares from the Sponsor for 25,000, resulting in 1,581,250 Class B ordinary shares outstanding after the repurchase (of which
an aggregate of up to 206,250 shares were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the
underwriter) (See Note 7). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

For the three months ended September 30, 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General administrative expenses 

Loss before tax expense 

Tax expense 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) (2) 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(1) (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Class B ordinary shares 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total shareholder s 

Shares (1) (2) 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total shareholder s 

Shares (1) (2) 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

(1) (2) 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Deferred offering costs 

Accrued offering costs 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note to related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering expenses 

Deferred offering costs paid by promissory note related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units ).
Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, no par value per share, and one right to receive of one-tenth of Class A ordinary
share upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating
total gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO
and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of units (the Private
Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of , which
is described in Note 4. 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option to purchase up to an additional Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. Subsequently, on November 15,
2024, the underwriters notified the Company of their election to partially exercise the over-allotment option to purchase additional 
Units of the Company. The closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Units occurred (the Over-Allotment Option Units on November 19, 2024. The total aggregate issuance by the Company of Over-Allotment Option Units at the price of per unit
generated total gross proceeds of . On November 19, 2024, simultaneously with the closing and sale of the Over-Allotment Option
Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds
of . 

Total transaction costs amounted to 
consisting of of cash underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO and the sale of the Over-Allotment
Option Units on November 12, 2024 and November 19, 2024, respectively, fair value of the Representative Shares (as discussed
below), and of other offering costs. At the closing date of the IPO and Over-allotment Option, cash of was held outside
of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of accrued offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

In connection with the IPO and issuance and sales
of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company issued to Maxim Group LLC, Maxim ), the representative of underwriters,
an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares ). The fair value of the
Representative Shares accounted for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation ASC 718 is included in the offering costs. The estimated fair value of the Representative
Shares as of the IPO date totaled . The Representative Shares are identical to the public shares except that Maxim has agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of our initial business combination. The Representative Shares are
deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement
of sales in the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, Maxim (and its designees) has agreed (and its permitted transferees
will agree) (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account (as defined below) with respect
to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months of the closing of the IPO (or 18 months,
if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination). 

5 

per Unit) of the
net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on November 12,
2024 and November 19, 2024, were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
acting as trustee. The funds placed in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may
be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the private placement will not be released from the
Trust Account the earlier to occur of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any public
shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the
Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (defined below) or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the
public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (defined below), subject
to applicable law and as further described in the Prospectus. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the trust account. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the creditors, if
any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of
the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to complete a business combination successfully. The initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses
or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the Trust Account (defined below) (less any taxes payable
on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to the Company for taxes) at the time of signing a definitive
agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination. 

The Company will provide the public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either
(i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.
The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
The Company will provide the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion
of the initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount
in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional per unit
in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination, as described in more detail in
the IPO). 

The Company accounted for its Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity 
(ASC 480). Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) will be classified as a liability instrument and will be measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
will be classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares will be classified as shareholder s equity. In accordance
with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classified the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption
provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. As of November 19, 2024, given that the Class A ordinary shares
(inclusive of the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option) sold as part of the units in the IPO were issued
with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity
was the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable,
the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the
date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument
or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value as a charge
against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, as a charge against additional paid-in-capital over an expected 12-month
period leading up to a business combination. 

6 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The underwriters, the Sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Private Placement Shares (as defined in Note 4), Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5), Representative s Shares (as defined in Note 6) and any public shares they may hold in connection
with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to their Private Placement Shares, Founder Shares and Representative s Shares if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period). If the Company submits the initial Business Combination to the public shareholders for a vote, the underwriters, the Sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into
with the Company, to vote any Private Placement Shares, Founder Shares and Representative s Shares held by them and any public shares
purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a
prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the Trust Account to below (i) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company has not independently
verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets
are securities of the Company. The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

7 

. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowed under the promissory note, which
is due as demanded. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded
company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. 

The Company initially has until November 12, 2025
to consummate the initial Business Combination (assume no extensions). There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate
a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the
Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company.
Notwithstanding management s belief that the Company would have sufficient funds to execute its business strategy, there is a possibility
that business combination might not happen within the 12-month period from the date of the auditors report. Management has determined
that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management believes that it would be prudent to include in
its disclosure language about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the
Business Combination or the date the Company is required to liquidate. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 12, 2025 (assume no extensions). 

Risks and Uncertainties 

In February 2022, an armed conflict escalated
between Russia and Ukraine. The sanctions announced by the United States and other countries against Russia and Belarus following Russia s
invasion of Ukraine to date include restrictions on selling or importing goods, services, or technology in or from affected regions and
travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business, and financial organizations in Russia
and Belarus. The United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate.
Separately, in October 2023, Israel and certain Iranian-backed Palestinian forces began an armed conflict in Israel, the Gaza Strip, and
surrounding areas, which threatens to spread to other Middle Eastern countries including Lebanon and Iran. 

As a result of the ongoing Russia/Ukraine, Hamas/Israel
conflicts and/or other future global conflicts, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of
a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition,
the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be
impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and potential future sanctions on the world
economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or ability to consummate a Business Combination
are not yet determinable. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

8 

9 

and nil , respectively. 

Class A ordinary
shares sold as part of the Company s IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Units), the initial carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20.
The Company s Class A ordinary shares is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable,
the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the
date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument
or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value in additional
paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period, which is the initial
period that the Company has to complete a Business Combination. 

. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

10 

ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is
not exercised by the underwriter. As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19,
2024, shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on November 19, 2024 (see Note 5 and Note 7). At September
30, 2024, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into
ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share
for the period presented. 

11 

Units, at a price of per Unit
generating gross proceeds of . The Company will not issue fractional shares upon
conversion of the rights, as disclosed in Note 7. 

private placement units at a price of per unit for an aggregate purchase price of .
On November 19, 2024, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an
additional private Units, generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Placement Unit was identical to the units sold in the
IPO, except as described below. 

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units, shares underlying the Private Placement
Units Private Placement Shares or the rights included in the Private Placement Units Private Placement Rights ).
The Private Placement Rights will expire worthless if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the allotted 12-month
period (or up to 18 months from the completion of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
by two extensions of three months each ). 

The Private Placement Units, Private Placement
Shares, Private Placement Rights and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such rights will not be transferable, assignable or salable
by the Sponsor until thirty (30) days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, except to permitted transferees. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate of
 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares with par value. Founder Shares have been retroactively restated
to reflect a share subscription and purchase agreement. On July 23, 2024, the Company issued Founder Shares to the Sponsor for
 , and immediately repurchased the initial shares from the Sponsor for , resulting in Founder Shares
outstanding after the repurchase, of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option
is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter. As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on November 19, 2024, shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration. 

12 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights
issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day after the
initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up
to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and shall be payable
promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an IPO of its securities or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct
an initial public offering of its securities. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not
held in the Trust Account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowed and under the promissory
note, respectively. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes the initial Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private
Placement Units issued to our sponsor. The terms of Working Capital Loans by the Company s officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Extension Loan 

The Company will have until 12 months from the
closing of the IPO to consummate an initial Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate
the initial Business Combination within 12 months, it may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination). Pursuant to the terms of the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company on November 8, 2024, in order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination,
the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon two days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust
Account , or up to if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per share in either case)
on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of (or 
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or per share if the Company extends for the full six months).
Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan (the Extension Loans ). Any such loans will be non-interest bearing
and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, the Company will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with the initial shareholder contains a provision
pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the Trust Account in
the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to
fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination. 

13 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights
issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing
after the initial business combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction after the completion of the initial business combination that results in all of the Company s public
shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of
the private placement units, including the component securities therein, until the completion of the initial business combination. Notwithstanding
the above, the shares issued to the underwriters in the IPO will be further subject to the limitations on registration requirements imposed
by FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Right of First Refusal 

For a period beginning on the closing of the IPO
and ending 12 months from the closing of a Business Combination, the Company has granted the underwriter a right of first refusal
to act as sole underwriter, sole book-running manager and sole placement agent for any and all future private or public equity, equity-linked,
convertible and debt offerings during such 12 months from the closing of a Business Combination of the Company, or any successor to or
any subsidiary of the Company. For the sake of clarity, this right of refusal shall encompass the time period leading up to the closing
of the Business Combination while the Company is still a special purpose acquisition company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in event
that a target company in connection with a Business Combination sources a private placement of public equity (a PIPE ),
the aforementioned right of refusal reference shall not apply in such a limited instance. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A),
such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the commencement of sales in the IPO. 

Underwriter Agreement 

The underwriter has a -day option from
the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On November 19, 2024, the underwriter
partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The underwriter was paid for the underwriter s
discount, upon the closing of the IPO and the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units. Additionally, the underwriter was entitled and
received Representative Shares that were registered in the IPO, for no consideration, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option, an additional Representative Shares
were issued to the underwriter. The underwriter has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the
initial Business Combination. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (and its permitted transferees will agree) (i) to waive its
redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and
(ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to
complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in
the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). 

14 

preferred shares with no par value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were no shares of preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares with no par value. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were no shares of Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares with no par
value . On September 3, 2021, Class B
ordinary shares were issued to the Sponsor for . On July 23, 2024, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the
Sponsor for , and immediately repurchased the initial shares from the Sponsor for , resulting in Class
B ordinary shares outstanding after the repurchase (of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter). The Class B ordinary shares have been retroactively restated to reflect
a share subscription and purchase agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Founder Shares issued
and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture if the underwriters over-allotment is
not exercised. As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19, 2024, shares
of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution right, share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein and in the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts sold in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which the
Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the
issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or
deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will
equal, in the aggregate, of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, including pursuant to
the Over-Allotment Option, plus all Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued, or issuable upon the conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with or in relation to the initial Business Combination, excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent
securities issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company. 

Prior to the initial Business Combination, only
holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of at least a majority of the ordinary shares who are eligible to
vote and attend and vote in a general meeting of the shareholders. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders,
including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, except as required by law, holders of the Founder Shares and holders
of the public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

15 

16 

, or up to if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per share in either case) on
or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of (or if
the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or per share if the Company extends for the full six months).
Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. 

On November 12, 2024, Company consummated the
IPO of Units. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one Right to receive one-tenth of Class A ordinary share
upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at a price of per unit, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of . Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the
Private Placement of units at a price of per unit, generating total proceeds of . 

On November 15, 2024, the underwriters notified
the Company of their election to partially exercise their over-allotment option. 

On November 19, 2024, the closing of the issuance
and sale of Over-Allotment Option Units occurred at the price of per unit generated total gross proceeds of .
Simultaneously with the closing and sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional
 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

On November 19, 2024, the underwriters canceled
the remainder of the over-allotment option. In connection with the cancellation of the remainder of the over-allotment option, the Company
canceled an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares issued to the Sponsor prior to the IPO. 

On November 19, 2024, in connection with the issuance
and sales of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company issued an additional Class A ordinary shares to the underwriters. 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to ASPC , our , we, us or the Company refer to A SPAC
III Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to A SPAC III (Holdings) Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the interim condensed financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that
are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected
and projected. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek, should, could, would, plan, continue, 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available
and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to
the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering and in our other filings filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section
of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention
or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands on September 3, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO and the private placement of the private placement units,
the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial business combination, our shares, debt or a combination of cash,
stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

18 

Recent Developments 

On November 12, 2024, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering and sold 5,500,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one Right to receive one-tenth
of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 55,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an aggregate 280,000 Private Placement
Units. 

Subsequently, on November 15, 2024,
the underwriters notified the Company of their election to partially exercise their over-allotment option. The closing of the issuance
and sale of the additional Units occurred (the Over-Allotment Option Units on November 19, 2024. The total aggregate issuance
by the Company of 500,000 Over-Allotment Option Units at the price of 10.00 per unit generated total gross proceeds of 5,000,000. On
November 19, 2024, simultaneously with the closing and sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale
of an additional 5,000 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 50,000. 

In connection with the IPO and issuance
and sales of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company issued to Maxim Group LLC, Maxim ), the representative of underwriters,
an aggregate of 270,000 Class A ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares ). 

Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Private Placement, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, a total of 60,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account established
for the benefit of our public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting
as trustee. Cash of 1,888,753 was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the payment of accrued offering costs and for
working capital purposes. 

Total transaction costs amounted to 1,600,217
consisting of 600,000 of cash underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO and the sale of the Over-Allotment
Option Units on November 12, 2024 and November 19, 2024, respectively, 675,000 fair value of the Representative Shares, and 325,217
of other offering costs. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from September 3, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare, and consummate, for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. 

We expect to generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We expect that we will incur expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection
with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net
loss of 38,778 and 46,778, all of which consisted of formation and operating expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we did not
incur any expenses. 

19 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the
closing of IPO were satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering
costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 244,603 (see Note 5). As previously disclosed on a Current
Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2024, on November 12, 2024, the Company consummated the IPO of 5,500,000 units (the Units ).
Each Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share Public Share and one right Public Right to receive one-tenth
of one ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of 55,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 825,000 additional
Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Option ), if any. The underwriters notified their partial exercise of
the Over-Allotment Option on November 15, 2024, and closed the Over-Allotment Option on November 19, 2024. 

As previously disclosed on a Current Report on
Form 8-K dated November 8, 2024, on November 12, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private
placement Private Placement with A SPAC III (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of 280,000 private placement
units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,800,000.
On November 19, 2024, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an
additional 5,000 private Units, generating gross proceeds of 50,000. The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. The Private Placement Units are identical to
the units sold in this offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) they will not be
redeemable by us, and (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the private placement rights) may not,
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until the completion of our initial business combination. 

As of November 19, 2024, a total of 60,000,000 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders (the Trust Account ). We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our
Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business
Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety
of ways and could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of
our Business Combination or to indemnify any of our officers or directors as required by law if the funds available to us outside of the
Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior to completion of the IPO through
receipt of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares to our sponsor and up to 350,000 in loans from our sponsor under an unsecured
promissory note. As September 30, 2024, 244,603 remain outstanding under the promissory note with our Sponsor. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had no cash
available for working capital needs. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, structure, negotiate and consummate a Business Combination. 

20 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our
officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such
repayment. Up to 1,150,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of
the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units issued to our sponsor. The terms of such loans by our officers
and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans
from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds
and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination,
if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation
of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through
the Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination 12
months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination by the full amount of time), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and
thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

21 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Units, shares being issued to the underwriters of the IPO, and units that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital Loans (and in
each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the
Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriter
may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, after the
effective date of the IPO and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. However, the registration rights agreement
provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination
of the applicable Lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, on the earlier of (A) six months after the completion
of the initial business combination or (B) subsequent to the initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after
the completion of the initial business combination that results in all of the Company s public shareholders having the right to
exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement units, including
the component securities therein, until the completion of the initial business combination. Notwithstanding the above, the shares to be
issued to the underwriters in the IPO will be further subject to the limitations on registration requirements imposed by FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

Pursuant to the underwriting agreement entered
into on November 8, 2024, we have agreed and have issued to Maxim Partners LLC and/or its designees Maxim ), 247,500 Class
A ordinary shares (or 284,625 Class A ordinary shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the Representative Shares at the closing of the IPO. As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option on November 15, 2024,
an additional 22,500 Representative Shares were issued to the underwriter. Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative
Shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (and its permitted transferees
will agree) (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such Representative Shares in connection with the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Representative
Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The underwriter was paid 600,000 for the underwriting
commissions (including for the partial exercise of over-allotment option). Additionally, the Company issued to the underwriter an aggregate
of 270,000 Class A ordinary shares including 22,500 shares as a result of partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option
at the closing of the IPO, for no consideration, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriter has agreed not to
transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in
the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period
of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the IPO, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the IPO except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating
in the IPO and their officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates. 

22 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the
periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

The Company accounts for Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if
any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary
shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares
is classified as stockholders equity. The Class A ordinary shares features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. In accordance with the SEC and its guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a
company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the 6,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares sold as part of the Company s IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Units), the initial carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20.
The Company s Class A ordinary shares is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable,
the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the
date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument
or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value in additional
paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period, which is the initial
period that the Company has to complete a Business Combination 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of
ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs consist of underwriting, legal,
accounting, registration and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the IPO. The Company
complies with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offering .
Offering costs are allocated between public shares and public rights based on the estimated fair values of public shares and public rights
at the date of issuance. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment information.
ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information
within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. Our management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09
will have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

23 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management evaluated, with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable
assurance level. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that
has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As smaller reporting company we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item . 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

The registration statement (the Registration
Statement for our IPO was declared effective on November 8, 2024. As previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K dated
November 8, 2024, on November 12, 2024, A SPAC III Acquisition Corp. (the Company consummated the IPO of 5,500,000 units
(the Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share Public Share and one right Public
Right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were
sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 55,000,000. 

As previously disclosed on a Current Report on
Form 8-K dated November 8, 2024, on November 12, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private
placement Private Placement with A SPAC III (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of 280,000 private placement
units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,800,000.
The Private Placement Units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, and (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of the private placement rights) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until
the completion of our initial business combination. 

On November 15, 2024, the underwriters notified
the Company of its partial exercise of their over-allotment option. The closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Units (the
 Over-Allotment Option Units occurred on November 19, 2024. The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 500,000 Over-Allotment
Option Units at a price of 10.00 per unit generated total gross proceeds of 5,000,000. On November 19, 2024, simultaneously with the
sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 5,000 Private Placement Units
to the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of 50,000. 

On November 19, 2024, an additional 5,000,000 10.00 per Unit) consisting
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, less the underwriters discount of 0.10 per Over-Allotment
Option Unit 50,000), and the gross proceeds from the sale of the additional private placement units 50,000) was placed in the Trust
Account, resulting in a total of 60,000,000 held in the Trust Account. 

As of November 19, 2024, a total of 60,000,000 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company acting as trustee. The funds placed in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the private placement will not be
released from the Trust Account the earlier to occur of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the public
shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (defined below) or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the redemption
of all of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (defined
below), subject to applicable law and as further described in the Prospectus. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have
any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims
of the creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 

Total transaction costs amounted to 1,600,217
consisting of 600,000 of cash underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO and the sale of the Over-Allotment
Option Units on November 12, 2024 and November 19, 2024, respectively, 675,000 fair value of the Representative Shares, and 325,217
of other offering costs. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

25 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement,
 dated November 8, 2024, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC.(1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum
 and Articles of Association.(1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated
 November 8, 2024, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated
 November 8, 2024, by and between the Company s officers, directors, shareholders, A SPAC III (Holdings) Corp., and Maxim. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust
 Agreement, dated November 8, 2024, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 A Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated November 8, 2024, by and among the Company, A SPAC III (Holdings) Corp., and Maxim. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 A Private Placement Unit
 Subscription Agreement, dated November 8, 2024, by and between the Company and A SPAC III (Holdings) Corp. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated
 8, 2024 by and between the Company, the Sponsor and the officers and directors of the Company. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant
 to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant
 to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

A SPAC III ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: December 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Claudius Tsang 

Name: 
 Claudius Tsang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022486501ex31-1_aspac3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudius Tsang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of A SPAC III Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 20, 2024 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea022486501ex32-1_aspac3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of A SPAC
III Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Claudius Tsang, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
December 20, 2024 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Account Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 ascb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 ascb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 ascb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 ascb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ascb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

