<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241213_10-Q_edgar_data_1157075_0001683168-24-008709.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4973697</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104120</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1020722</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1103527</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1265716</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1370348</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008709.hdr.sgml : 20241213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241213160121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008709
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001157075
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				621772151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40699
		FILM NUMBER:		241548260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23046 AVENIDA DE LA CARLOTA, SUITE 600
		CITY:			LAGUNA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92653
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(917) 595.2850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23046 AVENIDA DE LA CARLOTA, SUITE 600
		CITY:			LAGUNA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92653

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUVILEX, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EFOODSAFETY COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008709.txt : 20241213

10-Q
 1
 pharmacyte_i10q-103124.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR OCTOBER 2024

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , ,

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 9, 2024, the registrant had 
outstanding shares of common stock, with a par value of 0.0001 per share. 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

 FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31,
2024 

Page 

PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended October 31, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 8 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 

PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 38 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 39 

Signatures 
 40 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Information. 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

October
 31, 2024 
 April
 30, 2024 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Intangible asset 

Investment in preferred stock TNF 

Convertible note receivable Femasys 

Warrant asset Femasys 

Other asset 

Total other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued Series B convertible preferred stock redemption
 and dividends 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities: 

Warrant liability 

Derivative liability 

Total other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 6 and 8) 

Convertible Preferred Stock: 

Series B convertible preferred stock: authorized shares, 
 par value and face value, and shares issued and outstanding excluding and shares subject to redemption
 as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively. Liquidation preference of and , as of October 31, 2024 and
 April 30, 2024, respectively 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, authorized 

Series A preferred stock: authorized share, par value and shares issued and outstanding
 as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024 

Common stock: authorized shares, par value; shares issued , shares
 outstanding as of October 31, 2024, and shares issued , shares outstanding as of April 30, 2024 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of October
 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total Liabilities, Convertible
 Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

3 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended October 31, 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development costs 

Compensation expense 

Director fees 

Legal and professional 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of convertible note receivable 

Change in fair value of warrant asset - Femasys 

Change in fair value of investment - TNF 

Gain on related party investment - TNF 

Other expense 

Total other income, net 

Net income (loss) 

Preferred stock dividends 

Preferred stock accretion 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per
 share attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

4 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended October 31, 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

5 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31,
2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

Stock issued for warrant exercise 

Accrued preferred stock dividends 

Preferred stock accretion 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Repurchase of common stock 

Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock, net of discounts and issuance costs of 

Balance, July 31, 2023 

Series B preferred stock subject to redemption 

Series B preferred stock dividends 

Preferred stock accretion 

Repurchase of common stock 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net income 

Balance, October 31, 2023 

(continued) 

6 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance, April 30, 2024 

Stock-based compensation options 

Preferred stock accretion 

Series B preferred stock redemption 

Series B preferred stock subject to redemption 

Preferred stock dividends 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net income 

Repurchase of common stock 

Balance, July 31, 2024 

Fractional shares adjustment 

Stock-based compensation options 

Preferred stock accretion 

Series B preferred stock redemption 

Series B preferred stock subject to redemption 

Preferred stock dividends 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Repurchase of common stock 

Balance, October 31, 2024 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

7 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on related party investment TNF 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of convertible note receivable 

Change in fair value of warrant asset Femasys 

Change in fair value of investment TNF 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment in preferred stock and warrants 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repurchase of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Redemption of preferred stock 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of currency rate exchange on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information: 

Cash paid during the periods for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information: 

Non-cash derivative liability at initial fair value 

Non-cash warrant liability at initial fair value 

Reclassification of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and dividends to current liability 

Accretion of discounts to redemption value of Series B Preferred Stock 

Excise tax accrued on repurchase of common stock 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

8 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

The Company has been developing therapies for
pancreatic and other solid cancerous tumors by using genetically engineered live human cells that it believes are capable of converting
a cancer prodrug into its cancer-killing form. The Company encapsulates those cells using the Cell-in-a-Box technology
and places those capsules in the body as close as possible to the tumor. In this way, the Company believes that when a cancer prodrug
is administered to a patient with a particular type of cancer that may be affected by the prodrug, the killing of the patient s
cancerous tumor may be optimized. 

Until the review by the Business Review Committee
and the Board is complete and the Board has determined the actions and plans to be implemented, spending on the Company s programs
has been curtailed. 

Investigational New Drug Application and
Clinical Hold 

On September 1, 2020, the Company submitted an
IND to the FDA for a planned clinical trial in LAPC. On October 1, 2020, the Company received notice from the FDA that it had placed the
Company s IND on clinical hold. On October 30, 2020, the FDA sent the Company a letter setting forth the reasons for the clinical
hold and providing specific guidance on what the Company must do to have the clinical hold lifted. 

In order to address the clinical hold, the FDA requested that the Company: 

Provide additional sequencing data and genetic stability studies; 

Conduct a stability study on the Company s final formulated product candidate as well as the cells from the Company s Master Cell Bank; 

Evaluate the compatibility of the delivery devices (the prefilled syringe and the microcatheter used to implant the CypCaps with the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional detailed description of the manufacturing process of the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional product release specifications for the Company s encapsulated cells; 

Demonstrate comparability between the 1 st and 2 nd generation of the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer and ensure adequate and consistent product performance and safety between the two generations; 

Conduct a biocompatibility assessment using the Company s capsules material; 

Address specified insufficiencies in the Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls information in the cross-referenced Drug Master File; 

Conduct an additional nonclinical study in a large animal (such as a pig) to assess the safety, activity, and distribution of the product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Revise the Investigators Brochure to include any additional preclinical studies conducted in response to the clinical hold and remove any statements not supported by the data the Company generated. 

The FDA also requested that the Company address
the following issues as an amendment to the Company s IND: 

Provide a Certificate of Analysis for pc3/2B1 plasmid that includes tests for assessing purity, safety, and potency; 

Perform qualification studies for the drug filling step to ensure that the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer remains sterile and stable during the filling process; 

Submit an updated batch analysis for the Company s product candidate for the specific lot that will be used for manufacturing all future product candidates; 

Provide additional details for the methodology for the Resorufin (CYP2B1) potency and the PrestoBlue cell metabolic assays; 

Provide a few examples of common microcatheters that fit the specifications in the Company s Angiography Procedure Manual; 

Clarify the language in our Pharmacy Manual regarding proper use of the syringe fill with the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Provide a discussion with data for trial of the potential for cellular and humoral immune reactivity against the heterologous rat CYP2B1 protein and potential for induction of autoimmune-mediated toxicities in our study population. 

The Company assembled a scientific and regulatory
team of experts to address the FDA requests. That team has been working diligently to complete the items requested by the FDA. 

, convertible into shares of Femasys common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Femasys
Shares at a conversion price of per share, (ii) Series A Warrants (the Series A Warrants to purchase up to
an aggregate of Femasys Shares at an exercise price of 1.18 per share, and (iii) Series B Warrants (the Series B Warrants ,
together with the Series A Warrants, the Femasys Warrants, and, together with the Notes, the Femasys Securities to purchase up to an aggregate of 4,237,288 Femasys Shares at an exercise price of 1.475 per share (collectively, the Investment ).
The Femasys Notes accrue interest at 6.0 per annum, payable annually, and mature two years after the date of issuance. The Femasys Warrants
expire five years from the date of issuance. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Femasys Purchase
Agreement, the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer was appointed to the Femasys board of directors. 

The convertible note receivable is not traded
in active markets and the fair value was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. The convertible note receivable is accounted for as
available-for-sale debt securities based on Level 3 inputs, which consist of unobservable inputs and reflect management s
estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The Company elected the fair value option for the Femasys
Notes, therefore, holding gains and losses are included within change in fair value of the notes in the condensed consolidated statement
of operations. The Femasys Warrants are accounted for as an equity security and are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on Level
3 inputs, which consist of unobservable inputs and reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset, recorded at fair value with subsequent changes included within change in fair value of the warrants in
the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

The Company recognized the Femasys Note and Femasys
Warrants based on their respective fair values on the issuance date of and , respectively. Subsequent changes in
the fair value of the Femasys Note and Femasys Warrants will be recognized in earnings, at each reporting date. During the three and six
months ended October 31, 2024, the Company recognized a gain for change in fair value of the convertible note receivable of and
 , respectively, and a gain for change in fair value of the warrant asset of and a loss of , respectively, for
the three and six months ended October 31, 2024. See Note 12 Fair value Measurements for further information. 

Below is a summary of activity for the Note and
Warrants as of October 31, 2024: 

Purchased 

Change in fair value 

Balance of Notes as of October 31, 2024 

Balance of Warrants as of May 1, 2024 

Purchased 

Change in fair value 

Balance of Warrants as of October 31, 2024 

Director fees 

R D costs 

Excise tax on stock repurchases 

Total 

shares available under this plan. The 2022 Equity Plan can
issue various types of awards, as follows: stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and cash
or other stock-based awards. The 2022 Equity Plan is available to be issued to employees, directors, consultants, and other individuals
who provide services to the Company. An incentive stock options ISOs can only be granted to employees and shall not exceed
10-years (5-years in the case of ISOs granted to any 10 shareholder). 

Stock Options 

As of October 31, 2024, the Company had 
outstanding stock options to its directors and officers (collectively, Employee Options and consultants Non-Employee
Options ). 

During the six months ended October 31, 2024,
and 2023, the Company granted Employee Options. 

During the six months ended October 31, 2024 and
2023, the Company granted Non-Employee Options. 

A summary of the Company s stock option
activity and related information for the six months ended October 31, 2024, are shown below: 

Issued 

Expired 

Outstanding, October 31, 2024 

Exercisable, October 31, 2024 

Vested and expected to vest 

A summary of the activity for unvested stock options
during the six months ended October 31, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested, October 31, 2024 

The Company recorded and of
stock-based compensation related to the issuance of Employee Options to certain officers and directors in exchange for services during
the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, respectively.
At October 31, 2024, there remained of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Employee Options granted to officers
and directors. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options
as of October 31, 2024 was . This represents options with exercise prices less than the 1.81 per share closing price of the Company s
common stock on October 31, 2024. 

Warrants 

Pursuant to the Private Placement (as defined
below), the Company issued investors Warrants (as defined below) to purchase shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price
of per share (subject to adjustment), for a period of five years from the date of issuance. For more information on the Private
Placement, see Note 12 Preferred Stock . 

The Warrants were determined to be within the
scope of ASC 480-10 as they are puttable to the Company at Holders election upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction (as
defined in the agreements). As such, the Company recorded the Warrants as a liability at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value
recognized in earnings. The Company utilized the Black-Scholes-Merton Model to calculate the value of the Warrants issued on May 10, 2023.
The fair value of the Warrants of approximately was estimated at the date of issuance using the fair value of our common stock
of 2.74 on the issuance date and was based on the following weighted average assumptions: dividend yield 0 ; expected term of 5.0 years;
equity volatility of 80.0 ; and a risk-free interest rate of 3.37 . 

Transaction costs incurred attributable to the
issuance of the Warrants of approximately were immediately expensed in accordance with ASC 480 and is included in general and
administrative expense in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

During the three and six months ended October
31, 2024, the Company recorded a gain of approximately and , respectively, related to the change in fair value of
the warrant liability which is recorded in other income (expense) on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value
of the Warrants of was estimated at October 31, 2024, utilizing the Black-Scholes-Merton Model using the fair value of our
common stock of 1.81 and the following weighted average assumptions: dividend yield 0 ; remaining term of 3.53 years; equity volatility
of 85.0 ; and a risk-free interest rate of 4.05 . 

A summary of the Company s warrant activity
and related information for the six months ended October 31, 2024, are shown below: 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding, October 31, 2024 

Exercisable, October 31, 2024 

of the equity in SG Austria
which is presented using the alternative allowed under ASC 321 - Investments Equity Securities with no readily determinable values.
SG Austria has two subsidiaries: (i) Austrianova; and (ii) Austrianova Thailand. The Company purchased products and services from these
subsidiaries in the approximate amounts of in the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The investment
in SG Austria was fully impaired as of April 30, 2024. 

In April 2014, the Company entered the Vin-de-Bona
Consulting Agreement pursuant to which it agreed to provide professional consulting services to the Company. Vin-de-Bona is owned by Prof.
G nzburg and Dr. Salmons, both of whom are involved in numerous aspects of the Company s scientific endeavors relating to cancer
(Prof. G nzburg is the Chairman of Austrianova, and Dr. Salmons is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Austrianova). The
term of the agreement is for 12 months and is automatically renewable for successive 12-month terms. After the initial term, either party
can terminate the agreement by giving the other party 30 days written notice before the effective date of termination. To date,
the agreement has been automatically renewed annually. The amounts incurred for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, were
approximately and and , respectively, and for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. 

The Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer was appointed to
the Femasys board of directors, see Note 3. 

The Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer serves on the board
of directors of TNF, see Note 13. 

and , respectively and for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023 were
 and , respectively. 

With the month-to-month office rental agreements
there are no aggregate future minimum lease payments required to be made. 

Service Agreements 

The Company has entered into several service agreements
with independent and related parties pursuant to which services will be provided over a specified period-of-time related to the IND which
the FDA has placed on clinical hold. The services include regulatory affairs strategy, advice and follow up work on the IND and services
related to having the clinical hold lifted. The total cost is estimated to be approximately 212,000, of which the related party (SG Austria
and its subsidiaries) portion will be approximately 157,000. These amounts take into account some of the costs associated with the work
and preclinical studies required to lift the clinical hold. 

Less: Accretion of discounts to redemption of Series B convertible preferred stock 

Less: Series B convertible preferred stock dividends 

Less: Allocation of undistributed income to Series B convertible preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding used in basic and diluted earnings per share 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 

Earnings per share 

Net income (loss) 

Less: Accretion of discounts to redemption of Series B convertible preferred stock 

Less: Series B convertible preferred stock dividends 

Less: Allocation of undistributed income to Series B convertible preferred stock 

Undistributed income (loss) available to common stockholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding used in basic earnings per share 

Net income (loss) per share basic and diluted 

The table below sets forth the potentially dilutive securities excluded
from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding as they would be anti-dilutive: 

Excluded warrants 

Total excluded options and warrants 

shares of
preferred stock, with a par value of , of which shares have been designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 
As of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, there were and shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively.
As of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, there were and amounts subject to redemption, respectively. 

On May 10, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors (the Investors ), pursuant to
which it agreed to sell to the Investors (i) an aggregate of 35,000 shares of the Company s newly-designated Series B convertible
preferred stock with a stated value of 1,000 per share, initially convertible into up to 8,750,000 shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share at a conversion price of 4.00 per share (the Preferred Shares ), and (ii) warrants to
acquire up to an aggregate of 8,750,000 shares of common stock (the Warrants (collectively, the Private Placement ). 

The terms of the Preferred Shares are as set forth
in a Certificate of Designations (the Certificate of Designations ), which was filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada
on May 10, 2023. The Preferred Shares are convertible into common stock (the Conversion Shares at the election of the holder
at any time at an initial conversion price of 4.00 (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion Price is subject to customary
adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like, and subject to price-based adjustment in the event of any
issuances of common stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for common stock, at a price below the then-applicable
Conversion Price (subject to certain exceptions). The Company is required to settle the Preferred Shares in equal monthly installments,
commencing on November 9, 2023. The amortization payments due upon such redemption are payable, at the Company s election, in cash,
or subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock valued at the lower of (i) the Conversion Price then in effect and (ii) the
greater of (A) a 20 discount to the average of the three lowest closing prices of the Company s common stock during the thirty
trading day period immediately prior to the date the amortization payment is due or (B) the lower of 0.556 and 20 of the Minimum Price
(as defined in Rule 5635 of the Rule of the Nasdaq Stock Market) on the date of receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval (as defined below);
provided that if the amount set forth in clause B is the lowest effective price, the Company will be required to pay the amortization
payment in cash. The Company may require holders to convert their Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares if the closing price of the
common stock exceeds 6.00 per share for 20 consecutive trading days and the daily trading volume of the common stock exceeds 1,000,000
shares per day during the same period and certain equity conditions described in the Certificate of Designations are satisfied. 

The holders of the Preferred Shares are entitled
to dividends of 4 per annum, compounded monthly, which are payable in cash or shares of common stock at the Company s option, in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Triggering Event (as
defined in the Certificate of Designations), the Preferred Shares will accrue dividends at the rate of 15 per annum. The holders of Preferred
Shares have no voting rights on account of the Preferred Shares, other than with respect to certain matters affecting the rights of the
Preferred Shares. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s
ability to settle conversions and make amortization payments using shares of common stock is subject to certain limitations set forth
in the Certificate of Designations, including a limit on the number of shares that may be issued until the time, if any, that the Company s
stockholders have approved the issuance of more than 19.9 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock in accordance with
Nasdaq listing standards (the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval ). The Company received Nasdaq Stockholder Approval at its special
meeting of stockholders held on August 31, 2023. Further, the Certificate of Designations contains a certain beneficial ownership limitation
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of, or as part of any amortization payment under,
the Certificate of Designations or Warrants. 

The Certificate of Designations includes certain
Triggering Events (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), including, among other things, the failure to file and maintain an
effective registration statement covering the sale of the holder s securities registrable pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into by the Company and the Investors simultaneously with the Purchase Agreement and the Company s failure to pay any amounts
due to the holders of the Preferred Shares when due. In connection with a Triggering Event, each holder of Preferred Shares will be able
to require the Company to redeem in cash any or all of the holder s Preferred Shares at a premium set forth in the Certificate of
Designations. 

The Preferred Shares were determined to be more
akin to a debt-like host than an equity-like host. The Company identified the following embedded features that are not clearly and closely
related to the debt host instrument: 1) an installment redemption upon an Equity Conditions Failure (as defined in the Certificate of
Designation), and 2) variable share-settled installment conversion. These features were bundled together, assigned probabilities of being
affected and measured at fair value. Subsequent changes in the fair value of these features are recognized in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations. The Company estimated the 2,770,000 fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivative at issuance using a Monte
Carlo simulation model, with the following inputs: the fair value of the Company s common stock of 2.74 on the issuance date, estimated
equity volatility of 55.0 , estimated traded volume volatility of 355.0 , the time to maturity of 1.50 years, a discounted market interest
rate of 15.9 , a risk free rate of 4.3 , dividend rate of 4.0 , a penalty dividend rate of 15.0 , and probability of default of 27.0 .
The fair value of the bifurcated derivative liability was estimated utilizing the with and without method which uses the probability weighted
difference between the scenarios with the derivative and the plain vanilla maturity scenario without a derivative. 

During the three and six months ended
October 31, 2024, the Company recorded a gain of approximately and ,
respectively, related to the change in fair value of the derivative liability, which is recorded in other income, net on the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company estimated 
fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivative at October 31, 2024 as there were 
outstanding Preferred Shares at October 31, 2024. 

During the three and six months ended
October 31, 2024, the Company made all installment payments in cash pursuant to installment redemptions. The installment redemptions
were paid in cash in the amounts of and ,
respectively, which includes and 
of the Preferred Shares, respectively, and 
of accrued dividends, respectively, and and 
of additional 6 cash premium, respectively, pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred stock. During the three and six months
ended October 31, 2024, the Company made all installment payments in cash pursuant to installment redemptions and accreted
 and ,
respectively, of discount related to the Preferred Shares. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, the Company
recognized a deemed dividend of and ,
respectively, related to the amounts owed in addition to dividends if installments are paid in cash which is included in Preferred
stock dividends on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

As of October 31, 2024, the Company has reclassified
a portion of the Preferred Shares to an accrued liability for the final (thirteenth) installment redemptions owed to investors in cash
of which includes of the stated value of the Preferred Shares, of dividends payable, and of additional
6 cash premium pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred stock. 

The Company has one share of preferred stock designated
as Series A Preferred Stock as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, there were no shares of Series A Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding. 

The description of the Series A Preferred Stock
below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has the following
features: 

There is one share of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock; 

The Series A Preferred Stock has a number of votes at any time equal to the number of votes then held by all other shareholders of the Company having a right to vote on any matter plus one. The Certificate of Designations that designated the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock cannot be amended without the consent of the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock; 

The Company may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at any time for a redemption price of 1.00 paid to the holder of the share of Series A Preferred Stock; and 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no rights of transfer, conversion, dividends, preferences upon liquidation or participation in any distributions to shareholders. 

million. In January 2023, the Board authorized an additional share repurchase
program to acquire up to an additional 10 million of the Company s outstanding common stock. In conjunction with the share repurchase
programs, the Company selected a broker to repurchase shares on behalf of the Company. The amount of common stock repurchased on any given
trading day is determined by a formula, which is based on the market price of the common stock and average daily volumes. Shares repurchased
are held in treasury for general corporate purposes. The shares are treated as Treasury Stock using the cost method. During the three
and six months ended October 31, 2024, the Company repurchased and additional shares, respectively, under the repurchase
program at a total cost, including commissions and excise taxes of and , respectively. As of October 31, 2024, the
total number of shares repurchased pursuant to the repurchase programs was shares at a total cost, including commissions and
excise taxes of . Repurchased shares are included in Treasury Stock in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
At October 31, 2024, remains available to repurchase the Company s common stock pursuant to the share repurchase programs. 

Tender Offer 

On May 11, 2023, the Company commenced a tender
offer, in accordance with Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to purchase up to 7,750,000 shares
of its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, at a price of 3.25 per share. The tender offer expired one minute after 11:59 p.m.
on June 9, 2023, and following such expiration the Company accepted for purchase a total of shares at 3.25 per share, including
335,879 shares that the Company elected to purchase pursuant to its right to purchase up to an additional 2 of its outstanding shares.
The resultant aggregate purchase price was , including excise tax, fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. These shares
are treated as Treasury Stock using the cost method and are included as Treasury Stock in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity. 

As of October 31, 2024, the total number of shares
held in Treasury Stock is shares at a total cost of . 

Bifurcated embedded derivative 
 3 

The following table sets forth a summary of the
change in the fair value of the warrant liability that is measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Issuance of warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Balance on October 31, 2024 

Six Months Ended 

October 31, 2024 
 
 Balance on April 30, 2024 

Issuance of warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Balance on October 31, 2024 

The following table sets forth a summary of the
change in the fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivative liability that is measured on a recurring basis: 

Issuance of convertible preferred stock with bifurcated embedded derivative liability 

Change in fair value of bifurcated embedded derivative 

Balance on October 31, 2024 

Six Months Ended 

October 31, 2024 
 
 Balance on April 30, 2024 

Issuance of convertible preferred stock with bifurcated embedded derivative liability 

Change in fair value of bifurcated embedded derivative 

Balance on October 31, 2024 

The fair value of the convertible note receivable
using the income approach, which uses as inputs the fair value of debtor s common stock and estimates for the equity volatility
and volume volatility of debtor s common stock, the time to expiration of the convertible note, the discount rate, the stated interest
rate compared to the current market rate, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the time to expiration, and probability
of default. Therefore, the estimate of expected future volatility is based on the actual volatility of debtor s common stock and
historical volatility of debtor s common stock utilizing a lookback period consistent with the time to expiration. The time to expiration
is based on the contractual maturity date. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in
effect at the time of measurement for time periods approximately equal to the time to expiration. Probability of default is estimated
using the S P Global default rate for companies with a similar credit rating to debtor s. 

The fair values of financial instruments by class
as of October 31, 2024 are as follows: 

Warrant asset Femasys 
 3 

Investment in preferred stock - TNF 
 3 

Warrant asset TNF 
 3 

Assumptions used in the valuation of the Level
3 assets include time to expiration, discount rate, risk-free rate, volatility and probability of default. 

shares of TNF s
Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares or Series G Preferred Stock ), representing approximately
33 of TNF s issued and outstanding share capital on an as-converted basis (and approximately 78 of all shares of Series G Preferred
Stock outstanding), at a price of 1.816 per Preferred Share, which are convertible into shares of Common Stock (as defined
below); (ii) warrants to purchase up to 3,854,626 shares of TNF s Common Stock with a five-year term Long-Term Warrant 
and (iii) warrants to purchase up to shares of TNF s Common Stock with a 18-month term Short-Term Warrant (collectively, the TNF warrants ), for an aggregate purchase price of . 

Pursuant to the SPA, the Company has the right
to participate in future sales of TNF s equity and equity-linked securities until the second anniversary of the Closing or the date
on which no TNF Preferred Shares remain outstanding, whichever is earlier. Additionally, the Company has the right to nominate one individual
to serve on TNF s board of directors until PharmaCyte no longer beneficially owns at least 20 of TNF s common stock on an
as-converted basis. The Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer serves on the board of directors of TNF. 

The Company has determined that TNF is a VIE,
since TNF does not have sufficient equity at risk to finance its own operations without additional subordinated financial support. However,
the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of TNF. Furthermore, TNF s Series G Preferred Stock is not considered
in substance common stock, and as such, equity method accounting does not apply. The Company recorded its investment in TNF Series G Preferred
Stock at its fair value of approximately on May 23, 2024 as the Company did not elect the measurement alternative to account
for the investment at cost less impairment. Subsequent changes in fair value of the TNF Series G Preferred Stock are recognized in earnings
at each reporting period. The initial fair value of the TNF Series G Preferred Stock was estimated utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation
with the following assumptions: TNF stock price of 2.00, price floor of 0.40, expected time to settlement of 5.00 years, dividend rate
of 10 , discounted market interest rate of 9.8 , risk free rate of 4.52 , equity volatility of 115.0 and probability of default of 18.3 . 

The Warrants were determined to meet the definition
of a derivative and were required to be recorded at fair value in accordance with ASC 815. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the
Warrants are recognized in earnings, at each reporting date. The approximately issuance date fair value of the Warrants was
determined utilizing the Black Scholes Merton Method with the following assumptions: TNF stock price of 2.00, exercise price of 1.82,
risk free rate of 4.52 -5.05 , equity volatility of 115.0 -125.0 and remaining term of 1.5-5.0 years. As the fair value of the TNF Series
G Preferred Stock and Warrants exceeded the Company s total investment in TNF, the Company recognized an approximately 21,396,000
gain on investment on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the excess of the fair value of the Warrants over the investment
amount. As both the Series G Preferred Stock and Warrants are required to be initially measured and subsequently remeasured at fair value,
they are presented as a single line item on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as Investment TNF. 

During the three and six months ending
October 31, 2024, the Company recognized a loss for the change in fair value of the Investment TNF of approximately
 and ,
respectively. The approximately 
fair value of the TNF Series G Preferred Stock was estimated utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions on
October 31, 2024: TNF stock price of 1.42, price floor of 0.36, expected time to settlement of 5.00 years, dividend rate of 10 ,
discount market interest rate of 7.0 , risk free rate of 4.15 , equity volatility of 120.0 and probability of default of 18.0 . The
approximately 6,056,000 fair value of the Warrants was determined utilizing the Black Scholes Merton Method with the following
assumptions on October 31, 2024: TNF stock price of 1.42, exercise price of 1.82, risk free rate of 4.14 -4.26 , equity volatility
of 105.0 -110.0 and remaining term of 1.06-4.56 years. 

Below is a summary of activity for the Preferred
Stock as of October 31, 2024: 

Purchased 

Change in fair value 

Balance of Warrant assets as of October 31, 2024 

Below is a summary of activity for the Preferred
Stock Warrants as of October 31, 2024: 

Balance of Warrant assets as of April 30, 2024 

Purchased 

Change in fair value 

Balance of Warrant assets as of October 31, 2024 

25 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.
Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Generally, statements other than statements
of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of this Report, including any projections of earnings, revenue
or other financial items, any statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning
proposed new products or services, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance, any statements regarding expected
benefits from any transactions and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In some cases, forward-looking statements
can be identified by use of terminology such as may, will, should, believes, intends, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, estimates, goal, aim, 
 potential or continue, or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained in this Report are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such
expectations or any of the forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results could differ materially from those
projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Thus, investors should refer to and carefully review information in future documents
we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Commission ). Our future financial condition and results of operations,
as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to inherent risk and uncertainties, including, those set forth in this Item 2,
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report, those set forth from time to time in our other
filings with the Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024 and the following factors
and risks: 

Among others, these include: 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

whether the United States U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approves our Investigational New Drug Application IND after we complete the FDA s requested studies and submit a response to the FDA s clinical hold, so that we can commence our planned clinical trial involving locally advanced, inoperable, non-metastatic pancreatic cancer LAPC 

the success and timing of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

the potential that results of preclinical studies and clinical trials may indicate that any of our technologies and product candidates are unsafe or ineffective; 

our dependence on third parties in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

the difficulties and expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

the material adverse impact that the coronavirus pandemic may have on our business, including our planned clinical trial involving LAPC, which could materially affect our operations as well as the business or operations of third parties with whom we conduct business; and 

whether the FDA will approve our product candidates after our clinical trials are completed, assuming the FDA allows our clinical trials 

26 

All forward- looking
statements and reasons why results may differ included in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and we do not intend to update any
forward-looking statements except as required by law or applicable regulations. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not
possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which
any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our
behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

Except where the context
otherwise requires, in this Report, the Company, we, us and our refer to PharmaCyte
Biotech, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

Overview of Business 

We are a biotechnology company focused on developing
cellular therapies for cancer based upon a proprietary cellulose-based live cell encapsulation technology known as Cell-in-a-Box . 
The Cell-in-a-Box technology is intended to be used as a platform upon which therapies for several types of cancer, including LAPC,
will be developed. The current generation of our product candidate is referred to as CypCaps . 

During the year ended April 30, 2024, we determined
that research and development in the treatment of diabetes would no longer be pursued. 

On August 15, 2022, we entered into a Cooperation
Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. and its affiliates, pursuant to which we elected a
reconstituted board of directors (the Board ). On November 17, 2023, the Board formed the Strategic Scientific Committee
(the Scientific Committee ), chaired by Dr. Michael Abecassis. The Scientific Committee and our independent consultants are
reviewing many of the risks relative to our business. In addition, the Board is reviewing risks associated with our development programs
and our relationship with SG Austria Pte. Ltd SG Austria ), including that all licensed patents have expired and that know-how
relating to our Cell-in-a-Box technology solely resides with SG Austria. The Board has reduced spending on our programs, including
pre-clinical and clinical activities, until the review by the Scientific Committee and the Board is complete and the Board has determined
the actions and plans to be implemented. The Scientific Committee s recommendations will include potentially seeking a new framework
for our relationship with SG Austria and its subsidiaries. We are reevaluating those programs which are dependent on SG Austria and the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration s (the FDA acceptance of its technologies, including our development programs for
locally advanced, inoperable, non-metastatic pancreatic cancer LAPC ). Our reevaluation for addressing the FDA concerns
has resulted in delays stemming from the review of the non-clinical package provided by SG Austria and changes to the FDA review process. 

The Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation technology
is designed to present genetically engineered live human cells to targeted tissues. The technology is intended to result in the formation
of pinhead-sized cellulose-based porous capsules in which genetically modified live human cells can be encapsulated, grown to confluence
and maintained in a cryopreserved (frozen) state until shortly before they are injected into an appropriate patient. In a laboratory setting,
this proprietary live cell encapsulation technology has been shown to create a micro-environment in which encapsulated cells survive and
flourish. Encapsulated cells are protected from environmental challenges, such as the shear forces associated with bioreactors and passage
through catheters and needles, which we believe enables greater cell growth and production of the active molecules. The capsules are largely
composed of cellulose (cotton) and are bioinert. During the past year, SG Austria has generated data and reports to support submission
to the FDA concerning the safety of the microcapsules. 

We have been developing therapies for pancreatic
tumors by using genetically engineered live human cells that we believe are capable of converting a cancer prodrug into its cancer-killing
form. We encapsulate those cells using the Cell-in-a-Box technology and place those capsules in the body as close as possible to
the tumor. In this way, we believe that when a cancer prodrug is administered to a patient with a particular type of cancer that may be
affected by the resulting active drug, the killing of the patient s cancerous tumor may be optimized both by enhanced potency and
limited exposure away from the target tumor. We believe that the prodrug/activator technology is well suited to address the shift from
cure/enhanced survival to creating a zone of clearance around blood vessels adjacent to tumor. This zone of clearance improves the probability
of successful surgical resection of LAPC, which has been shown to improve survival. 

27 

In addition to reengaging SG Austria, we are also
identifying alternative approaches to expand the prodrug/activator technology for cancer treatment. These discussions may expand our prodrug/activation
options to use highly toxic cancer-killing drugs in tightly controlled perivascular spaces. 

Until the Strategic Scientific Committee completes
its evaluation of our programs and we enter into a new framework for its relationship with SG Austria, spending on our development programs
has been curtailed. 

Investigational New Drug Application and Clinical
Hold 

On September 1, 2020, we submitted an IND to the
FDA for a planned clinical trial in LAPC. On October 1, 2020, we received notice from the FDA that it had placed our IND on clinical hold.
On October 30, 2020, the FDA sent us a letter setting forth the reasons for the clinical hold and providing specific guidance on what
we must do to have the clinical hold lifted. 

In order to address the clinical hold, the FDA
has requested that we: 

Provide additional sequencing data and genetic stability studies; 

Conduct a stability study on our final formulated product candidate as well as the cells from our Master Cell Bank MCB 

Evaluate the compatibility of the delivery devices (the prefilled syringe and the microcatheter used to implant the CypCaps with our product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional detailed description of the manufacturing process of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional product release specifications for our encapsulated cells; 

Demonstrate comparability between the 1st and 2nd generation of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer and ensure adequate and consistent product performance and safety between the two generations; 

Conduct a biocompatibility assessment using the capsules material; 

Address specified insufficiencies in the Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls information in the cross-referenced Drug Master File; 

Conduct an additional nonclinical study in animals to assess the safety, activity, and distribution of the product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Revise the Investigators Brochure to include any additional preclinical studies conducted in response to the clinical hold and remove any statements not supported by the data we generated. 

28 

The FDA also requested that we address the following
issues as an amendment to our IND: 

Provide a Certificate of Analysis for pc3/2B1 plasmid that includes tests for assessing purity, safety, and potency; 

Perform qualification studies for the drug substance filling step to ensure that the product candidate for pancreatic cancer remains sterile and stable during the filling process; 

Submit an updated batch analysis for the product candidate for the specific lot that will be used for manufacturing all future product candidates; 

Provide additional details for the methodology for the Resorufin (CYP2B1) potency and the PrestoBlue cell metabolic assays; 

Provide a few examples of common microcatheters that fit the specifications in our Angiography Procedure Manual; 

Clarify the language in our Pharmacy Manual regarding proper use of the syringe fill with the product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Provide a discussion with data for trial of the potential for cellular and humoral immune reactivity against the heterologous rat CYP2B1 protein and potential for induction of autoimmune-mediated toxicities in our study population. 

The following provides a detailed summary of our
activities to have the clinical hold lifted: 

Stability Studies on Our Clinical Trial Product Candidate for Pancreatic Cancer . We have successfully completed the required product stability studies. The timepoints were 3, 6, 9, 12, 18 and 24 months of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer being stored frozen at -80C. These studies included container closure integrity testing for certain timepoints. 

Additional Studies Requested by the FDA . We have successfully completed various additional studies requested by the FDA, including a stability study on the cells from our MCB used to make our CypCaps . 

Determination of the Exact Sequence of the Cytochrome P450 2B1 Gene . We have completed the determination of the exact sequence of the cytochrome P450 2B1 gene inserted at the site previously identified on chromosome 9 using state-of-the-art nanopore sequencing. This is a cutting edge, unique and scalable technology that permits real-time analysis of long DNA fragments. The result of this analysis of the sequence data confirmed that the genes are intact. 

Confirmation of the Exact Sequence of the Cytochrome P450 2B1 Gene Insert . An additional, more detailed analysis of the integration site of the cytochrome P450 2B1 gene from the augmented HEK293 cell clone that is used in our CypCaps was found to be intact. In this new study, we were able to confirm the previously determined structure of the integrated transgene sequence using more data points. These studies also set the stage for a next step analysis to determine the genetic stability of the cytochrome P450 2B1 gene at the DNA level after multiple rounds of cell growth. This new study has been completed in which our original Research Cell Bank RCB cells were compared with cells from the MCB. The analysis confirmed that the cytochrome P450 2B1 and the surrounding sequence has remained stable with no changes detected at the DNA level. 

Biocompatibility Studies . We have been involved with 10 biocompatibility studies requested by the FDA, eight of which have been completed successfully. To enable the biocompatibility studies to be performed, we had Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. Austrianova manufacture an additional 400 syringes of empty capsules. 

29 

Systemic Toxicity Testing . We evaluated the potential toxicity of the capsule component of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer and determined there is no evidence of toxicity in any of the parameters examined. The study also confirmed previous data that shows our capsule material is bioinert. 

Micro-Compression and Swelling Testing . This testing is underway. We are developing and optimizing two reproducible methods for testing and confirming the physical stability and integrity of our CypCaps under extreme pressure. These studies required the acquisition of new equipment by Austrianova as well as validation and integration into Austrianova s Quality Control laboratory. 

Break Force and Glide Testing . We are in the process of developing a protocol to measure whether the syringe, attached to the catheter when used to expel the capsules, will still have a break and glide force that is within the specifications we have established. We are setting the specifications based on the syringe/plunger manufacturer s measured break and glide forces, or alternatively, accepted ranges for glide forces routinely used in the clinic. 

Capsules Compatibility with the Syringe and Other Components of the Microcatheter Delivery System . We are in the process of showing that CypCaps are not in any way adversely affected by the catheters used by interventional radiologists to deliver them into a patient. Compatibility data is being generated to demonstrate that the quality of the CypCaps is maintained after passage through the planned microcatheter systems. 

CypCaps Capsules and Cell Viability after Exposure to Contrast Medium . We have commenced testing to show that exposure of CypCaps to the contrast medium interventional radiologists used to implant the CypCaps in a patient has no adverse effect on CypCaps . Contrast medium is used to visualize the blood vessels during implantation. 

Master Drug File Information . Austrianova is providing additional detailed confidential information on the manufacturing process, including information on the improvements and advancements made to our product candidate for pancreatic cancer since the last clinical trials were conducted with respect to reproducibility and safety. However, Austrianova has not changed the overall physical characteristics of CypCaps between the 1st and 2nd generations. 

Submission of Data to FDA . We are in the process of providing these data to the FDA. The clinical hold did not reflect any deficiencies of the clinical trial proposed. We seek to resolve these non-clinical issues to enable FDA review of a new clinical protocol that reflects the standard of care for LAPC. 

Performance Indicators 

Non-financial performance indicators used by management
to manage and assess how the business is progressing will include, but are not limited to, the ability to: (i) acquire appropriate funding
for all aspects of our operations; (ii) acquire and complete necessary contracts; (iii) complete activities for producing genetically
modified human cells and having them encapsulated for our preclinical studies and the planned clinical trial in LAPC; (iv) have regulatory
work completed to enable studies and trials to be submitted to regulatory agencies; (v) complete all required tests and studies on the
cells and capsules we plan to use in our clinical trial in patients with LAPC; (vi) ensure completion of the production of encapsulated
cells according to cGMP regulations to use in our planned clinical trial; (vii) complete all of the tasked the FDA requires of us in order
to have the clinical hold lifted; and (viii) obtain approval from the FDA to lift the clinical hold on our IND that we may commence our
planned clinical trial in LAPC. 

There are numerous items required to be completed
successfully to ensure our final product candidate is ready for use in our planned clinical trial in LAPC. The effects of material transactions
with related parties, and certain other parties to the extent necessary for such an undertaking, may have substantial effects on both
the timeliness and success of our current and prospective financial position and operating results. Nonetheless, we are actively working
to ensure strong ties and interactions to minimize the inherent risks regarding success. We do not believe there are factors which will
cause materially different amounts to be reported than those presented in this Report. We aim to assess this regularly to provide accurate
information to our shareholders. 

30 

Results of Operations 

Three and six months ended October 31, 2024, compared to three
and six months ended October 31, 2023 

Revenue 

We had no revenues for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024,
and 2023. 

Operating Expenses and Loss from Operations 

The total operating expenses and loss from operations
during the three months ended October 31, 2024, were 1,106,060, a decrease of 303,460 compared to the three months ended October 31,
2023. The decrease is mainly attributable to decreases in director fees of 168,738, legal and professional fees of 49,388, and general
and administrative costs of 154,945, and net of increases in R D cost of 15,437 and compensation expense of 54,174. 

Operating expenses: 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 Change- Increase (Decrease) and Percent 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 
 R D 
 97,470 
 15,437 
 82,033 

19 

Compensation expense 
 283,333 
 54,174 
 229,159 

24 

Director fees 
 138,000 
 (168,738 
 306,738 

(55 

General and administrative, legal and professional 
 587,257 
 (204,333 
 791,590 

(26 

The total operating expenses and loss from operations
during the six months ended October 31, 2024, were 2,374,947, a decrease of 1,109,899 compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023.
The decrease is mainly attributable to decreases in director fees of 80,953 and general and administrative costs of 1,375,516 relating
primarily to warrant issuance costs of 913,640, and net of increases in R D cost of 6,970, compensation expense of 203,660 and
legal and professional expense costs of 135,940. 

31 

Operating expenses: 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 Change- Increase (Decrease) and Percent 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 
 R D 
 193,486 
 6,970 
 186,516 

4 

Compensation expense 
 672,817 
 203,660 
 469,157 

43 

Director fees 
 276,000 
 (80,953 
 356,953 

(23 

General and administrative, legal and professional 
 1,232,644 
 (1,239,576 
 2,472,220 

(50 

Other Income (Expenses), Net 

Other income (expenses), net, for the three months
ended October 31, 2024 was (363,500) as compared to other income (expense), net of 4,199,416 for the three months ended October 31,
2023. Other income (expenses), net, for the three months ended October 31, 2024 is attributable to interest income of 382,562, net of
changes in fair value of warrant liability of 1,829,000, a change in fair value of derivative liability of 980,000, a change in fair
value of convertible note receivable of 435,000, a change in fair value warrant assets of 276,000, a change in fair value of the TNF
warrant assets of (4,265,000), and other expenses of (1,062). Other income (expense), net, for the three months ended October 31, 2023,
is attributable to interest income of 894,181, changes in fair value of warrant liability of 4,075,000 and derivative liability of (769,000),
net of other expenses of (765). 

Other income (expenses), net, for the six months
ended October 31, 2024 was 24,326,742 as compared to other income (expense), net of 3,091,445 for the six months ended October 31, 2023.
Other income (expenses), net, for the six months ended October 31, 2024 is attributable to interest income of 929,994, net of changes
in fair value of warrant liability of 3,913,000, a change in fair value of derivative liability of 2,184,000, a change in fair value
of convertible note receivable of 680,000, a change in fair value warrant assets of (1,234,000), a gain on related party investment
of 21,395,734, a change in fair value of the TNF warrant assets of (3,540,734), and other expenses of (1,252). Other income (expense),
net, for the six months ended October 31, 2023, is attributable to interest income of 1,770,059, changes in fair value of warrant liability
of 2,623,000 and derivative liability of (1,299,000), net of other expenses of (2,614). 

32 

Discussion of Operating, Investing and Financing
Activities 

The following table presents a summary of our
sources and uses of cash for the six months ended October 31, 2024, and 2023. 

Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities: 
 (1,428,032 
 (1,641,395 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities: 
 (7,000,000 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities: 
 (20,912,124 
 7,027,868 
 
 Effect of currency rate exchange 
 244 
 (1,140 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (29,339,912 
 5,385,333 

Operating Activities: 

The cash and cash equivalents used in operating
activities for the six months ended October 31, 2024 is a result of our net income of 21,951,795, change in fair value of warrant asset
note receivable of 1,234,000, investment in TNF of 3,540,734, stock based compensation of 341,832 offset by the gain on related party
investment of (21,395,734) the changes in fair value of warrant liability of (3,913,000), derivative liability of (2,184,000), convertible
note receivable of (680,000), and changes to prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and accrued dividends totaling approximately
 (324,000). The cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities for the six months ended October 31, 2023 is a result of our
net losses of (393,401), changes in fair value of warrant liability of (2,623,000) offset by changes in derivative liability of 1,299,000,
and changes to prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately 76,000. 

Investing Activities : 

On May 20, 2024, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the TNF Purchase Agreement with a public company operating in the medical industry, MyMD Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., which subsequently changed its name to TNF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. TNF ). Pursuant to the TNF Purchase Agreement, we
purchased (i) 7,000 shares of TNF s Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares or Series G
Preferred Stock ), representing approximately 33 of TNF s issued and outstanding share capital on an as-converted basis (and
approximately 78 of all shares of Series G Preferred Stock outstanding), at a price of 1.816 per Preferred Share, which are convertible
into 3,854,626 shares of Common Stock (as defined below); (ii) warrants to purchase up to 3,854,626 shares of TNF s Common Stock
with a five-year term; and (iii) warrants to purchase up to 3,854,626 shares of TNF s Common Stock with a 18-month, for an aggregate
purchase price of 7,000,000. 

See Note 14 Investment in Series G Preferred
Stock of TNF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Financing Activities: 

The cash and cash equivalents used in financing
activities for the six months ended October 31, 2024 is mainly attributable to the repurchase of common stock of approximately 2,146,000
and redemption of preferred stock of approximately 18,766,000. For the six months ended October 31, 2023, the cash provided by the proceeds
from the issuance of preferred stock of approximately 33,650,000, net of issuance costs and the repurchase of common stock of approximately
 26,622,000. 

33 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of October 31, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents
totaled approximately 20.1 million, compared to approximately 50 million as of April 30, 2024. Working capital was approximately 17
million as of October 31, 2024, compared to approximately 43 million as of April 30, 2024. The decrease in cash is attributable to an
increase in the redemption of preferred stock of approximately 18.8 million, the repurchase of our common stock of approximately 2.1
million, and in the investment in TNF of 7 million, operating expenses of approximately 2.4 million. 

On May 10, 2023, we entered into the Purchase
Agreement, pursuant to which we sold to the Investors 35,000 Preferred Shares and Warrants to acquire up to an aggregate of 8,750,000
shares of common stock. The gross proceeds of the Private Placement were 35 million, before offering expenses. If all of the Warrants
were exercised for cash, we would receive additional gross proceeds of approximately 35 million. 

To meet our short and long-term liquidity needs,
we expect to use existing cash balances and a variety of other means. Other sources of liquidity could include additional potential issuances
of debt or equity securities in public or private financings, partnerships, collaborations and sale of assets. Our history of operating
losses and liquidity challenges may make it difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. The demand for the equity
and debt of pharmaceutical companies like ours is dependent upon many factors, including the general state of the financial markets. During
times of extreme market volatility, capital may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain such additional
capital could materially and adversely affect our business operations. Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will
depend on many factors, but we believe that our cash on hand will enable us to fund operating expenses for at least the next 12 months
following the issuance of our financial statements. 

Service Agreements 

We entered into several service agreements, with
both independent and related parties, pursuant to which services will be provided over the next twelve months related to the clinical
hold on our IND submission involving LAPC. The services include developing studies and strategies relating to clearing the clinical hold.
The total cost is estimated to be approximately 212,000, of which the related party portion will be approximately 157,000. These agreements
are under review by our Business Review Committee and reconstituted Board which has curtailed spending on this program until their review
is complete and recommendations are made. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). We are required to make assumptions
and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and
the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that
management believes to be relevant at the time our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management
reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are
presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty,
actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Our significant accounting policies are discussed
in Note 2 of the Notes to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Report. Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding
and evaluating our reported financial results and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments resulting
from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management has reviewed these critical accounting
estimates and related disclosures with our Board. 

34 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value measurements
are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available as of and during the six months ended October 31, 2024.
The fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivative related to the convertible preferred stock was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation
model, which uses as inputs the fair value of our common stock and estimates for the equity volatility and traded volume volatility of
our common stock, the time to maturity of the convertible preferred stock, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates
the time to maturity, dividend rate, a penalty dividend rate, and our probability of default. The
fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using the Black Scholes Model which uses as inputs the following weighted average assumptions:
dividend yield, expected term in years; equity volatility; and risk-free interest rate. 

In addition, the Company elects to account for
its convertible note receivable, which meets the required criteria, at fair value at inception and at each subsequent reporting date.
Subsequent changes in fair value, including interest, are recorded as a component of non-operating income (loss) in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. The Company estimates the fair value of the convertible note receivable using the income approach, which uses
as inputs the fair value of debtor s common stock and estimates for the equity volatility and volume volatility of debtor s
common stock, the time to expiration of the convertible note, the discount rate, the stated interest rate compared to the current market
rate, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the time to expiration, and probability of default. Therefore, the estimate
of expected future volatility is based on the actual volatility of debtor s common stock and historical volatility of debtor s
common stock utilizing a lookback period consistent with the time to expiration. The time to expiration is based on the contractual maturity
date. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of measurement for
time periods approximately equal to the time to expiration. The probability of default is estimated using the S P Global default rate
for companies with a similar credit rating to debtors. The fair value in our warrant asset investment is estimated using a Monte Carlo
simulation model, which uses as inputs the fair value of the underlying common stock and estimates for the equity volatility and traded
volume volatility of the investee s common stock, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected life of
the warrants, and the expected life of the warrants. 

Additionally, the Company has determined that
the investment in preferred stock is a VIE, since it does not have sufficient equity at risk to finance its own operations without additional
subordinated financial support. However, the Company determined that it is not the primary beneficiary. Furthermore, preferred stock is
not considered in substance common stock, and as such, equity method accounting does not apply. The Company recorded its investment at
its fair value and the Company did not elect the measurement alternative to account for the investment at cost less impairment. Subsequent
changes in fair value of the preferred stock are recognized in earnings at each reporting period. The initial fair value of the preferred
stock was estimated utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: stock price, price floor, expected time to settlement,
dividend rate, discounted market interest rate, risk free rate of, equity volatility of and probability of default. 

The warrants were determined to meet the definition
of a derivative and were required to be recorded at fair value in accordance with ASC 815. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the
Warrants are recognized in earnings, at each reporting date. The issuance date fair value of the Warrants was determined utilizing the
Black Scholes Merton Method with the following assumptions: stock price, exercise price, risk free rate, equity volatility and remaining
terms. As the fair value of the preferred stock and warrants exceeded the Company s total investment, the Company recognized a
gain on investment for the excess of the fair value of the warrants over the investment amount. As both the preferred stock and warrants
are required to be initially measured and subsequently remeasured at fair value, they are presented as a single line item. 

Realizable Value of Intangible Assets 

We test the carrying amount of our indefinite-lived
intangible assets for impairment prior to testing long-lived assets for impairment. As prescribed under ASC 350, we first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 that our indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we would calculate
the fair value of the asset and record an impairment charge if the carrying amount exceeds fair value. If we determine that it is not
more likely than not that the asset is impaired, no further action is required. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of all recently adopted and recently
issued but not yet adopted accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes
to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Quarterly Report. 

35 

Available Information 

Our website is located at www.PharmaCyte.com. 
In addition, all our filings submitted to the Commission, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and all our other reports and statements filed with the Commission are available on the Commission s web site
at www.sec.gov . Such filings are also available for download free of charge on our website. The contents of the website are not,
and are not intended to be, incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report or any other report or document filed with the Commission
or furnished by us, and any reference to the websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

The information called for by Item 3 is not required
for a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Interim Chairman, Interim Chief Executive
Officer, and Interim President, as our principal executive officer Chief Executive Officer ), and our Chief Financial Officer,
as our principal financial officer Chief Financial Officer ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit to the Commission pursuant
to the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the period specified by the Commission s rules and forms
and are accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of October 31, 2024, certain of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting. 

Reference should be made to our Form 10-K filed
with the Commission on August 13, 2024, for additional information regarding discussion of the effectiveness of the Company s control
and procedures. 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Also, controls can be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting during the six months ended October 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

In connection with the October 31, 2024 reporting
process, management identified two material weaknesses related to the Company s internal controls: insufficient segregation of duties
of our Chief Financial Officer and insufficient management review controls. 

The Certifications of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer required in accordance with Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 Certifications are attached to this Quarterly Report. The disclosures set forth in this Item 4 contain information
concerning: (i) the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, and changes in internal control over financial reporting, referred
to in paragraph 4 of the Certifications; and (ii) material weaknesses in the design or operation of our internal control over financial
reporting, referred to in paragraph 5 of the Certifications. The Certifications should be read in conjunction with this Item 4 for a more
complete understanding of the matters covered by the Certifications. 

36 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we are subject to legal proceedings
and claims, either asserted or unasserted, that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of pending claims cannot be
predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the outcome of any pending claims will have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition or operating results. 

On December 4, 2023, H.C. Wainwright Co.,
LLC Wainwright filed a complaint against us in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, asserting
a single cause of action for breach of contract and alleging that we breached an April 2021 engagement agreement with Wainwright by failing
to pay a purported tail fee allegedly due in connection with a private placement transaction that closed in 2023. Wainwright
seeks damages of not less than 1,950,000, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 656,250 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of 5.00 per share, and attorney s fees. On February 28, 2024, we responded to the complaint with an answer and affirmative defenses.
The parties have commenced documentary discovery. We intend to vigorously defend against Wainwright s complaint and do not believe
that any potential loss is reasonably estimable at this time. 

To our knowledge, there is no other material litigation against any
of our officers or directors in their capacity as such, and no such litigation is contemplated by any governmental authorities. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The information called for by Item 1A is not required
for a smaller reporting company. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider
the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed with the Commission
on August 13, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

During the three-months ended October 31, 2024,
there were no shares issued. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The table below summarizes information about the
Company s purchases of its equity securities during the quarterly period ended October 31, 2024. 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 August 1, 2024 August 31, 2024 
 29,795 
 1.8429 
 29,795 
 3,877,171 
 
 September 1, 2024 September 30, 2024 
 56,663 
 1.9103 
 56,663 
 3,768,929 
 
 October 1, 2024 - October 31, 2024 
 596,578 
 2.1027 
 596,578 
 2,514,516 
 
 Total 
 683,036 
 2.0754 
 683,036 
 2,514,516 

37 

On June 2, 2022, the Company announced that the
Board had authorized a share repurchase program to acquire up to 10 million of the Company s outstanding common stock (the Original
Program ). The number of shares of common stock repurchased on any given trading day is determined by a formula, which is based
on the market price of the common stock and average daily volumes. The Repurchase Program expires on May 30, 2024. On January 31, 2023,
the Board authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional 10 million of the Company s outstanding common
stock (the New Program and together with the Original Program, the Repurchase Programs ). Under the New Program,
the shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, privately negotiated block transactions or other means in
accordance with applicable securities laws. During the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Company repurchased 683,036 shares pursuant
to the Repurchase Programs. For more information on the Repurchase Programs, see Note 12 Treasury Stock. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information . 

During the
quarter ended October 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

38 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and included in exhibit 101). 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 

December 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 

Joshua N. Silverman 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

December 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ Carlos A. Trujillo 

Carlos A. Trujillo 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pharmacyte_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-15(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Joshua N. Silverman, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. Report and its subsidiaries for the period
ended October 31, 2024; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 

Name: Joshua N.
 Silverman 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pharmacyte_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-15(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Carlos A. Trujillo, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. Report and its subsidiaries for the period
ended October 31, 2024; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Carlos A. Trujillo 

Name: Carlos A.
 Trujillo 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pharmacyte_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of PharmaCyte
Biotech, Inc. and its subsidiaries Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 as filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission Commission on the date hereof Report ), the undersigned, Joshua
N. Silverman, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

Dated: December 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 

Name: Joshua N.
 Silverman 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This exhibit shall not be deemed filed 
with the Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general
incorporation language contained in such filing; however, it is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the Commission. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pharmacyte_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of PharmaCyte
Biotech, Inc. and its subsidiaries Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 as filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission Commission on the date hereof Report ), the undersigned, Carlos
A. Trujillo, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

Dated: December 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Carlos A. Trujillo 

Name: Carlos A.
 Trujillo 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

This exhibit shall not be deemed filed 
with the Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general
incorporation language contained in such filing; however, it is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the Commission. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pmcb-20241031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pmcb-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pmcb-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pmcb-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

