<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1718512_0001718512-24-000084.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11728850</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137275</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1772686</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4642047</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2540068</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2365993</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001718512-24-000084.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030161216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001718512-24-000084
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gates Industrial Corp plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001718512
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38366
		FILM NUMBER:		241410446

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1144 FIFTEENTH STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-744-4876

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1144 FIFTEENTH STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001718512-24-000084.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 gtes-20240928.htm
 10-Q

gtes-20240928 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Not Applicable 
 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, there were ordinary shares of 0.01 par value outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 47 
 Signatures 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this quarterly report or report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, predicts, intends, trends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 (the annual report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which include the following: economic, political and other risks associated with international operations; availability of raw materials or other manufacturing inputs at favorable prices in sufficient quantities, or at a given time; changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing power or inventory levels of, key channel partners; catastrophic events, including global pandemics; dependence on the continued operation of our manufacturing facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems; our ability to forecast demand or meet significant increases in demand; our cost-reduction actions; market acceptance of new product introductions and innovations; longer lives of products used in our end markets may affect demand for some of our replacement products; development of the replacement market in emerging markets may limit our ability to grow; pursuit of strategic transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, joint ventures, strategic alliances or investments, which could create risks and present unforeseen integration obstacles or costs; our investments in joint ventures; loss or financial instability of any significant customer; societal responses to sustainability issues, including those related to climate change; the ability to maintain and enhance our strong brand; pricing pressures from customers; cyber-security vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crimes; failure of information systems; highly complex and rapidly evolving global privacy, data protection and data security requirements; existing or new laws and regulations, including but not limited to those relating to health, safety, and environmental concerns, and the sale of aftermarket products; failure to comply with anti-corruption laws and other laws governing our international operations; recalls, product liability claims or product warranties claims; failure to develop, obtain, enforce and protect our intellectual property rights in all jurisdictions throughout the world; infringement on the intellectual property of others; litigation, legal and regulatory proceedings and obligations, and the availability and coverage of insurance; loss of senior management or key personnel; work stoppages and other labor matters; potential requirement to make additional cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans; change in our effective tax rates or additional tax liabilities; change in tax laws; tax authorities may no longer treat us as being exclusively a resident of the U.K. for tax purposes; and our substantial leverage, including interest rate risk; and the influence of Blackstone (as defined herein) over us, as such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company s periodic filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider carefully the disclosure in this report and our other filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other periodic filings. Gates undertakes no obligation to update or supplement any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.gates.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls, and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Gates Industrial Corporation when you enroll your email address by visiting the Investor Resources Email Alerts section of our website at https://investors.gates.com. The contents of our website and any alerts are not, however, a part of this report. 

Table of Contents 

 ABOUT THIS QUARTERLY REPORT 
 Financial Statement Presentation 
 Gates Industrial Corporation plc is a public limited company that was incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 on September 25, 2017 and is registered in England and Wales. 
 Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included elsewhere in this quarterly report have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables or charts may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them, and figures expressed as percentages in the text may not total 100 or, as applicable, when aggregated may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages that precede them. 
 All amounts in this quarterly report are expressed in United States of America (the U.S. dollars, unless indicated otherwise. 
 Certain Definitions 
 As used in this quarterly report, unless otherwise noted or the context requires otherwise: 
 Gates, the Company, we, us and our refer to Gates Industrial Corporation plc and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 Blackstone refers to investment funds affiliated with Blackstone Inc., which together own approximately 8.4 of our outstanding ordinary shares as of September 28, 2024; and 
 Board refers to the board of directors of Gates Industrial Corporation plc. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1: Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 Gates Industrial Corporation plc 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Transaction-related expenses Asset impairments Restructuring expenses Other operating expenses Operating income from continuing operations Interest expenses Loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary Other (income) expenses ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before taxes Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations Loss on disposal of discontinued operations, net of tax, respectively, of , , and 
 Net income Less: non-controlling interests Net income attributable to shareholders Earnings per share Basic Earnings per share from continuing operations Earnings per share from discontinued operations Earnings per share Diluted Earnings per share from continuing operations Earnings per share from discontinued operations Earnings per share 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Gates Industrial Corporation plc 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation: Net translation gain (loss) on foreign operations, net of tax benefit, respectively, of , , and 
 ) ) ) (Loss) gain on net investment hedges, net of tax benefit (expense), respectively, of , ), ) and 
 ) ) Total foreign currency translation movements ) ) ) Cash flow hedges (interest rate derivatives): (Loss) gain arising in the period, net of tax benefit (expense), respectively, of , ), ) and ) 
 ) Reclassification to net income, net of tax benefit, respectively, of , , and 
 ) ) ) ) Total cash flow hedges movements ) ) Post-retirement benefits: Reclassification of prior year actuarial movements to net income, net of tax benefit, respectively, of , , and 
 ) ) ) ) Total post-retirement benefits movements ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income for the period Comprehensive income attributable to shareholders: Income arising from continuing operations Loss arising from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Gates Industrial Corporation plc 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in millions, except share numbers and per share amounts) 
 As of 
 September 28, 2024 
 As of 
 December 30, 2023 
 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories Taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Pension surplus Intangible assets, net Right-of-use assets Taxes receivable Deferred income taxes Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities Debt, current portion Trade accounts payable Taxes payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Debt, less current portion Post-retirement benefit obligations Lease liabilities Taxes payable Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) each - authorized shares: ; outstanding shares: (December 30, 2023: authorized shares: ; outstanding shares: 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury shares ) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Gates Industrial Corporation plc 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Foreign exchange and other non-cash financing (income) expenses ) Share-based compensation expense 
 Decrease in post-employment benefit obligations, net 
 ) ) Deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Asset impairments 
 Loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment ) Other operating activities 
 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Accounts payable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Taxes payable ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Purchases of investments ) Cash paid under company-owned life insurance policies ) ) Cash received under company-owned life insurance policies Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment Cash deconsolidated from previously controlled subsidiary ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Issuance of shares Repurchase of shares ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ) ) Other financing activities Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period Supplemental schedule of cash flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid Accrued capital expenditures 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Gates Industrial Corporation plc 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Three months ended September 28, 2024 (dollars in millions) 
 Share capital Additional paid-in capital Treasury Shares Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Non- controlling interests Total equity As of June 29, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Other changes in equity: 
 Issuance of shares Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Buy-back of shares ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid to non-controlling 
 interests 
 ) ) As of September 28, 2024 ) ) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in millions) 
 Share capital Additional paid-in capital Treasury Shares Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Non- controlling interests Total equity As of July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) Other changes in equity: 
 Issuance of shares Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Buy-back of shares Share-based compensation Dividends paid to non-controlling 
 interests 
 ) ) As of September 30, 2023 ) 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 (dollars in millions) Share capital Additional paid-in capital Treasury Shares Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Non- controlling interests Total equity As of December 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) Other changes in equity: Issuance of shares Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Buy-back and cancellation of shares ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ) ) As of September 28, 2024 ) ) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in millions) Share capital Additional paid-in capital Treasury Shares Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Non- controlling interests Total equity As of December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Other changes in equity: Issuance of shares Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Buy-back and cancellation of shares ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ) ) As of September 30, 2023 ) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Gates Industrial Corporation plc 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 B. 
 C. 
 million of our trade accounts receivable had been accelerated under this program, compared to the accelerated collection of million as of December 30, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we incurred costs in respect of this program of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred costs in respect of this program of million and million, respectively. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 million loss included in the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited annual consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 30, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The accounting policies used in preparing these condensed consolidated financial statements are the same as those applied in the prior year. 
 
 2. 

3. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Fluid Power Continuing operations 
 Our commercial function is organized by region and therefore, in addition to reviewing net sales by our reporting segments, the CEO also reviews net sales information disaggregated by region, including between emerging and developed markets. 
 North America, excluding U.S. 
 United Kingdom U.K. EMEA (1) , excluding U.K. 
 East Asia and India Greater China South America Net sales 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (dollars in millions) Power Transmission 
 Fluid Power 
 Power Transmission 
 Fluid Power 
 U.S. North America, excluding U.S. 
 U.K. EMEA (1) , excluding U.K. 
 East Asia and India Greater China South America Net sales 
 (1) Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ). 
 The following table summarizes our net sale s into emerging and developed markets: Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Developed Emerging Net sales 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Fluid Power Continuing operations 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax expense Income from continuing operations before taxes Interest expense Loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary (1) 
 Other (income) expenses ) ) ) Operating income from continuing operations Depreciation and amortization Transaction-related expenses (2) 
 Asset impairments Restructuring expenses Share-based compensation expense Inventory impairments and adjustments (3) (included in cost of sales) 
 Severance expenses (included in cost of sales) ) Severance expenses (included in SG A) Credit (gain) loss related to customer bankruptcy (included in SG A) (4) 
 ) ) Cybersecurity incident expenses (5) 
 Other items not directly related to current operations (6) 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 (1) In July 2022, as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Gates suspended our operations in Russia. As of September 28 2024, we deconsolidated the Russian subsidiary upon loss of control and recognized a deconsolidation loss. 
 (2) Transaction-related expenses relate primarily to advisory fees and other costs recognized in respect of major corporate transactions, including the acquisition of businesses, and equity and debt transactions. 
 (3) Inventory impairments and adjustments include the reversal of the adjustment to remeasure certain inventories on a LIFO basis. 
 (4) On January 31, 2023, one of our customers filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In connection with the bankruptcy proceedings, we preliminarily evaluated our potential risk and exposure relating to our outstanding pre-petition accounts receivable balance from the customer and recorded an initial pre-tax charge to reflect our estimated recovery. We continue to monitor the circumstances surrounding the bankruptcy and adjust our estimate as necessary. 
 (5) On February 11, 2023, Gates determined that it was the target of a malware attack. Cybersecurity incident expenses include legal, consulting, and other costs incurred as a direct result of this incident, some of which may be partially offset by insurance recoveries. 
 (6) Other items not directly related to current operations include other charges. 
 
 4. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Non-severance labor and benefit (income) expenses ) ) Consulting expenses Other net restructuring expenses Restructuring expenses in asset impairments: Impairment of fixed and other assets Restructuring expenses in cost of sales: Impairment of inventory Total restructuring expenses Expenses related to other strategic initiatives: Severance and other expenses (income) included in cost of sales ) Severance and other expenses included in SG A Total expenses (income) related to other strategic initiatives ) 
 Restructuring and other strategic initiatives during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included million and million, respectively, of costs related to the relocation of certain production activities in Mexico. During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we also incurred severance costs of million related to the consolidation of production activities across certain North American plants. Other restructuring costs incurred during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included legal and consulting expenses, and costs associated with prior period facility closures or relocations in several countries. 
 Restructuring and other strategic initiatives during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to severance and other non-labor costs related to relocating certain production activities in China, Mexico and Europe. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we also incurred additional non-severance labor and benefit costs of million related to relocation and integration of certain support functions into our regional shared service center in Europe. Other restructuring costs incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to legal and consulting expenses, as well as costs associated with prior period facility closures or relocations in several countries. 
 Restructuring activities 
 As indicated above, restructuring expenses, as defined under U.S. GAAP, form a subset of our total expenses related to restructuring and other strategic initiatives. Fluid Power Continuing operations 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Utilized during the period ) ) Charge for the period Released during the period ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Balance as of the end of the period 
 Restructuring reserves, which are expected to be utilized during 2024 and 2025, are included in the condensed consolidated balance sheet within the accrued expenses and other current liabilities line. 
 
 5. 
 million on pre-tax income of million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of , compared to an income tax expense of million on pre-tax income of million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, the effective tax rate was driven primarily by net discrete tax benefits of million, of which million related to changes in the realizability of certain deferred tax assets, primarily related to U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards, million of discrete tax benefit related to the loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary, offset by million of other net discrete tax expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate was driven primarily by net discrete tax benefits of million, of which million related to unrecognized tax benefits due to audit closures, offset by million of other net discrete tax expenses. 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we had an income tax expense of million on pre-tax income of million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of , compared to an income tax expense of million on pre-tax income of million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we had net discrete tax benefits of million, of which million related to unrecognized tax benefits due to audit closures and million discrete tax benefit from a loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary, offset by million of uncertain tax benefit interest accrual, million of net discrete expense related to changes in the realizability of certain deferred tax assets and million of other net discrete tax expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate was driven primarily by discrete benefits of million, of which million related to unrecognized tax benefits due to audit closures, offset by million of other net discrete tax expenses. 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences arising from differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities under U.S. GAAP and their respective tax bases, and for net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets, weighing all positive and negative evidence, and are required to establish or maintain a valuation allowance for these assets if we determine that it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million are realizable. Accordingly, we recognized million of discrete benefit, while the remaining million is recognized as part of the annual effective tax rate. As a result of changes in estimates of future taxable profits against which the foreign tax credits can be utilized, our judgment changed regarding valuation allowances on these deferred tax assets. 
 
 6. 
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding Dilutive effect of share-based awards Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Number of anti-dilutive shares excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 7. Work in progress Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 8. Foreign currency translation ) ) ) As of September 28, 2024 

9. ) ) Technology 
 ) ) Capitalized software 
 ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived: 
 Brands and trade names 
 ) ) Total intangible assets 
 ) ) 
 million, compared to million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, movements in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in an increase in the net carrying value of total intangible assets of million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to a decrease of million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the amortization expense recognized in respect of intangible assets was million, compared to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, movements in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a decrease in the net carrying value of total intangible assets of million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to a decrease of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 10. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) Interest rate swaps 
 ) ) ) ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
 Currency forward contracts 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 A. Instruments designated as net investment hedges 
 We hold cross currency swaps that have been designated as net investment hedges of certain of our European and Chinese operations. We hold USD-EUR cross currency swaps with a notional principal amount of million and extended maturity date of March 31, 2027, and additional USD-EUR cross currency swaps with the notional principal amount of million and contract term from November 16, 2022 to November 16, 2027. All USD-EUR cross currency swaps were designated as net investment hedges of certain of our European operations. In May 2023, we amended our million USD-EUR cross currency swaps to transition from a floating rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to a floating rate based on a term secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR ). In November 2023, we executed a USD to Chinese Yuan fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap with a notional principal amount of million with a contract term from November 30, 2023 to November 30, 2026. This has been designated as a net investment hedge of certain of our Chinese operations. In July 2024, we executed a new USD-EUR fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap with a notional principal amount of million with a contract term from August 2, 2024 to August 2, 2029. This has been designated as a net investment hedge of certain of our European operations. As of September 28, 2024, the aggregated notional principal amounts of the cross currency swaps we re million and million, as compared to million and million December 30, 2023.) ) Total net fair value (losses) gains ) ) 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, a net gain of million and million, respectively, was recognized in interest expense in relation to our cross currency swaps that have been designated as net investment hedges, compared to a net gain of million and million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 B. Instruments designated as cash flow hedges 
 We use interest rate swaps and interest rate caps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. These instruments are all designated as cash flow hedges. As of both September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we held pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of million. Interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million run from June 30, 2020 through June 30, 2025, while interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million have the contract term from November 16, 2022 to November 16, 2027. 
 16 

Table of Contents Amortization to net income of prior period fair value losses Deferred OCI reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) Total movement 
 ) ) 
 C. Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments 
 We do not designate our currency forward contracts, which are used primarily in respect of operational currency exposures related to payables, receivables and material procurement, or the currency swap contracts that are used to manage the currency profile of Gates cash as hedging instruments for the purposes of hedge accounting. 
 As of September 28, 2024, the notional amount of outstanding currency forward contracts that are used to manage operational foreign exchange exposures was million, compared to million as of December 30, 2023. 
 ) Total 
 ) 

11. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Non-current 
 Debt is comprised principally of borrowings under the secured credit facilities and the unsecured senior notes. The dollar term loans under the secured credit facilities pay interest at floating rates, subject to a Term SOFR floor as further described in Note 12. The fair values of the term loans are derived from a market price, discounted for illiquidity. The unsecured senior notes have fixed interest rates, are traded by Qualified Institutional Buyers and certain other eligible investors, and their fair value is derived from their quoted market price. 
 C. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Derivative liabilities ) ) Cash equivalents Available for sale investments As of December 30, 2023 Derivative assets Derivative liabilities ) ) Cash equivalents Available for sale investments 
 Derivative assets and liabilities included in Level 2 represent foreign currency exchange forward and swap contracts, and interest rate derivative contracts. Cash equivalents included in Level 1 represent treasury bills and money market funds, while Level 2 represent certificates of deposit and commercial paper. Available for sale investments included in the Level 2 represent our investments in corporate bonds in Argentina. 
 We value our foreign currency exchange derivatives using models consistent with those used by a market participant that maximize the use of market observable inputs including forward prices for currencies. 
 We value our interest rate derivative contracts using a widely accepted discounted cash flow valuation methodology that reflects the contractual terms of each derivative, including the period to maturity. The methodology derives the fair values of the derivatives using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future cash payments and the discounted expected receipts. The inputs used in the calculation are based on observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves, implied volatilities and credit spreads. 
 We incorporate credit valuation adjustments, which consider the impact of any credit enhancements to the contracts, to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy 
 During the periods presented, there were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2, and Gates had no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million equity investment in a privately held company. Gates does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee and the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value. We elected to recognize the investment at its cost in accordance with ASC 321 Investments Equity Securities and will adjust the fair value of the investment if we identify any observable price changes in orderly transactions. 
 
 12. 2022 Dollar Term Loans due November 16, 2029 2021 Dollar Term Loans due November 16, 2029 Revolving credit facility Unsecured debt: Dollar Senior Notes due July 1, 2029 
 Dollar Senior Notes due January 16, 2026 
 Total principal of debt Deferred issuance costs ) ) Accrued interest Total carrying value of debt Debt, current portion Debt, less current portion 
 million under our revolving credit facility to partially fund the purchase of our ordinary shares under our 2024 share repurchase program, as discussed further in Note 15 below. During September 2024, we partially paid down the borrowings on the revolving credit facility and had a balance of million as of September 28, 2024. We had outstanding borrowings as of December 30, 2023. 
 On June 4, 2024, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement governing our term loan facilities and our secured revolving credit facility. As part of this amendment, we issued a new tranche of million of dollar-denominated term loans (the 2024 Dollar Term Loans and used the proceeds to extinguish the entire outstanding principal balance of dollar-denominated term loans of million, which was issued on February 24, 2021 (the 2021 Dollar Term Loans ), plus million of accrued interest. We issued the 2024 Dollar Term Loans with discount and incurred third party costs totaling approximately million, which have been deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the related borrowings using the effective interest method. The 2024 Dollar Term Loans require a prepayment premium in connection with certain repricing transactions occurring within nine months following the closing of the amendment. The repayment of our 2021 Dollar Term Loans resulted in the accelerated recognition of million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 basis points from Term SOFR plus to Term SOFR plus . Third party costs of million incurred with the 2022 Dollar Term Loans repricing were recognized in interest expense. 
 Additionally, in connection with the amendment to our credit agreement, we increased borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility from million to million and extended the maturity from November 18, 2026 to the date that is the earliest of (x) June 4, 2029 and (y) April 1, 2029, if greater than million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Unsecured Notes (as defined below) are outstanding. We incurred associated third party costs of approximately million, which have been deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the revolving credit facility. Concurrently with this amendment, we terminated the million asset-backed revolving credit facility governed by the second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of November 18, 2021. The termination of our asset-backed revolving credit facility resulted in the accelerated recognition of million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 On June 4, 2024, we also issued new unsecured senior notes of million (the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes ), and fully redeemed our existing unsecured senior notes due 2026 of million aggregate principal amount (the 2019 Unsecured Senior Notes ), which included the payment of million of accrued interest thereon. We issued the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes with discount and incurred third party costs of approximately million, which have been deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes using the effective interest method. The redemption of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Notes resulted in the accelerated recognition of million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 During February 2024, we made a voluntary principal debt repayment of million against our 2021 Dollar Term Loans. As a result of this repayment, we accelerated the recognition of million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 During May 2023, we drew million under our former asset-backed revolving credit facility to partially fund the purchase of shares under our 2023 share repurchase program. During fiscal year 2023 we paid down the borrowings on the asset-backed revolver and had no outstanding borrowings as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. As of December 30, 2023, the letters of credit outstanding under this facility were million. As discussed above, this facility was terminated on June 4, 2024. 
 Dollar Term Loans 
 Our secured credit facilities consist of loans, which include the 2024 Dollar Term Loans and the 2022 Dollar Term Loans described above. These term loan facilities bear interest at a floating rate, at our option, at either a base rate as defined in the credit agreement plus an applicable margin, or Term SOFR plus an applicable margin. 
 The 2024 Dollar Term Loans interest rate is currently Term SOFR, subject to a floor of , plus a margin of , and as of September 28, 2024, borrowings under this facility bore interest at a rate of per annum. The interest rate is currently re-set on the last business day of each month based on the election of one month interest periods. The 2024 Dollar Term Loans mature on June 4, 2031. 
 The 2022 Dollar Term Loans interest rate as of September 28, 2024 was Term SOFR, subject to a floor of , plus a margin of , and as of September 28, 2024, borrowings under this facility bore interest at a rate of per annum. The 2022 Dollar Term Loans interest rate is currently re-set on the last business day of each month based on the election of one month interest periods. The 2022 Dollar Term Loans mature on November 16, 2029. 
 The 2022 Dollar Term Loans and the 2024 Dollar Term Loans are subject to quarterly amortization payments of , based on the original principal amount less certain repayments with the balance payable on maturity. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we made amortization payments against the 2021 Dollar Term Loans, the 2024 Dollar Term Loans and the 2022 Dollar Term Loans of million, and million, respectively. 
 Under the terms of the credit agreement, we are obliged to offer annually to the term loan lenders an excess cash flow amount as defined under the credit agreement, based on the preceding year s final results. Based on our 2023 results, the leverage ratio as defined under the credit agreement was below the threshold above which payments are required, and therefore no excess cash flow payment is required to be made in 2024. 
 Gates Corporation, a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Gates Industrial Holdco Limited (the parent guarantor and direct subsidiary of Gates Industrial Corporation plc), is the principal obligor under the term loans for U.S. federal income tax purposes and makes the payments due on the term loans. As a result, interest received by lenders of this tranche of debt is U.S. source income. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million of 2024 Senior Notes outstanding that were issued on June 4, 2024. The 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes are scheduled to mature on July 1, 2029 and bear interest at an annual fixed rate of with semi-annual interest payments. 
 July 1, 2027 July 1, 2028 and thereafter 
 Additionally, net cash proceeds from an equity offering can be utilized at any time prior to July 1. 2026, to redeem up to of the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest through to the redemption date. 
 Upon the occurrence of specified types of change of control or of certain qualifying asset sales, the holders of the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes will have the right to require us to make an offer to repurchase each holder's notes at a price equal to (in the case of a change of control offer) or (in the case of an asset sale offer) of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 As noted above, on June 4, 2024, we redeemed all million in aggregate principal amount of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Notes. 
 Revolving credit facility 
 We have a secured revolving credit facility that provides for multi-currency revolving loans. On June 4, 2024, we amended the credit agreement governing this facility to increase the size of the facility from million to million, and extended the maturity date from November 18, 2026 to the date that is the earliest of (x) June 4, 2029 and (y) April 1, 2029, if greater than million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes are outstanding. This facility also includes a letter of credit sub-facility of million. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had a balance of million under the revolving credit facility following a draw in August 2024 to facilitate the share repurchase transactions discussed further in Note 15. As of December 30, 2023, there were drawings for cash under the revolving credit facility. The letters of credit outstanding under this facility were million and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Debt under the revolving credit facility bears interest at a floating rate, at our option, at either a base rate as defined in the credit agreement plus an applicable margin or the reference rate plus an applicable margin. 
 In addition, Gates had other outstanding performance bonds, letters of credit and bank guarantees amounting t o million as of September 28, 2024, compared to million as of December 30, 2023. 
 
 13. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Reported outside of operating income: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net amortization of prior period losses (gains) ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) Cash Contributions 
 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in millions) 
 Pensions 
 Other post-retirement benefits Total 
 Pensions 
 Other post-retirement benefits Total 
 Reported in operating income: Employer service cost Reported outside of operating income: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net amortization of prior period losses (gains) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) Cash Contributions 
 The components of the above net periodic benefit cost (income) for pensions and other post-retirement benefits that are reported outside of operating income are all included in the other (income) expense line in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 For 2024 as a whole, we expect to contribute approximately million to our defined benefit pension plans and approximately million to our other post-retirement benefit plans. 
 
 14. 
 million and million, respectively, compared to million and million, respectively, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 years from the grant date, subject to the participant continuing to provide service to Gates on the vesting date. Tier II, III and IV options vested, if at all, on achievement of specified investment returns by certain investment funds affiliated with Blackstone Inc. Blackstone at the time of a defined liquidity event, which was also subject to the participant s continued provision of service to Gates on the vesting date. The performance conditions associated with Tiers II, III and IV must have been achieved on or prior to July 3, 2022 in order for vesting to occur. All the options expire after the date of grant. 
 During March 2022, a liquidity event as defined occurred following the sale by Blackstone of a certain portion of their interest in Gates and the Tier II and IV options vested as the specified investment returns related to these options had been met. On July 3, 2022, the performance period for the Tier III options expired and, as the specified investment returns were not achieved, all Tier III awards expired during fiscal year 2022. 
 Due to Chinese regulatory restrictions on foreign stock ownership, awards granted under this plan to Chinese employees have been issued as stock appreciation rights SARs ). The terms of these SARs are identical to those of the options described above with the exception that no share is issued on exercise; instead, cash equivalent to the increase in the value of the shares from the date of grant to the date of exercise is paid to the employee. These awards are therefore treated as liability awards under Topic 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation and are revalued to their fair value at each period end. The SARs include option awards with the same vesting terms as the Tier II, III and IV option awards described above. All Tier III SARs expired on July 3, 2022 as the specific performance hurdle was not achieved. 
 Changes in the awards granted under this plan are summarized in the tables below. 
 Awards issued under the Gates Industrial Corporation plc 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan 
 In conjunction with the initial public offering in January 2018, Gates adopted the 2018 Plan, which is a market-based long-term incentive program that allows for the issue of a variety of equity-based and cash-based awards, including stock options, SARs and restricted stock units RSUs ). 
 The SARs issued under this plan take the form of options, except that no share is issued on exercise; instead, cash equivalent to the increase in the value of the shares from the date of grant to the date of exercise is paid to the employee. These awards are therefore treated as liability awards under Topic 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation and are revalued to their fair value at each period end. The SARs and the majority of the share options issued under this plan vest evenly over either or from the grant date. Certain premium-priced options vested evenly over a period, starting from the grant date. All options vest subject to the participant s continued employment by Gates on the vesting date and expire after the date of grant. 
 The RSUs issued under the plan consist of time-vesting RSUs and performance-based RSUs PRSUs ). The time-vesting RSUs vest evenly over either one or from the date of grant, subject to the participant s continued provision of service to Gates on the vesting date. The PRSUs issued prior to 2022 provide that of the award will generally vest if Gates achieves a certain level of average annual adjusted return on invested capital as defined in the plan Adjusted ROIC and the remaining of the PRSUs will generally vest if Gates achieves certain relative total shareholder return Relative TSR goals, in each case, measured over a performance period and subject to the participant s continued employment through the end of the performance period. The total number of PRSUs that vest at the end of the performance period will range from to of the target based on actual performance against a pre-established scale. Starting in Fiscal 2022, the terms for PRSUs are identical, except that of the award will generally vest based on the specified Adjusted ROIC achievement and the remaining will generally vest based on Relative TSR goal attainment. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Tier II 2014 Plan Tier IV 2014 Plan SARs Both plans Share options 2018 Plan Premium-priced options 2018 Plan Granted during the period: SARs 2018 Plan Forfeited during the period: SARs 2018 Plan ) ) Expired during the period: SARs Both Plans ) Share options 2018 Plan ) ) Exercised during the period: Tier I 2014 Plan ) Tier II 2014 Plan ) Tier IV 2014 Plan ) SARs Both Plans ) Share options 2018 Plan ) ) Outstanding at the end of the period: Tier I 2014 Plan Tier II 2014 Plan Tier IV 2014 Plan SARs Both plans Share options 2018 Plan Premium-priced options 2018 Plan Exercisable at the end of the period Vested and expected to vest at the end of the period 
 As of September 28, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of options that were exercisable was million, and these options had a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. As of September 28, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of options that were vested or expected to vest was million, and these options had a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. 
 As of September 28, 2024, the unrecognized compensation charge relating to the nonvested options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million and million was received in relation to the exercise of vested options, respectively, compared to million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 was million and million, respectively, compared to and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 PRSUs Granted during the period: RSUs PRSUs Forfeited during the period: RSUs ) PRSUs ) ) Vested during the period: RSUs ) PRSUs ) ) Outstanding at the end of the period: RSUs PRSUs 
 As of September 28, 2024, the unrecognized compensation charge relating to unvested RSUs and PRSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years, subject, where relevant, to the achievement of the performance conditions described above. The total fair value of RSUs and PRSUs vested during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 was million and million, respectively, compared to million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs PRSUs Inputs to the model: Expected volatility SARs Expected volatility PRSUs Expected option life for SARs (years) Risk-free interest rate: SARs PRSUs 
 
 15. 
 Exercise of share options Vesting of restricted stock units, net of withholding taxes Shares repurchased and cancelled ) ) Balance as of the end of the period 
 In February 2024, the Company s Board approved a share repurchase program for up to million in authorized share repurchases, with an expiration date of October 6, 2024. On February 12, 2024, the Company, certain selling shareholders affiliated with Blackstone, and the representatives of the several underwriters entered into an underwriting agreement pursuant to which the selling shareholders sold to the underwriters ordinary shares of the Company at a price of per ordinary share (the February 2024 Offering ). The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares in the February 2024 Offering, which closed on February 16, 2024. In connection with the February 2024 Offering, the Company repurchased ordinary shares through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. from the same selling shareholders at a price of per ordinary share for an aggregate consideration of approximately million (the February 2024 Repurchase ), plus costs paid directly related to the transaction of million. This repurchase was funded by cash on hand. All shares repurchased pursuant to the February 2024 Repurchase have been cancelled. 
 In July 2024, the Company s Board cancelled the then existing share repurchase program and approved a new share repurchase program, providing for up to million in share repurchases, which expires on December 31, 2025. On August 16, 2024, the Company, certain selling shareholders affiliated with Blackstone, and the representatives of the several underwriters entered into an underwriting agreement pursuant to which the selling shareholders sold to the underwriters ordinary shares of the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 per ordinary share (the August 2024 Offering ). The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares in the August 2024 Offering, which closed on August 21, 2024. In connection with the August 2024 Offering, the Company repurchased ordinary shares through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. from the same selling shareholders at a price of per ordinary share for an aggregate consideration of approximately million (the August 2024 Repurchase ), plus costs paid directly related to the transaction of million. This repurchase was funded by cash on hand and a borrowing of million under Gates secured revolving credit facility. All shares repurchased pursuant to the August 2024 Repurchase were pending cancellation as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 16.) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges movements ) ) ) Post-retirement benefit movements ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) As of September 28, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (dollars in millions) 
 Post- retirement benefits Cumulative translation adjustment Cash flow hedges Accumulated OCI attributable to shareholders Non-controlling interests Accumulated OCI As of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Cash flow hedges movements Post-retirement benefit movements ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) As of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 17. 
 of our ordinary shares and such shares have a fair market value of less than million, or such earlier date as may be chosen by Blackstone. 
 As described in Note 15, in February 2024, the Company repurchased ordinary shares through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. from certain shareholders affiliated with Blackstone for an aggregate consideration of million, plus costs paid directly related to the transaction of million. In addition, during August 2024, the Company repurchased ordinary shares through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. from certain shareholders affiliated with Blackstone for an aggregate consideration of million, plus costs paid directly related to the transaction of million. 
 27 

Table of Contents ) ) ) 
 Amounts outstanding in respect of these transactions were payables of million as of September 28, 2024, compared to million as of December 30, 2023. dividends were received from our equity method investees during the periods presented. 
 C. Non-Gates entities controlled by non-controlling shareholders 
 Purchases ) ) ) ) 
 Amounts outstanding in respect of these transactions were as follows: (dollars in millions) 
 As of 
 September 28, 2024 
 As of 
 December 30, 2023 
 Receivables Payables ) ) 
 
 18. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Charge for the period Payments made ) ) Released during the period ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Balance as of the end of the period 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this quarterly report. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our annual report. 
 
 Our Company 
 We are a global manufacturer of innovative, highly engineered power transmission and fluid power solutions. We offer a broad portfolio of products to diverse replacement channel customers, and to OEM as specified components, with the majority of our revenue coming from replacement channels. Our products are used in applications across numerous end markets, including: automotive replacement and OEM; diversified industrial; industrial off-highway; industrial on-highway; and personal mobility. Our net sales have historically been, and remain, highly correlated with industrial activity and utilization, and not with any single end market given the diversification of our business and high exposure to replacement markets. We sell our products globally under the Gates brand, which is recognized by distributors, equipment manufacturers, installers and end users as a premium brand for quality and technological innovation; this reputation has been built over more than 110 years since Gates founding in 1911. 
 Within the diverse end markets we serve, our highly engineered products are often critical components in applications for which the cost of downtime is high relative to the cost of our products, resulting in the willingness of end users to pay a premium for superior performance and availability. These applications subject our products to normal wear and tear, resulting in natural, and often preventative, replacement cycles that drive high-margin, recurring revenue. Our product portfolio represents one of the broadest ranges of power transmission and fluid power products in the markets we serve, and we maintain long-standing relationships with a diversified group of well-known customers throughout the world. As a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered, mission-critical products, we have become an industry leader across most of our end markets and the regions in which we operate. 
 
 Business Trends 
 Our net sales have historically been, and remain, highly correlated with industrial activity and utilization and not with any single end market given the diversification of our business and high exposure to replacement channels. This diversification limits our exposure to trends in any given end market. In addition, a majority of our sales are generated from customers in replacement channels, who serve primarily a large base of installed equipment that follows a natural maintenance cycle that is somewhat less susceptible to various trends that affect our end markets. Such trends include infrastructure investment and construction activity, agricultural production and related commodity prices, commercial and passenger vehicle production, miles driven and fleet age, evolving regulatory requirements related to emissions and fuel economy and oil and gas prices and production. Key indicators of our performance include industrial production, industrial sales and manufacturer shipments. 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, sales into replacement channels accounted for approximately 67 of our total net sales. Our replacement sales cover a very broad range of applications and industries and, accordingly, are highly correlated with industrial activity and utilization and not a single end market. Replacement products are principally sold through distribution partners that may carry a very broad line of products or may specialize in products associated with a smaller set of end market applications. 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, sales into OEM channels accounted for approximately 33 of our total net sales. OEM sales are to a variety of industrial and automotive customers. Our industrial OEM customers cover a diverse range of industries and applications and many of our largest OEM customers manufacture construction and agricultural equipment. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, demands from industrial OEM channels softened while our enterprise initiatives and the favorable mix of replacement channel sales to OEM channel sales improved our profitability. We are continuing to manage our inventory position for the balance of the year to support exceptional customer service and position us for growth in 2025. As the industrial markets stabilize, we expect that our ongoing execution of enterprise initiatives and incremental new business investments will enable us to improve profitability and drive higher organic growth over the long term. 
 Global conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and sanctions and counter-sanctions imposed in response, created increased economic uncertainty and operational complexity both in Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA and globally, the impacts of which we cannot fully predict. Gates had a single distribution center in Russia that sold primarily to customers based in Russia. In early July 2022, we suspended our operations in Russia. As of September 28, 2024, we deconsolidated the Russian subsidiary upon loss of control and recognized a deconsolidation loss of 12.8 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 Results for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Summary Gates Performance Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 830.7 872.9 2,578.8 2,706.9 Cost of sales 494.9 529.5 1,555.6 1,685.7 Gross profit 335.8 343.4 1,023.2 1,021.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 219.9 213.4 649.9 666.2 Transaction-related expenses 0.5 1.3 2.1 2.1 Asset impairments 0.1 0.1 Restructuring expenses 2.2 2.6 5.0 10.3 Other operating expenses 0.1 0.1 0.2 Operating income from continuing operations 113.2 125.9 366.1 342.3 Interest expense 35.1 39.5 121.7 124.8 Loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary 12.8 12.8 Other (income) expenses (3.9) (0.2) (8.5) 3.8 Income from continuing operations before taxes 69.2 86.6 240.1 213.7 Income tax expense 14.0 1.0 60.8 25.9 Net income from continuing operations 55.2 85.6 179.3 187.8 Net income from continuing operations margin (1) 
 6.6 9.8 7.0 6.9 Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 182.5 189.4 580.3 561.2 Adjusted EBITDA margin (2) 
 22.0 21.7 22.5 20.7 
 (1) Net income from continuing operations expressed as a percentage of net sales. 
 (2) See Non-GAAP Measures for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income from continuing operations, the closest comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods presented. 
 Net sales 
 Net sales during the three months ended September 28, 2024 were 830.7 million, compared to 872.9 million during the prior year period, a decrease of 4.8 , or 42.2 million, driven primarily by the impact of lower sales volume, partially offset by a 10.0 million benefit from pricing. Our net sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were adversely impacted by movements in average currency exchange rates of 8.8 million compared to the prior year period, principally due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against a number of currencies, in particular the Mexican Peso and Brazilian Real. As such, core sales decreased by 33.4 million, or 3.8 , during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The overall decline in core sales was primarily driven by a 15.0 decline in sales to our industrial OEM channel for the three months ended September 28, 2024, primarily in North America and EMEA. The industrial sales decline was primarily driven by construction, agriculture, and personal mobility end markets for the three months ended September 28, 2024. Sales to our automotive OEM channel declined during the three months ended September 28, 2024, partially offset by a 2.9 sales increase to our automotive replacement channel, primarily in EMEA. 
 Net sales during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were 2,578.8 million, compared to 2,706.9 million during the prior year period, a decrease of 4.7 , or 128.1 million, driven primarily by the impact of lower sales volume, partially offset by a 34.3 million benefit from pricing. Our net sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were adversely impacted by movements in average currency exchange rates of 24.7 million compared to the prior year period, principally due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against a number of currencies, in particular the Turkish Lira, Japanese Yen, and Chinese Renminbi. As such, core sales decreased by 103.4 million, or 3.8 , during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. 
 The overall decline in core sales was primarily driven by an 8.2 decrease of sales to our industrial customers for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, particularly in North America and EMEA. Personal mobility, agriculture and construction drove most of the decline, with decreases of 30.1 , 13.5 and 8.5 , respectively, during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 494.9 million, compared to 529.5 million for the prior year period, a decrease of 6.5 , or 34.6 million. This decrease was primarily attributable to a combined impact of lower volumes and enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance. Favorable movements in average currency exchange rates further contributed a decrease of 5.8 million. The decrease was partially offset by higher inflation-related costs. 
 Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 1,555.6 million, compared to 1,685.7 million for the prior year period, a decrease of 7.7 , or 130.1 million. The decrease was primarily attributable to a combined impact of lower volumes and enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and 19.1 million due to favorable movements in average currency exchange rates, partially offset by higher inflation-related costs. 
 Gross profit 
 As a result of the factors described above, gross profit for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 335.8 million, compared to 343.4 million for the prior year period, a decrease of 2.2 or 7.6 million. Our gross profit margin improved by 110 basis points to 40.4 for the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 As a result of the factors described above, gross profit for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 1,023.2 million, compared to 1,021.2 million for the prior year period, an increase of 0.2 or 2.0 million. Our gross profit margin improved by 200 basis points to 39.7 for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were 219.9 million compared to 213.4 million for the prior year period. This increase of 6.5 million was driven primarily by the 3.1 million increase in stock compensation expense, increased outbound freight and warranty expenses, partially offset by a decrease in labor and benefit expense of 4.3 million. 
 SG A expenses for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were 649.9 million compared to 666.2 million for the prior year period. This decrease of 16.3 million was primarily attributable to an 11.5 million charge related to the credit loss due to a customer bankruptcy incurred during the prior year period. The decrease was further driven by the 7.1 million gain from disposal of property, plant and equipment, and higher corporate-owned life insurance related income, partially offset by increased outbound freight and warranty costs. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction-related expenses 
 Transaction-related expenses of 0.5 million and 2.1 million were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Transaction expenses for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily related to the secondary offering completed during August 2024. Transaction expenses for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were primarily related to the debt refinancing that occurred in June 2024, the secondary offerings completed in both February and August 2024, and certain other corporate transactions. Transaction-related expenses of 1.3 million and 2.1 million were incurred during the prior year three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related primarily to the fees for amending the New Dollar Term Loans in October 2023 and certain other corporate transactions. 
 Restructuring expenses 
 Restructuring and other strategic initiatives during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 1.0 million and 2.5 million, respectively, of costs related to the relocation of certain production activities in Mexico. During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we also incurred severance costs of 1.0 million related to the consolidation of production activities across certain North American plants. Other restructuring costs incurred during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 included legal and consulting expenses, and costs associated with prior period facility closures or relocations in several countries. 
 Restructuring and other strategic initiatives during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to severance and other non-labor costs related to relocating certain production activities in China, Mexico and Europe. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we also incurred additional non-severance labor and benefit costs of 0.3 million related to relocation and integration of certain support functions into our regional shared service center in Europe. Other restructuring costs incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to legal and consulting expenses, as well as costs associated with prior period facility closures or relocations in several countries. 
 Interest expense 
 Our interest expense was as follows: Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Debt: 
 Dollar Term Loans 21.9 26.9 69.4 87.5 Dollar Senior Notes 
 8.5 8.7 26.1 26.6 Revolving credit facility 1.0 1.8 30.4 36.6 95.5 115.9 Amortization of deferred issuance costs 
 1.7 2.3 21.8 6.7 Other interest expense 
 3.0 0.6 4.4 2.2 35.1 39.5 121.7 124.8 
 Details of our long-term debt are presented in Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. Interest on debt decreased by 4.4 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 when compared to the equivalent prior year period, primarily due to the favorable impact of derivatives and lower interest rates applicable on the floating rate Dollar Term Loans. Interest on debt decreased by 3.1 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 when compared to the equivalent prior year period. Interest expenses on the principal amount of debt decreased for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 primarily due to favorable impact of derivatives and lower interest rates applicable on the floating rate Dollar Term Loans. Amortization of deferred issuance costs during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 increased by 15.1 million, primarily due to the accelerated amortization of 14.8 million of deferred issuance costs related to the debt refinancing that occurred in June 2024 and the accelerated amortization of 1.0 million due to the 100.0 million repayment against our 2021 Dollar Term Loans in February 2024. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Other (income) expenses 
 Our other (income) expense was as follows: Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest income on bank deposits (2.8) (4.0) (11.2) (9.2) Foreign currency (gain) loss on net debt and hedging instruments (1.9) (1.4) (7.0) 1.5 Net adjustments related to post-retirement benefits (0.6) (0.7) (1.9) (2.2) Foreign currency loss on hyperinflation remeasurement 1.4 3.7 6.0 8.5 Other 2.2 5.6 5.2 (3.9) (0.2) (8.5) 3.8 
 Other (income) expenses for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were income of 3.9 million and 8.5 million, respectively, compared to income of 0.2 million and expenses of 3.8 million, respectively, in the prior year periods. These changes were primarily driven by the impact of net movements in foreign currency exchange rates on net debt and hedging instruments and foreign currency remeasurement loss related to translation adjustments for entities that operate in highly inflationary economies, specifically Argentina and T rkiye, for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. The change was also attributed to the increased interest income on our bank deposits for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. 
 Income tax expense 
 We compute the year-to-date income tax provision by applying our estimated annual effective tax rate to our year-to-date pre-tax income and adjust for discrete tax items in the period in which they occur. 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, we had income tax expense of 14.0 million on pre-tax income of 69.2 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 20.2 , compared to an income tax expense of 1.0 million on pre-tax income of 86.6 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 1.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, the effective tax rate was driven primarily by net discrete tax benefits of 7.8 million, of which 6.5 million related to changes in the realizability of certain deferred tax assets, primarily related to U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards, 3.2 million of discrete tax benefit related to the loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary, offset by 1.9 million of other net discrete tax expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate was driven primarily by net discrete tax benefits of 11.0 million, of which 12.9 million related to unrecognized tax benefits due to audit closures, offset by 1.9 million of other net discrete tax expenses. 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we had an income tax expense of 60.8 million on pre-tax income of 240.1 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 25.3 , compared to an income tax expense of 25.9 million on pre-tax income of 213.7 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 12.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we had net discrete tax benefits of 8.3 million, of which 13.8 million related to unrecognized tax benefits due to audit closures and 3.2 million discrete tax benefit from a loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary, offset by 3.4 million of uncertain tax benefit interest accrual, 4.2 million of net discrete expense related to changes in the realizability of certain deferred tax assets and 1.1 million of other net discrete tax expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate was driven primarily by discrete benefits of 11.0 million, of which 12.9 million related to unrecognized tax benefits due to audit closures, offset by 1.9 million of other net discrete tax expenses. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Numerous foreign jurisdictions, including the U.K., have enacted or are in the process of enacting legislation to adopt a minimum effective tax rate described in the Global Anti-Base Erosion, or Pillar Two, model rules issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD. Under such rules, a minimum effective tax rate of 15 would apply to multinational companies with consolidated revenue above 750 million. Under the Pillar Two rules, a company would be required to determine a combined effective tax rate for all entities located in a jurisdiction. If the jurisdictional effective tax rate determined under the Pillar Two rules is less than 15 , a top-up tax will be due to bring the jurisdictional effective tax rate up to 15 . We are continuing to monitor the pending implementation of Pillar Two by individual countries and the potential effects of Pillar Two on our business. In response to the expected implementation of Pillar Two in 2024, we took steps in 2023 to mitigate cash tax impacts of Pillar Two that had the effect of increasing our estimated annual effective tax rate by three to five percentage points starting from 2024. 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences arising from differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities under U.S. GAAP and their respective tax bases, and for net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets, weighing all positive and negative evidence, and are required to establish or maintain a valuation allowance for these assets if we determine that it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 As of each reporting date, we consider new evidence, both positive and negative, that could impact our view with regard to the future realization of deferred tax assets. We will maintain our positions with regard to future realization of deferred tax assets, including those with respect to which we continue maintaining valuation allowances, until there is sufficient new evidence to support a change in expectations. Such a change in expectations could arise due to many factors, including those impacting our forecasts of future earnings, as well as changes in the international tax laws under which we operate and tax planning. It is not reasonably possible to forecast any such changes at the present time, but it is possible that, should they arise, our view of their effect on the future realization of deferred tax assets may materially impact our financial statements. 
 After weighing all of the evidence, giving more weight to the evidence that was objectively verifiable, we determined during the three months ended September 28, 2024 that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets in the U.S. totaling 6.9 million are realizable. Accordingly, we recognized 5.7 million of discrete benefit, while the remaining 1.2 million is recognized as part of the annual effective tax rate. As a result of changes in estimates of future taxable profits against which the foreign tax credits can be utilized, our judgment changed regarding valuation allowances on these deferred tax assets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 182.5 million, compared to 189.4 million in the prior year period, a decrease of 3.6 or 6.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 22.0 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, a 30 basis point increase from the prior year period margin of 21.7 . The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was largely the result of lower volumes and adverse impacts of movements in average currency exchange rates, partially offset by enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and pricing. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 580.3 million, compared to 561.2 million in the prior year period, an increase of 3.4 or 19.1 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 22.5 for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, a 180 basis point improvement from the prior year period Adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.7 . The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was largely the result of enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and pricing, and favorable mix of replacement channel sales to OEM channel sales, partially offset by lower volumes. 
 For a reconciliation of net income from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods presented and the calculation of the Adjusted EBITDA margin, see Non-GAAP Measures. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis by Operating Segment 
 Power Transmission (61.8 and 61.6 , respectively, of Gates net sales for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024) Three months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Period over period change Net sales 
 513.4 536.4 (4.3 Adjusted EBITDA 
 113.0 116.5 (3.0 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 22.0 21.7 
 Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Period over period change Net sales 
 1,588.1 1,658.4 (4.2 Adjusted EBITDA 
 355.8 343.2 3.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 22.4 20.7 
 Net sales in Power Transmission for the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased by 4.3 , or 23.0 million, compared to the prior year period, driven primarily by a decrease in volume, partially offset by a 4.5 million benefit from pricing. Our net sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were adversely impacted by movements in average currency exchange rates of 5.4 million. As such, core sales decreased by 3.3 , or 17.6 million, compared to the prior year period, 
 Net sales in Power Transmission for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased by 4.2 , or 70.3 million, compared to the prior year period, driven primarily by a decrease in volume, partially offset by an 18.8 million benefit from pricing. Our net sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were adversely impacted by movements in average currency exchange rates of 23.5 million. As such, core sales decreased by 2.8 , or 46.8 million, compared to the prior year period. 
 Power Transmission s core sales to industrial customers decreased by 5.7 and 7.1 during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. Industrial OEM sales declined by 11.7 and 16.2 , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period, particularly in North America and EMEA. Sales to our industrial replacement customers slightly declined by 1.3 for the three months ended September 28, 2024. While most industrial end markets experienced sales decline, personal mobility had the most significant impact, which declined by 17.6 and 31.8 , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. Sales to our automotive channel during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 remained relatively consistent with the prior year period, with decreasing demands from automotive OEM channel partially offset by automotive replacement sales growth. 
 Power Transmission Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased by 3.0 , or 3.5 million, compared to the prior year period, driven primarily by lower volumes and movements in average currency exchange rates, partially offset by enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and pricing. As a result, Adjusted EBITDA margin was 22.0 , a 30 basis point improvement from the prior year period. 
 Power Transmission Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 increased by 3.7 , or 12.6 million, compared to the prior year period. This increase was driven primarily by enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and pricing, partially offset by lower volumes and higher inflation related costs. The increase resulted in an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.4 , a 170 basis point improvement compared to the prior year period. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Fluid Power (38.2 and 38.4 , respectively, of Gates net sales for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024) Three months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Period over period change Net sales 
 317.3 336.5 (5.7 Adjusted EBITDA 
 69.5 72.9 (4.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 21.9 21.7 
 Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Period over period change Net sales 
 990.7 1,048.5 (5.5 Adjusted EBITDA 
 224.5 218.0 3.0 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 22.7 20.8 
 Net sales in Fluid Power for the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased by 5.7 , or 19.2 million, compared to the prior year period, driven primarily by a decrease in volume, partially offset by a 5.5 million benefit from pricing. Our net sales were adversely impacted by movements in average currency exchange rates of 3.4 million. As such, core sales decreased by 4.7 , or 15.8 million, compared to the prior year period. 
 Net sales in Fluid Power for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased by 5.5 , or 57.8 million, compared to the prior year period, driven primarily by a decrease in volume, partially offset by a 15.5 million benefit from pricing. Our net sales were adversely impacted by movements in average currency exchange rates of 1.2 million. As such, core sales decreased by 5.4 , or 56.6 million, compared to the prior year period. 
 Fluid Power s core sales to our industrial channel declined by 7.6 , while sales to our automotive channel increased by 4.5 during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year period. The decline in the industrial channel was primarily attributed to North America and EMEA, with construction and agriculture driving most of the sales decline of 10.3 and 14.2 , respectively, during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to prior year period. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the decline of Fluid Power s core sales was primarily attributable to a 9.0 decrease in the industrial channel sales compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by agriculture, construction, and energy end markets. The decline in industrial sales was partially offset by a 7.3 increase in automotive sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, primarily from North America and EMEA. 
 Fluid Power Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased by 4.7 , or 3.4 million, compared to the prior year period, driven primarily by lower volumes, partially offset by enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and pricing. As a result, the Adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.9 , a 20 basis point improvement from the prior year period. 
 Fluid Power Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 increased by 3.0 , or 6.5 million, compared to the prior year period. This increase was driven primarily by enterprise initiatives that favorably impacted manufacturing performance and pricing, partially offset by lower volumes, resulting in an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.7 , a 190 basis points improvement compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Treasury Responsibilities and Philosophy 
 Our primary liquidity and capital resource needs are for working capital, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, share repurchases, facility expansions and acquisitions. We expect to finance our future cash requirements with cash on hand, cash flows from operations and, where necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. We have historically relied on our cash flow from operations and various debt and equity financings for liquidity. 
 From time to time, we enter into currency derivative contracts to manage currency transaction exposures. Similarly, from time to time, we may enter into interest rate derivatives to maintain the desired mix of floating and fixed rate debt. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 As market conditions warrant, we and/or Blackstone may from time to time seek to repurchase securities that we have issued or loans that we have borrowed in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. Subject to any applicable limitations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, any such purchases may be funded by existing cash or by incurring new secured or unsecured debt, including borrowings under our credit facilities. The amounts involved in any such purchase transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. Any such purchases may relate to a substantial amount of a particular tranche of debt, with a corresponding reduction, where relevant, in the trading liquidity of that debt. In addition, any such purchases made at prices below the adjusted issue price (as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) may result in taxable cancellation of indebtedness income to us, which may be material, and result in related adverse tax consequences to us. 
 It is our policy to retain sufficient liquidity throughout the capital expenditure cycle to maintain our financial flexibility. We do not have any meaningful debt maturities until 2029; however, we regularly evaluate market conditions, our liquidity profile, and various financing alternatives for opportunities to enhance our capital structure, and may refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We do not anticipate any material long-term deterioration in our overall liquidity position in the foreseeable future, and believe that we have adequate liquidity and capital resources for the next twelve months. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 188.7 million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to cash provided by operating activities of 291.7 million during the prior year period, driven primarily by 119.8 million in trade working capital movement compared to the prior year period and an increase of 17.6 million in income taxes paid, partially offset by a decrease of 21.1 million interest paid compared to the prior year period. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 80.3 million, compared to 58.0 million in the prior year period. The increase of cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by increased capital expenditures of 26.1 million, a 12.5 million cash derecognition from the deconsolidation of our Russian subsidiary, and higher investment purchases of 11.3 million. The increase in cash used in investing activities was partially offset by a 17.4 million decrease in net cash paid under company-owned life insurance policies, and 10.2 million additional proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 253.5 million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 241.7 million in the prior year period. Current year outflows were primarily related to the 1,917.0 million debt repayment partially offset by the inflows of 1,840.0 million related to new debt issuance, 176.1 million paid to acquire shares under our share repurchase program, including shares repurchased through an intermediary from Blackstone as further described in Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, and 20.5 million payments related to debt issuance costs. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Indebtedness 
 Our long-term debt, consisting principally of secured term loans and the U.S. dollar denominated unsecured senior notes, was as follows: Carrying amount Principal amount (dollars in millions) 
 As of 
 September 28, 2024 
 As of 
 December 30, 2023 
 As of 
 September 28, 2024 
 As of 
 December 30, 2023 
 Secured debt: 2024 Dollar Term Loans due June 4, 2031 1,293.7 1,300.0 2022 Dollar Term Loans due November 16, 2029 550.4 547.8 564.9 567.8 2021 Dollar Term Loans due November 16, 2029 1,322.5 1,336.1 Revolving credit facility 30.0 30.0 Unsecured debt: 6.875 Dollar Senior Notes due July 1, 2029 
 503.6 500.0 6.250 Dollar Senior Notes due January 16, 2026 
 581.2 568.0 2,377.7 2,451.5 2,394.9 2,471.9 
 
 We refer to the term loans denominated in U.S. dollars as the Dollar Term Loans and the unsecured senior notes denominated in U.S. dollars as the Dollar Senior Notes . The Dollar Term Loans that were issued on February 24, 2021 are referred to as the 2021 Dollar Term Loans , which were extinguished on June 4, 2024. The new tranche of dollar term loans that were issued on June 4, 2024 are referred to as the 2024 Dollar Term Loans , and the Dollar Term Loans that were issued on November 16, 2022 and repriced on June 4, 2024 are referred to as the 2022 Dollar Term Loans. Details of our long-term debt are presented in Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report. 
 Debt issuances and redemptions 
 During August 2024, we drew 40.0 million under our revolving credit facility to partially fund the purchase of our ordinary shares under our 2024 share repurchase program, as discussed further in Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report. During September 2024, we partially paid down the borrowings on the revolving credit facility and had a balance of 30.0 million as of September 28, 2024. 
 On June 4, 2024, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement governing our term loan facilities and our secured revolving credit facility. As part of this amendment, we issued new 2024 Dollar Term Loans and used the proceeds to extinguish the entire outstanding principal balance of the 2021 Dollar Term Loans plus 1.1 million of accrued interest. We issued the 2024 Dollar Term Loans with no discount and incurred third party costs totaling approximately 9.5 million, which have been deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the related borrowings using the effective interest method. The 2024 Dollar Term Loans require a prepayment premium in connection with certain repricing transactions occurring within nine months following the closing of the amendment. The repayment of our 2021 Dollar Term Loans resulted in the accelerated recognition of 11.2 million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 On June 4, 2024, we also issued new Dollar Senior Notes of 500.0 million, and fully redeemed our existing Dollar Senior Notes due 2026 of 568.0 million aggregate principal amount, which included the payment of 13.7 million of accrued interest thereon. We issued the new Dollar Senior Notes with no discount and incurred third party costs of approximately 7.6 million, which have been deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the new Dollar Senior Notes using the effective interest method. The redemption of our existing Dollar Senior Notes resulted in the accelerated recognition of 2.6 million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 During February 2024, we made a voluntary principal debt repayment of 100.0 million against our 2021 Dollar Term Loans. As a result of this repayment, we accelerated the recognition of 1.0 million of deferred issuance costs (recognized in interest expense). 
 During May 2023, we drew 100.0 million under our asset-backed revolving credit facility to partially fund the purchase of shares under our 2023 share repurchase program. During fiscal 2023, we paid down the borrowings on the asset-backed revolver and had no remaining outstanding balance as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Dollar Term Loan credit agreement amendments 
 On June 4, 2024, we amended the 2022 Dollar Term Loans interest rate to be, at our option, either Term SOFR, subject to a floor of 0.50 , plus a margin of 2.25 per annum, or the base rate, subject to a 1.50 per annum floor, plus 1.50 per annum. 
 On June 4, 2024, in connection with the amendment to our credit agreement, we increased borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility from 250.0 million to 500.0 million and extended the maturity from November 18, 2026 to the date that is the earliest of (x) June 4, 2029 and (y) April 1, 2029, if greater than 500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Unsecured Senior Notes are outstanding. We incurred associated third party costs of approximately 2.5 million, which have been deferred and will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the revolving credit facility. Concurrently with this amendment, we terminated the 250.0 million asset-backed revolving credit facility governed by the second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of November 18, 2021. 
 On October 10, 2023, we amended the 2022 Dollar Term Loans interest rate to be, at our option, either Term SOFR, subject to a floor of 0.50 , plus a margin of 3.00 per annum, or the base rate, subject to a 1.50 per annum floor, plus 2.00 per annum. 
 On March 1, 2023, we amended the 2021 Dollar Term Loans, revolving credit facility and asset-backed revolver, which bore interests at LIBOR plus an applicable margin. The amendments modified the reference rates for borrowings in dollar from LIBOR to Term SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable. For further information on the facilities, see Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report. 
 Non-guarantor subsidiaries 
 The majority of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries are guarantors of the senior secured credit facilities. 
 For the twelve months ended September 28, 2024, before intercompany eliminations, our non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 75 of our net sales and 72 of our EBITDA as defined in the financial covenants attaching to the senior secured credit facilities. As of September 28, 2024, before intercompany eliminations, our non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 66 of our total assets and approximately 27 of our total liabilities. 
 Borrowing Headroom 
 On June 4, 2024, we extinguished our asset-backed revolving credit facility as discussed further in Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report. In connection with the amendment to our credit agreement, we increased borrowing capacity under our secured revolving credit facility that provides for multi-currency revolving loans from 250.0 million to 500.0 million and extended the maturity from November 18, 2026 to June 4, 2029. The letters of credit outstanding under this facility were 28.8 million as of September 28, 2024. As of September 28, 2024, drawings for cash under the revolving credit facility totaled 30.0 million. 
 In total, our committed borrowing headroom was 441.2 million, in addition to cash and cash equivalents balances of 574.4 million. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure that represents net income or loss from continuing operations for the period before the impact of income taxes, net interest and other expenses, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is widely used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate the profitability of companies. EBITDA eliminates potential differences in performance caused by variations in capital structures (affecting net finance costs), tax positions (such as the availability of net operating losses against which to relieve taxable profits), the cost and age of tangible assets (affecting relative depreciation expense) and the extent to which intangible assets are identifiable (affecting relative amortization expense). 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Management uses Adjusted EBITDA as its key profitability measure. This is a non-GAAP measure that represents EBITDA before certain items that are considered to hinder comparison of the performance of our businesses on a period-over-period basis or with other businesses. We use Adjusted EBITDA as our measure of segment profitability to assess the performance of our businesses, and it is used for total Gates as well because we believe it is important to consider our profitability on a basis that is consistent with that of our operating segments, as well as that of our peer companies with a similar leveraged, private equity ownership history. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA should, therefore, be made available to securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to assist in their assessment of the performance of our businesses. 
 During the periods presented, the items excluded from EBITDA in computing Adjusted EBITDA primarily included: 
 loss on deconsolidation of previously controlled subsidiary; 
 non-cash charges in relation to share-based compensation; 
 transaction-related expenses incurred in relation to major corporate transactions, including the acquisition of businesses and related integration activities, and equity and debt transactions; 
 restructuring expenses, including severance-related expenses; 
 credit loss related to a customer bankruptcy; 
 cybersecurity incident expenses; and 
 inventory adjustments related to certain inventories accounted for on a LIFO basis. 
 Differences exist among our businesses and from period to period in the extent to which their respective employees receive share-based compensation or a charge for such compensation is recognized. We therefore exclude from Adjusted EBITDA the non-cash charges in relation to share-based compensation in order to assess the relative performance of our businesses. 
 We exclude from Adjusted EBITDA acquisition-related costs that are required to be expensed in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We also exclude costs associated with major corporate transactions because we do not believe that they relate to our performance. Other items are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA because they are individually or collectively significant items that are not considered to be representative of the underlying performance of our businesses. During the periods presented, we excluded loss on the deconsolidation of a previously controlled subsidiary reflecting management s determination that the Company is unable to manage and control its Russian subsidiary; restructuring expenses and severance-related expenses that reflect specific, strategic actions taken by management to shutdown, downsize, or otherwise fundamentally reorganize areas of Gates business; expenses related to a malware attack that occurred in February 2023; and changes in the LIFO inventory reserve recognized in cost of sales for certain inventories that are valued on a LIFO basis. During inflationary or deflationary pricing environments, LIFO adjustments can result in variability of the cost of sales recognized each period as the most recent costs are matched against current sales, while historical, typically lower, costs are retained in inventory. LIFO adjustments are determined based on published pricing indices, which often are not representative of the actual cost changes or timing of those changes as experienced by our business. Excluding the impact from the application of LIFO therefore improves the comparability of our financial performance from period to period and with the Company s peers, and more closely represents the physical flow of our inventory and how we manage the business. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA exclude items that can have a significant effect on our profit or loss and should, therefore, be used in conjunction with, not as substitutes for, profit or loss for the period. Management compensates for these limitations by separately monitoring net income from continuing operations for the period. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles net income from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income from continuing operations 55.2 85.6 179.3 187.8 Income tax expense 14.0 1.0 60.8 25.9 Net interest and other expenses 31.2 39.3 113.2 128.6 Depreciation and amortization 53.7 54.0 162.8 162.5 EBITDA 166.9 179.9 528.9 504.8 Loss on deconsolidation of Russian subsidiary (1) 
 12.8 12.8 Transaction-related expenses (2) 
 0.5 1.3 2.1 2.1 Asset impairments 0.1 0.1 Restructuring expenses 2.2 2.6 5.0 10.3 Share-based compensation expense 6.4 3.3 20.2 19.6 Inventory impairments and adjustments (included in cost of sales) (3) 
 4.4 2.2 21.7 6.3 Severance expenses (included in cost of sales) 0.9 (0.1) 0.9 0.4 Severance expenses (included in SG A) 1.4 1.5 0.9 Credit (gain) loss related to customer bankruptcy (included in SG A) (4) 
 (0.2) (0.1) 11.4 Cybersecurity incident expenses (5) 
 5.1 Other items not directly related to current operations (6) 
 0.1 0.1 0.2 Adjusted EBITDA 182.5 189.4 580.3 561.2 
 (1) In July 2022, Gates suspended our operations in Russia. As of September 28 2024, we deconsolidated the Russian subsidiary upon loss of control and recognized a deconsolidation loss. 
 (2) Transaction-related expenses relate primarily to advisory fees and other costs recognized in respect of major corporate transactions, including the acquisition of businesses, and equity and debt transactions. 
 (3) Inventory impairments and adjustments include the reversal of the adjustment to remeasure certain inventories on a LIFO basis. 
 (4) On January 31, 2023, one of our customers filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In connection with the bankruptcy proceedings, we preliminarily evaluated our potential risk and exposure relating to our outstanding pre-petition accounts receivable balance from the customer and recorded an initial pre-tax charge to reflect our estimated recovery. We continue to monitor the circumstances surrounding the bankruptcy and adjust our estimate as necessary. 
 (5) On February 11, 2023, Gates determined that it was the target of a malware attack. Cybersecurity incident expenses include legal, consulting, and other costs incurred as a direct result of this incident, some of which may be partially offset by insurance recoveries. 
 (6) Other items not directly related to current operations include other charges. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP measure that represents Adjusted EBITDA expressed as a percentage of net sales. We use Adjusted EBITDA margin to measure the success of our businesses in managing our cost base and improving profitability. Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in millions) 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 830.7 872.9 2,578.8 2,706.9 Adjusted EBITDA 182.5 189.4 580.3 561.2 Adjusted EBITDA margin 22.0 21.7 22.5 20.7 
 Core sales growth reconciliations 
 Core sales growth is a non-GAAP measure that represents net sales for the period excluding the impacts of movements in average currency exchange rates and the first-year impacts of acquisitions and disposals, when applicable. We present core growth because it allows for a meaningful comparison of year-over-year performance without the volatility caused by foreign currency gains or losses or the incomparability that would be caused by impacts of acquisitions or disposals. Management believes that this measure is therefore useful for securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to assist in their assessment of the operating performance of our businesses. The closest GAAP measure is net sales. Three months ended September 28, 2024 (dollars in millions) 
 Power Transmission Fluid Power Total Net sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024 513.4 317.3 830.7 Impact on net sales of movements in currency rates 5.4 3.4 8.8 Core sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024 518.8 320.7 839.5 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 536.4 336.5 872.9 Decrease in net sales on a core basis (core sales) (17.6) (15.8) (33.4) Core sales decline (3.3 (4.7 (3.8 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 (dollars in millions) 
 Power Transmission Fluid Power Total Net sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 1,588.1 990.7 2,578.8 Impact on net sales of movements in currency rates 23.5 1.2 24.7 Core sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 1,611.6 991.9 2,603.5 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 1,658.4 1,048.5 2,706.9 Decrease in net sales on a core basis (core sales) (46.8) (56.6) (103.4) Core sales decline (2.8 (5.4 (3.8 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA adjustments for ratio calculation purposes 
 The financial maintenance ratio in our credit agreement and other ratios related to incurrence-based covenants (measured only upon the taking of certain actions, including the incurrence of additional indebtedness) under our credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility and our term loan facility and the indenture governing our outstanding notes are calculated in part based on financial measures similar to Adjusted EBITDA as presented elsewhere in this report, which financial measures are determined at the Gates Industrial Holdco Limited level and adjust for certain additional items such as severance costs, the pro forma impacts of acquisitions and the pro forma impacts of cost-saving initiatives. These additional adjustments during the last 12 months, as calculated pursuant to such agreements, resulted in a net benefit to Adjusted EBITDA for ratio calculation purposes of 7.8 million. Pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility and term loans, the Company may not, subject to certain exceptions, permit its Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) to exceed 4.50 to 1.00 as of the end of the test period if borrowings under the revolving credit facility exceed a certain threshold. Pursuant to the credit agreement, this ratio is defined as Consolidated First Lien Net Debt (as defined in the credit agreement) divided by Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement). For a description of the other material terms related to our debt agreements, please refer to Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, and for a discussion of risks related to the compliance or non-compliance with the covenants described herein on the Company s financial condition and liquidity, please refer to the factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Indebtedness in Part I of the annual report. During the periods covered by the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report, we were in compliance with the financial covenant and had no borrowing on the revolving credit facility. 
 Gates Industrial Corporation plc is not an obligor under our revolving credit facility, our term loan facility or the indenture governing our outstanding notes. Gates Industrial Holdco Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Gates Industrial Corporation plc, is the parent guarantor under our revolving credit facility, our term loan facility, and our outstanding notes. The only significant difference between the results of operations and net assets that would be shown in the consolidated financial statements of Gates Industrial Holdco Limited and those for the Company that are included elsewhere in this report is (i) additional net intercompany loan payable due to Gates Industrial Holdco Limited and its subsidiaries from the Company, which was 262.2 million and 333.6 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively, (ii) additional intercompany payables due to Gates Industrial Holdco Limited and its subsidiaries from the Company attributable to UK tax group relief of 22.2 million and 26.6 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively and (iii) additional cash and cash equivalents held by the Company, which was 9.5 million and 3.5 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions concerning the future that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. 
 Please refer to Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments described in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023, as filed with the SEC, from which there have been no material changes. 
 
 Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Our market risk includes the potential loss arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices, and the credit risk of our customers and third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and short term deposits. From time to time, we use derivative financial instruments, principally foreign currency swaps, forward foreign currency contracts, interest rate caps (options), and interest rate swaps to reduce our exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. We do not hold or issue derivatives for speculative purposes and monitor closely the credit quality of the institutions with which we transact. Our objective in managing these risks is to reduce fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate movements. For a discussion of quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, please refer to our annual report from which our exposure to market risk has not materially changed. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4: Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 28, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1: Legal Proceedings 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is incorporated into this Part II, Item 1 from Note 18 of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A: Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of the Company s annual report, which could materially affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results or liquidity or future results. The risks described in the annual report are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the annual report. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our purchases of our ordinary shares during the three months ended September 28, 2024: Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (1) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) 
 Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs million) 6/30/2024 - 7/27/2024 250.0 7/28/2024 - 8/24/2024 7,539,203 16.5800 7,539,203 125.0 8/25/2024 - 9/28/2024 125.0 Total 7,539,203 16.5800 7,539,203 125.0 
 (1) Does not include commissions or other costs paid to repurchase shares. 
 (2) The share repurchase program was established in July 2024, allowing for up to 250 million in authorized share repurchases of our ordinary shares, exclusive of commissions, through December 2025. Under this publicly announced program, we are authorized to repurchase ordinary shares using a variety of methods, including but not limited to open market purchases and privately negotiated transactions, all in compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. In August 2024, we repurchased approximately 125 million of our ordinary shares under the share repurchase program pursuant to a share repurchase contract with Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, we hereby incorporate by reference herein Exhibit 99.1 of this report, which includes disclosures regarding activities at Mundys S.p.A. (formerly Atlantia S.p.A.), which may be, or may have been at the time considered to be, an affiliate of Blackstone and, therefore, our affiliate. 
 Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6: Exhibits Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Gates Industrial Corporation plc (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on January 8, 2018 (File No. 333-222310)) 
 3.2 Articles of Association of Gates Industrial Corporation plc, effective October 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 6, 2019) 
 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 101 The following financial information from Gates Industrial Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, formatted in inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 GATES INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION PLC (Registrant) By: /s/ L. Brooks Mallard Name: L. Brooks Mallard Title: Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant) 
 By: /s/ John S. Patouhas 
 Name: John S. Patouhas 
 Title: Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: October 30, 2024 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gtes-exhibit311xq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Ivo Jurek, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 of Gates Industrial Corporation plc (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s Ivo Jurek Ivo Jurek Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gtes-exhibit312xq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, L. Brooks Mallard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 of Gates Industrial Corporation plc (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 s L. Brooks Mallard L. Brooks Mallard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gtes-exhibit321xq32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gates Industrial Corporation plc (the Company for the period ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Ivo Jurek Ivo Jurek Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date October 30, 2024 s L. Brooks Mallard L. Brooks Mallard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date October 30, 2024 
 A signed original of this certification required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 exhibit991-section13rdiscl.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 
 After Gates Industrial Corporation plc Gates filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2024 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), Blackstone Inc. Blackstone filed the disclosure reproduced below with respect to its quarter ended June 30, 2024, in accordance with Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in regard to Mundys S.p.A. (formerly, Atlantia S.p.A.). Mundys S.p.A. may be, or may have been at the time considered to be, an affiliate of Blackstone, and therefore an affiliate of Gates. As of the date Gates filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 with the SEC, Blackstone had not yet filed its Form 10-Q for its quarter ended September 30, 2024. Therefore, the disclosure reproduced below does not include any information for the quarter ended September 28, 2024. Gates did not independently verify or participate in the preparation of the disclosure reproduced below. 
 
 Blackstone included the following disclosure in its Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 
 
 Mundys S.p.A. (formerly Atlantia S.p.A. provided the disclosure reproduced below in connection with activities during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. We have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of this disclosure. 
 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Funds affiliated with Blackstone first invested in Mundys S.p.A. on November 18, 2022 in connection with the voluntary public tender offer by Schema Alfa S.p.A. for all of the shares of Mundys S.p.A., pursuant to which such funds obtained a minority non-controlling interest in Mundys S.p.A. Mundys S.p.A. owns and controls Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. ADR ), an operator of airports in Italy including Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport. Iran Air has historically operated periodic flights to and from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport as authorized, from time to time, by an aviation-related bilateral agreement between Italy and Iran, scheduled in compliance with European Regulation 95 93, and approved by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. ADR, as airport operator, is under a mandatory obligation to provide airport services to all air carriers (including Iran Air) authorized by the applicable Italian authority. The relevant turnover attributable to these activities (whose consideration is calculated on the basis of general tariffs determined by such independent Italian authority) in the quarter ended June 30, 2024 was less than 50,000. Mundys S.p.A. does not track profits specifically attributable to these activities. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gtes-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gtes-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gtes-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gtes-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gtes-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

