<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1324424_0001324424-24-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7276381</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118249</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1247488</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2706914</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1623839</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1441895</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001324424-24-000052.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107173349
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001324424-24-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Expedia Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001324424
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				202705720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37429
		FILM NUMBER:		241437278

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 EXPEDIA GROUP WAY W.
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(206) 481-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 EXPEDIA GROUP WAY W.
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Expedia, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001324424-24-000052.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 expe-20240930.htm
 10-Q

expe-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of October 25, 2024 was: 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value per share shares Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share shares 

Table of Contents 

 Expedia Group, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Contents 
 
 Part I Financial Information 
 Item 1 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 202 3 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II Other Information 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signature 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) (1) 
 Selling and marketing - direct Selling and marketing - indirect (1) 
 Technology and content (1) 
 General and administrative (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Impairment of intangible assets Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other Restructuring and related reorganization charges (1) 
 Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. Earnings per share attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. available to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Shares used in computing earnings per share (000's): Basic Diluted 
 _______ 
 Selling and marketing Technology and content General and administrative Restructuring and related reorganization charges 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Currency translation adjustments, net of tax (1) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. 
 
 (1) million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and a tax expense of approximately million and a tax benefit of approximately million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily associated with net investment hedges. 

See accompanying notes. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term investments and other assets Deferred income taxes Intangible assets, net Goodwill TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable, merchant Accounts payable, other Deferred merchant bookings Deferred revenue Income taxes payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current maturities Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value; Authorized shares: 
 Shares issued: and ; Shares outstanding: and 
 Class B common stock: par value; Authorized shares: 
 Shares issued: and ; Shares outstanding: and 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - Common stock and Class B, at cost; Shares and 
 ) ) Retained earnings (deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Expedia Group, Inc. stockholders equity Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Common stock Class B common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - Common and Class B Retained earnings (deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-redeemable non-controlling interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30. 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of equity instruments and employee stock purchase plans Withholding taxes for stock options ) ) Treasury stock activity related to vesting of equity instruments ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) Other changes in ownership of non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other ) ) ) Balance as of September 30. 2023 ) ) ) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common stock Class B common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - Common and Class B Retained earnings (deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-redeemable non-controlling interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of equity instruments and employee stock purchase plans Withholding taxes for stock options ) ) Treasury stock activity related to vesting of equity instruments ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) Other changes in ownership of non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other ) ) ) Balance as of September 30. 2023 ) ) ) 

5 

Table of Contents 

EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Common stock Class B common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - Common and Class B Retained earnings (deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-redeemable non-controlling interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30. 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Proceeds from exercise of equity instruments and employee stock purchase plans Treasury stock activity related to vesting of equity instruments ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) Other changes in ownership of non-controlling interests ) Stock-based compensation expense Other ) ) Balance as of September 30. 2024 ) ) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Common stock Class B common stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock - Common and Class B Retained earnings (deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-redeemable non-controlling interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Proceeds from exercise of equity instruments and employee stock purchase plans Withholding taxes for stock options ) ) Treasury stock activity related to vesting of equity instruments ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) Other changes in ownership of non-controlling interests Stock-based compensation expense Other ) ) Balance as of September 30. 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 EXPEDIA GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of property and equipment, including internal-use software and website development Amortization of intangible assets Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Amortization of stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes Foreign exchange (gain) loss on cash, restricted cash and short-term investments, net Realized (gain) loss on foreign currency forwards, net ) (Gain) loss on minority equity investments, net ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable, merchant ) Accounts payable, other, accrued expenses and other liabilities Tax payable/receivable, net ) Deferred merchant bookings Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Capital expenditures, including internal-use software and website development ) ) Purchases of investments ) Sales and maturities of investments Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of equity awards and employee stock purchase plan Other, net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Income tax payments, net 
 See accompanying notes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1 

8 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 2 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 Below are the significant accounting policies with interim disclosure requirements. For a comprehensive description of our accounting policies, refer to our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Prepaid merchant bookings was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. 
 At December 31, 2023, billion of advance cash payments was reported within deferred merchant bookings, billion of which was recognized resulting in million of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the related balance was billion. 
 At December 31, 2023, million of deferred loyalty rewards was reported within deferred merchant bookings, million of which was recognized within revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the related balance was million. 
 Deferred Revenue. At December 31, 2023, million was recorded as deferred revenue, million of which was recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the related balance was million. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded approximately million of incremental allowance for expected uncollectible accounts, offset by million of write-offs. 
 
 Note 3 
 Term deposits and certificates of deposit Corporate debt securities U.S. treasury securities Commercial paper Derivatives: Foreign currency forward contracts Cross-currency interest rate swaps Investments: Equity investments Corporate debt securities U.S. treasury securities Asset-backed securities Term deposits and certificates of deposit U.S. agency securities Total assets 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Term deposits Derivatives: Cross-currency interest rate swaps Investments: Term deposits Equity investments Total assets Liabilities Derivatives: Foreign currency forward contracts 
 We hold term deposit investments with financial institutions. Term deposits with original maturities of less than three months are classified as cash equivalents. Those with remaining maturities of less than one year are classified within short-term investments and those with remaining maturities of greater than one year are classified within long-term investments and other assets. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents consisted primarily of term deposits, certificates of deposit, money market funds, and corporate debt securities with maturities of three months or less and bank account balances. 
 We primarily invest in investment grade corporate debt securities, U.S. treasury securities, and asset-backed securities, all of which are classified as available-for-sale. As of September 30, 2024, we had million of short-term and million of long-term available-for-sale investments, which generally mature within years. The amortized cost basis of the investments approximated their fair value with gross unrealized gains and losses of less than million. We review our debt securities on a regular basis for impairment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not recognize an allowance for credit-related losses on any of our investments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were party to outstanding forward contracts hedging our liability exposures with a total net notional value of billion. We had a net forward asset of million million gross forward asset) as of September 30, 2024 recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a net forward liability of million million gross forward liability) as of December 31, 2023 recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. We recorded million and ) million in net gains (losses) from foreign currency forward contracts during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as well as million and ) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 We maintain fixed-to-fixed cross-currency interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of million and maturity dates of February 2026. The swaps were designated as net investment hedges of Euro assets with the objective to protect the U.S. dollar value of our net investments in the Euro foreign operations due to movements in foreign currency. The fair value of the cross-currency interest rate swaps was a million and an million asset as of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, recorded in long-term investments and other assets. The gain recognized in interest expense was million during both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and ) million within other, net in our consolidated statements of operations related to the fair value changes of these equity investments. 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 
 Our non-financial assets, such as goodwill, intangible assets and property and equipment, as well as equity method investments for which we have not elected the fair value option, are adjusted to fair value when an impairment charge is recognized or the underlying investment is sold. Such fair value measurements are based predominately on Level 3 inputs. We measure our minority investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes with changes recorded within other, net on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Goodwill. During the third quarter of 2023, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million related to our trivago segment. This impairment charge resulted from trivago s recent strategic shift which included intensifying its brand marketing investments with an anticipated decrease in profitability. As a result, we concluded that sufficient indicators existed to require us to perform an interim quantitative assessment of goodwill for our trivago segment as of September 30, 2023, in which we compared the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. The fair value estimate for the reporting unit was based on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market value approach, Level 3 inputs. The significant estimates used in the discounted cash flows model included our weighted average cost of capital, projected cash flows and the long-term rate of growth. Our assumptions were based on the actual historical performance of the reporting unit and considered the weakening of operating results, and implied risk premiums based on market prices of our equity and debt as of the assessment date. Our significant estimates in the market approach model included identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and earnings multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit. The excess of the reporting unit's carrying value over our estimate of the fair value was recorded as the goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter of 2023. As of September 30, 2023, our trivago segment had no goodwill remaining. 
 Intangible Assets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized intangible impairment charges of million related to an indefinite-lived trade name within our trivago segment that resulted a decline in revenue in the current year as well as trivago s share price decline reducing its total market capitalization relative to its assets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized intangible impairment charges of million, related to an indefinite-lived trade name within our trivago segment that resulted from a decrease in the estimated royalty rate. The indefinite-lived trade name asset, classified as a Level 3 measurement, was valued using the relief-from-royalty method, which includes unobservable inputs, including projected revenues, royalty rates and weighted average cost of capital. 
 million and million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold a minority investment for million and recognized an gain on the transaction. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had material gains or losses recognized related to these minority investments. As of September 30, 2024, total cumulative adjustments made to the initial cost basis of these investments included million in unrealized downward adjustments (including impairments). 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 4 
 senior notes due 2025 
 senior notes due 2026 
 convertible senior notes due 2026 
 senior notes due 2027 
 senior notes due 2028 
 senior notes due 2030 
 senior notes due 2031 
 Total debt (1) 
 Current maturities of long-term debt ) Long-term debt, excluding current maturities 
 _______________ 
 (1) Net of applicable discounts and debt issuance costs. 
 Outstanding Debt 
 Additional information about our billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible senior notes due 2026 (the Convertible Notes and our other outstanding senior notes (collectively the Senior Notes ), s ee Note 7 Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 All of our outstanding Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations issued by Expedia Group and guaranteed by certain domestic Expedia Group subsidiaries. The Senior Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Expedia Group and the guarantor subsidiaries. In addition, the Senior Notes include covenants that limit our ability to (i) create certain liens, (ii) enter into sale/leaseback transactions and (iii) merge or consolidate with or into another entity or transfer substantially all of our assets. The Senior Notes are redeemable in whole or in part, at the option of the holders thereof, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events at a purchase price in cash equal to of the principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. Accrued interest related to the Senior Notes was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Estimated Fair Value. The total estimated fair value of our Senior Notes was approximately billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, the estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The fair value was determined based on quoted market prices in less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Credit Facility 
 As of September 30, 2024, Expedia Group maintained a billion revolving credit facility that matures in April 2027. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had revolving credit facility borrowings outstanding. Loans under the revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate equal to an index rate plus a margin (a) in the case of term benchmark loans, ranging from to per annum, depending on Expedia Group s credit ratings, and (b) in the case of base rate loans, ranging from to per annum, depending on Expedia Group s credit ratings. A fee is payable quarterly in respect of undrawn commitments under the revolving credit facility at a rate ranging from to per annum, depending on Expedia Group s credit ratings. The terms of the revolving credit facility require Expedia Group to not exceed a specified maximum consolidated leverage ratio as of the end of each fiscal quarter. 
 The revolving credit facility has a million letter of credit LOC sublimit, and the amount of LOCs issued under the facility reduced the credit amount available. Outstanding stand-by LOCs issued under the facility were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 5 
 million shares of common stock and million Class B shares. As of December 31, 2023, the Company s treasury stock was comprised of approximately million shares of common stock and million Class B shares. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

billion of our common stock 2023 Share Repurchase Program ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased, through open market transactions, million shares under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program for a total cost of billion, excluding transaction costs and excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, representing an average repurchase price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, billion remains authorized for repurchase under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program. Our 2023 Share Repurchase Program does not have fixed expiration dates and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be subject to the discretion of the Company and depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of Expedia Group s common stock, general market and economic conditions, regulatory requirements and other business considerations. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2024, we repurchased an additional million shares for a total cost of million, excluding transaction costs and excise tax, representing an average purchase price of per share. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 million million before tax) and million million before tax) as of December 31, 2023 associated with our cross-currency interest rate swaps as described in Note 3 Fair Value Measurements. Additionally, translation adjustments include foreign currency transaction losses of million million before tax) as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 associated with previously settled Euro-denominated notes that were designated as net investment hedges. 
 
 Note 6 
 Earnings per share attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. available to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding (000's): Basic Dilutive effect of: Convertible Notes Stock-based awards Diluted 
 Basic earnings per share is calculated using our weighted-average outstanding common shares. The earnings per share amounts are the same for common stock and Class B common stock because the holders of each class are legally entitled to equal per share distributions whether through dividends or in liquidation. 
 million shares from outstanding stock awards have been excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders because their effect would have been antidilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, approximately million shares of outstanding stock awards were excluded. 
 
 Note 7 - 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and million in restructuring and related reorganization charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The charges were predominately related to employee severance, stock-based compensation and benefit costs and approximately million was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Based on current plans which are subject to change, we expect total reorganization charges in the remainder of 2024 to be in the range of approximately million to million. These costs could be higher or lower should we make additional decisions in future periods that impact our reorganization efforts. 
 
 Note 8 
 , compared to for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a nondeductible goodwill impairment and nondeductible mark-to-market charges recorded in the prior year period. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate was , compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to discrete tax effects of the TripAdvisor audit assessment recorded in the prior year period, as described below. 
 We are subject to taxation in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax filings are regularly examined by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. For tax years 2011 to 2013 and 2014 to 2016, the Internal Revenue Service IRS issued final adjustments related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries. The 2011 to 2013 adjustments would result in federal income tax of approximately million, subject to interest. The 2014 to 2016 adjustments would result in federal income tax of approximately million, subject to interest. We do not agree with these adjustments and will continue to vigorously defend our position through administrative procedures. We are also under examination by the IRS for tax years 2017 to 2020. 
 On December 20, 2011, we completed a spin-off of TripAdvisor into a separate publicly traded corporation. Pursuant to the tax sharing agreement between Expedia Group and TripAdvisor, TripAdvisor is responsible for its potential income tax liabilities in connection with any consolidated income tax returns filed as a part of Expedia Group s consolidated income tax return prior to or in connection with the spin-off. TripAdvisor is required to indemnify Expedia Group for any such taxes, including interest, penalties, legal, and professional fees. 
 In 2023, TripAdvisor agreed in principle with the IRS to an assessed amount of million, inclusive of interest and state tax effects, for transfer pricing adjustments with its foreign subsidiaries for the 2009 to 2011 tax years. The assessment is a tax liability for tax years when TripAdvisor was part of Expedia Group's consolidated income tax return and is covered by the indemnification pursuant to the tax sharing agreement. In May 2023, Expedia Group received from the IRS the final assessment for the 2009 through 2011 tax years related to the TripAdvisor matter. Expedia Group remitted million in settlement payments to the IRS, as the primary obligor for this assessment, and received the reimbursement required from TripAdvisor in settlement of the indemnification receivable for this matter. During 2023, we recorded a total of million of additional income tax expense and a corresponding tax indemnification adjustment in other, net in our consolidated statements of operations representing the estimate of the incremental assessed payment to the IRS, including state tax effects. During the second quarter of 2024, we recorded an additional million of income tax expense related to interest adjustments for the 2010-2011 tax years. 
 
 Note 9 
 lawsuits have been filed by or against cities, counties and states involving hotel occupancy and other taxes. lawsuits are currently active. These lawsuits are in various stages and we 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of these lawsuits have been dismissed. Some of these dismissals have been without prejudice and, generally, allow the governmental entity or entities to seek administrative remedies prior to pursuing further litigation. dismissals were based on a finding that we and the other defendants were not subject to the local tax ordinance or that the local government lacked standing to pursue its claims. As a result of this litigation and other attempts by certain jurisdictions to levy such taxes, we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other taxes, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances, in the amount of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The reserve balance decreased million as of September 30, 2024 due to the favorable resolution of two cases during the year. Our settlement reserve is based on our best estimate of probable losses and the ultimate resolution of these contingencies may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded. An estimate for a reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amount reserved cannot be made. Changes to the settlement reserve are included within legal reserves, occupancy tax and other in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Pay-to-Play. Certain jurisdictions may assert that we are required to pay any assessed taxes prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the applicability of the ordinances. This prepayment of contested taxes is referred to as pay-to-play. Payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes and, even when such payments are made, we continue to defend our position vigorously. If we prevail in the litigation, for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest. 
 We are in various stages of inquiry or audit with various tax authorities, some of which, including in the City of Los Angeles regarding hotel occupancy taxes, may impose a pay-to-play requirement to challenge an adverse inquiry or audit result in court. 
 Matters Relating to International VAT . We are in various stages of inquiry or audit in multiple European Union jurisdictions regarding the application of VAT to our European Union related transactions. While we believe we comply with applicable VAT laws, rules and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions, the tax authorities may determine that we owe additional taxes. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we entered into discussions with Italian authorities to resolve issues raised in a tax audit regarding the Company s purported Italian VAT obligations. While no tax assessment has been issued and we believe that Expedia Group has complied with Italian tax laws, we recorded a reserve for the potential settlement of these issues, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances, in the amount of million as of September 30, 2024 within legal reserves, occupancy tax and other in the consolidated statements of operations. Our settlement reserve is based on our best estimate and the ultimate resolution of these contingencies may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded. 

Note 10 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Intersegment revenue ) Revenue ) Adjusted EBITDA ) Depreciation ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Impairment of intangible assets ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other ) ) Restructuring and related reorganization charges, excluding stock-based compensation ) ) Realized (gain) loss on revenue hedges ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Intersegment revenue ) Revenue ) Adjusted EBITDA ) Depreciation ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Impairment of goodwill ) ) Impairment of intangible assets ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Realized (gain) loss on revenue hedges Operating income (loss) ) Other expense, net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 B2C B2B trivago Corporate Eliminations Total (In millions) Third-party revenue Intersegment revenue ) Revenue ) Adjusted EBITDA ) Depreciation ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Impairment of intangible assets ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other ) ) Restructuring and related reorganization charges, excluding stock-based compensation ) ) Realized (gain) loss on revenue hedges ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Other expense, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Intersegment revenue ) Revenue ) Adjusted EBITDA ) Depreciation ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Impairment of goodwill ) ) Impairment of intangible assets ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other ) ) Realized (gain) loss on revenue hedges ) Operating income (loss) ) Other expense, net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. 
 Revenue by Business Model and Service Type 
 Agency Advertising, media and other Total revenue 
 Service Type: Lodging Air Advertising and media Other (1) 
 Total revenue 
 
 ____________________________ 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The use of words such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, goal, intends, likely, may, plans, potential, predicts, projected, seeks, should and will, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements; however, these words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. We are not under any obligation to, and do not intend to, publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, even if experience or future events make it clear that any expected results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements will not be realized. Please carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this report and in our other reports filed with the SEC that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, prospects and results of operations. 
 The information included in this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes included in this Quarterly Report, and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Overview 
 Expedia Group's mission is to power global travel for everyone, everywhere. We believe travel is a force for good. Travel is an essential human experience that strengthens connections, broadens horizons and bridges divides. We help reduce the barriers to travel, making it easier, more enjoyable, more attainable and more accessible. We bring the world within reach for customers and partners around the globe. We leverage our supply portfolio, platform and technology capabilities across an extensive portfolio of consumer brands, and provide solutions to our business partners, to empower travelers to efficiently research, plan, book and experience travel. We make available, on a stand-alone and package basis, travel services provided by numerous lodging properties, airlines, car rental companies, activities and experiences providers, cruise lines, alternative accommodations property owners and managers, and other travel product and service companies. We also offer travel and non-travel advertisers access to a potential source of incremental traffic and transactions through our various media and advertising offerings on our websites. 
 All percentages within this section are calculated on actual, unrounded numbers. 
 Trends 
 Starting in early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic, and measures to contain the virus, including government travel restrictions and quarantine orders, had an unprecedented impact on the global travel industry and materially and negatively impacted our business, financial results and financial condition. Travel was severely depressed during 2020, with reduced levels of new bookings. In 2021, we began to see a bookings recovery. In 2022, there was a strong, but uneven, recovery in travel demand with different regions around the world experiencing different rates of recovery. In 2023, the overall reopening of the Asia-Pacific region and general recovery outside of the United States was a factor in the gross bookings year-over-year growth rate for our B2B segment, but any other lingering impacts of the pandemic did not have a significant impact on our businesses, and we expect that to remain the case for future periods. 
 More recently, inflation and other macroeconomic pressures in the U.S. and the global economy, such as interest rates and currency fluctuations and energy price volatility, as well as evolving geopolitical conflicts, have contributed to an increasingly complex business environment. Our future operational results may be subject to volatility, particularly in the short-term, due to the impact of the aforementioned trends. Broad, sustained negative economic impacts could put strain on our suppliers, business and service partners, which increases the risk of credit losses and service level or other disruptions. 
 Additionally, further health-related events, political instability, geopolitical conflicts, acts of terrorism, significant fluctuations in currency values, sustained levels of increased inflation, sovereign debt issues, and natural disasters, are examples 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 of other events that could have a negative impact on the travel industry in the future. 
 Despite these factors, we have witnessed a healthy but more normalized travel demand environment in the first nine months of 2024, as consumers continue to prioritize spend on travel and experiences over other discretionary spending. 
 Online Travel 
 Increased usage and familiarity with the internet have continued to drive rapid growth in online penetration of travel expenditures. Online penetration is higher in the U.S. and Western European markets with online penetration rates in some emerging markets, such as Latin America and Eastern European regions, lagging behind those regions. Emerging markets continue to present an attractive growth opportunity for our business, while also attracting many competitors to online travel. The industry is expected to remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. In addition to the growth of online travel agencies, we have seen continued interest in the online travel industry from search engine companies such as Google, evidenced by continued product enhancements, and prioritizing its own AdWords and metasearch products such as Google Hotel Ads and Google Flights, in search results. Competitive entrants such as metasearch companies, including Kayak.com (owned by Booking Holdings), trivago (in which Expedia Group owns a majority interest) as well as TripAdvisor, introduced differentiated features, pricing and content compared with the legacy online travel agency companies, as well as various forms of direct or assisted booking tools. Further, airlines and lodging companies are aggressively pursuing direct online distribution of their products and services. In addition, the increasing popularity of the sharing economy, accelerated by online penetration, has had a direct impact on the travel and lodging industry. Businesses such as Airbnb, Vrbo and Booking.com have emerged as the leaders, bringing incremental alternative accommodation and vacation rental inventory to the market. Other competitors have arisen, including vacation rental property managers, who operate their own booking sites in addition to listing on Airbnb, Vrbo, and Booking.com. Additionally, traditional consumer ecommerce players have expanded their local offerings by adding hotel offers to their websites. Ride sharing app Uber has added transportation and experience offerings to its app via partnerships with other travel providers. Our B2B business has grown significantly but faces competition from other online travel agencies OTAs with B2B offerings, as well as other competitors, such as independent B2B businesses. 
 The online travel industry also saw the development of alternative business models and variations in the timing of payment by travelers and to suppliers, which in some cases place pressure on historical business models. In particular, the agency hotel model saw rapid adoption in Europe. Expedia Group facilitates both merchant (Expedia Collect) and agency (Hotel Collect) hotel offerings with our hotel supply partners through both agency-only contracts as well as our hybrid Expedia Traveler Preference ETP program, which offers travelers the choice of whether to pay Expedia Group at the time of booking or pay the hotel at the time of stay. 
 In 2022, we began evolving our strategy from being largely transactionally focused, where we were primarily focused on acquiring customers through performance channels, to building a direct relationship with our customers by allocating more marketing spend towards our loyalty programs, paid app downloads, and brand awareness. While we maintain a large portfolio of consumer brands, we put the majority of our marketing efforts towards our three core consumer brands: Expedia, Hotels.com and Vrbo. 
 Lodging 
 Lodging includes both hotel and alternative accommodations. As a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in the third quarter of 2024, lodging accounted for 82 . Room nights booked grew 9 in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to growth of 12 in 2023 and 26 in 2022. Average Daily Rates ADRs booked for Expedia Group declined 2 in the first nine months of 2024 and decreased 2 in 2023 and grew 3 in 2022. While trends are normalizing, o ur lodging business has seen a significant increase in ADRs compared to pre-pandemic levels, which were driven by broader industry trends, a mix shift to Vrbo and high ADR geographies. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our global lodging marketplace has over 3.5 million total lodging properties available. Our Vrbo brand has over 2.5 million online bookable alternative accommodations listings. Our other brands have over 1 million hotels and alternative accommodations. 
 Hotel. We generate the majority of our revenue through the facilitation of hotel reservations (stand-alone and package bookings). Our relationships and overall economics with hotel supply partners have been broadly stable in recent years. As we continue to expand the breadth and depth of our global hotel offering, in some cases we have reduced our economics in various geographies based on local market conditions. These impacts are due to specific initiatives intended to drive greater global size and scale through faster overall room night growth. Additionally, increased promotional activities such as growing loyalty programs, discounting, and couponing have contributed to declines in revenue per room night and profitability in certain cases. 
 Further, while the global lodging industry remains very fragmented, there has been consolidation in the hotel space among chains as well as ownership groups. In the meantime, certain hotel chains have been focusing on driving direct bookings on their own websites and mobile applications by advertising lower rates than those available on third-party websites as well as incentives such as loyalty programs, increased or exclusive product availability and complimentary benefits. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Alternative Accommodations . Over the past decade, we expanded into the alternative accommodations market. Vrbo is a leader, specializing in unique whole home inventory, primarily in North American leisure markets, and represents an attractive growth opportunity for Expedia Group. 
 Vrbo has transitioned from a listings-based classified advertising model to an online transactional model that optimizes for both travelers and homeowner and property manager partners, with a goal of increasing monetization and driving growth through investments in marketing as well as in product and technology. Vrbo offers hosts subscription-based listing or pay-per-booking service models. It also generates revenue from a traveler service fee for bookings. 
 Since our hotel and alternative accommodation supplier agreements are generally negotiated on a percentage basis, any increase or decrease in ADRs has an impact on the revenue we earn per room night. In the future, we could see macroeconomic factors influence ADR trends, including rising living costs due to inflation and higher interest rates. Other factors that could lead to moderating ADRs include growth in hotel supply and the increase in alternative accommodation inventory. 
 Air 
 Similar to the rest of travel, the airlines experienced a surge in pent-up demand when COVID-19 restrictions were lifted, however they continued to operate at reduced capacity due to staffing shortages and supply chain disruptions. In 2023, airlines focused on adding capacity back to their networks, ending the year with global air capacity nearly recovered to 2019 levels. 
 In the future, we could encounter pressure on air remuneration as air carriers combine, certain supply agreements renew, and as we continue to add airlines to ensure local coverage in new markets. 
 Booked air tickets increased 5 in the first nine months of 2024, and increased 4 in 2023 and 8 in 2022. As a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in the third quarter of 2024, air accounted for 3 . 
 Advertising Media 
 Our advertising and media business is principally driven by revenue generated by trivago, a leading ho tel metasearch website, and Expedia Group Media Solutions, which is responsible for generating advertising revenue on our global online travel brands. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, we generated 464 million of advertising revenue from Expedia Group Media Solutions, a 35 increase from the same period in 2023. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, we generated 249 million of third-party revenue from trivago, a 9 decrease from the same period in 2023. Since the onset of COVID-19, online travel agencies, including ourselves, have reduced marketing spen d on trivago . In 2023, the company adopted its marketing strategy and launched a new logo and visual identity, part of a push to rejuvenate its brand, demonstrate the relevance of its offerings and drive long-term growth. 
 As a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in the third quarter of 2024, total advertising and media accounted for 7 . 
 Business Strategy 
 As we endeavor to power global travel for everyone, everywhere our focus is to leverage our brand, supply and platform technology strength to provide greater services and value to our travelers, suppliers and business partners, and build longer-lasting direct relationships with our customers. 
 We believe the strength of our core brand portfolio and consistent enhancements to product and service offerings, combined with our global scale and broad-based supply, drive increasing value to customers and customer demand. With our significant global audience of travelers, and our deep and broad selection of travel products, we are also able to provide value to supply partners seeking to grow their business through sophisticated technology, a better understanding of travel retailing and reaching consumers in markets beyond their reach. Our deep product and supply footprint allows us to tailor offerings to target different types of consumers and travel needs, employ geographic segmentation in markets around the world, and leverage brand differentiation, among other benefits. We also market to consumers through a variety of channels, including internet search, metasearch and social and digital media. In 2024, we have accelerated our investments in global market expansion beyond our core markets that were our focus in the second half of 2023. 
 During 2020, Expedia Group unified its technology, product, data engineering and data science teams to build services and capabilities that can be leveraged across our business units to provide value-add services to our travel suppliers and serve our end customers. The unified team structure enables us to deliver more scalable services and operate more efficiently. We have also completed the migration of our core B2C brands onto a unified Brand Expedia technology front-end infrastructure, having migrated Hotels.com onto the infrastructure in 2022 and Vrbo in 2023. In 2024, we will continue to cement our leadership in the B2B segment as our B2B business also benefits from all the work we have done in product and technology for our B2C brands. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 As we continue to mature our shared platform infrastructure, our focus is on developing configurable technical capabilities that support various travel products while using simpler, standard architecture and common applications and frameworks. We believe this strategy will enable us to: simultaneously build pieces of technology that work in tandem; ship new capabilities and features faster; create a foundation for more innovative solutions; and achieve greater economies of scope and scale. Ultimately, we believe this will result in more product improvements faster and therefore better traveler experiences. In addition, over time, as we execute on our streamlined application development framework, we believe we can unlock additional platform service opportunities beyond the scope of our internal brands and business travel partners. All of our transaction-based businesses now benefit from our shared platform infrastructure, including customer servicing and support, data centers, search capabilities, payment processing, and fraud operations. 
 We also launched One Key in the United States in 2023, which serves as the unified loyalty program under Brand Expedia, Hotels.com and Vrbo, enabling travelers to cross-earn and cross-redeem rewards across these brands and our range of products such as air, hotels and alternative accommodations. In 2024, we also rolled out One Key in the United Kingdom. With greatly improved product driven by the latest in machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities and One Key, we believe we will continue to drive greater retention, repeat and direct business. 
 
 Seasonality 
 We generally experience seasonal fluctuations in the demand for our travel services. For example, traditional leisure travel bookings are generally the highest in the first three quarters as travelers plan and book their spring, summer and winter holiday travel. The number of bookings typically decreases in the fourth quarter. Since revenue for most of our travel services, including merchant and agency hotel, is recognized as the travel takes place rather than when it is booked, revenue typically lags bookings by several weeks for our hotel business and can be several months or more for our alternative accommodations business. Historically, Vrbo has seen seasonally stronger bookings in the first quarter of the year, with the relevant stays occurring during the peak summer travel months. The seasonal revenue impact is exacerbated with respect to income by the nature of our variable cost of revenue and direct sales and marketing costs, which we typically realize in closer alignment to booking volumes, and the more stable nature of our fixed costs. As a result on a consolidated basis, revenue and income are typically the lowest in the first quarter and highest in the third quarter. 
 The growth in our B2B segment, international operations, advertising business or a change in our product mix, among others, may also influence the typical trend of seasonality in the future. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we believe are important in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements because they require that we use judgment and estimates in applying those policies. We prepare our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Preparation of the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as revenue and expenses during the periods reported. We base our estimates on historical experience, where applicable, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 There are certain critical estimates that we believe require significant judgment in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 It requires us to make an assumption because information was not available at the time or it included matters that were highly uncertain at the time we were making the estimate; and 
 Changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected may have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 For additional information about our other critical accounting policies and estimates, see the disclosure included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as well as updates in the current fiscal year provided in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Occupancy and Other Taxes 
 Legal Proceedings. We are currently involved in four lawsuits brought by or against states, cities and counties over issues involving the payment of hotel occupancy and other taxes. We continue to defend these lawsuits vigorously. With respect to the principal claims in these matters, we believe that the statutes and/or ordinances at issue do not apply to us or the services we provide, namely the facilitation of travel planning and reservations, and, therefore, that we do not owe the taxes that are 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 claimed to be owed. We believe that the statutes and ordinances at issue generally impose occupancy and other taxes on entities that own, operate or control hotels (or similar businesses) or furnish or provide hotel rooms or similar accommodations. 
 For additional information and other recent developments on these and other legal proceedings, see Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings. 
 We have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other tax litigation, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances, in the amount of 3 million and 46 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Certain jurisdictions, including without limitation the states of New York, New Jersey, North Carolina, Minnesota, Oregon, Rhode Island, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Hawaii, Iowa, Massachusetts, Arizona, Wisconsin, Idaho, Arkansas, Indiana, Maine, Nebraska, Vermont, Mississippi, and Virginia, the city of New York, and the District of Columbia, have enacted legislation seeking to tax online travel company services as part of sales or other taxes for hotel and/or other accommodations and/or car rental. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, we have entered into voluntary collection agreements pursuant to which we have agreed to voluntarily collect and remit taxes to state and/or local taxing jurisdictions. We are currently remitting taxes to a number of jurisdictions, including without limitation the states of New York, New Jersey, South Carolina, North Carolina, Minnesota, Georgia, Wyoming, West Virginia, Oregon, Rhode Island, Montana, Maryland, Kentucky, Maine, Pennsylvania, Hawaii, Iowa, Massachusetts, Arizona, Wisconsin, Idaho, Arkansas, Indiana, Nebraska, Vermont, Colorado, Mississippi, and Virginia, the city of New York and the District of Columbia, as well as certain other jurisdictions. 
 Pay-to-Play 
 Certain jurisdictions may assert that we are required to pay any assessed taxes prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the applicability of the ordinances. This prepayment of contested taxes is referred to as pay-to-play. Payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes and, even when such payments are made, we continue to defend our position vigorously. If we prevail in the litigation, for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest. However, any significant pay-to-play payment or litigation loss could negatively impact our liquidity. 
 Other Jurisdictions. We are also in various stages of inquiry or audit with various tax authorities, some of which, including the City of Los Angeles regarding hotel occupancy taxes, may impose a pay-to-play requirement to challenge an adverse inquiry or audit result in court. 
 
 Segments 
 We have the following reportable segments: B2C, B2B, and trivago. Our B2C segment provides a full range of travel and advertising services to our worldwide customers through a variety of consumer brands including: Expedia.com, Hotels.com, Vrbo, Orbitz, Travelocity, Wotif Group, ebookers, CheapTickets, Hotwire.com and CarRentals.com. Our B2B segment fuels a wide range of travel and non-travel companies including airlines, offline travel agents, online retailers, corporate travel management and financial institutions, who leverage our leading travel technology and tap into our diverse supply to augment their offerings and market Expedia Group rates and availabilities to their travelers. Our trivago segment generates advertising revenue primarily from sending referrals to online travel companies and travel service providers from its hotel metasearch websites. 
 Operating Metrics 
 Our operating results are affected by certain metrics, such as gross bookings and revenue margin, which we believe are necessary for understanding and evaluating us. Gross bookings generally represent the total retail value of transactions booked for agency and merchant transactions, recorded at the time of booking reflecting the total price due for travel by travelers, including taxes, fees and other charges, and are reduced for cancellations and refunds. Revenue margin is defined as revenue as a percentage of gross bookings. 
 
 Gross Bookings and Revenue Margin 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Gross bookings 27,498 25,685 7 86,499 82,407 5 Revenue margin (1) 
 14.8 15.3 12.1 12.1 
 ____________________________ 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 (1) trivago, which is comprised of a hotel metasearch business that differs from our transaction-based websites, does not have associated gross bookings or revenue margin. However, third-party revenue from trivago is included in revenue used to calculate total revenue margin. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, gross bookings increased 7 and 5 , compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily driven by lodging gross bookings due to continued strength in our hotel business. During the third quarter of 2024, we also saw a strong recovery in our air business as well as continued acceleration at Vrbo, which returned to modest growth for the quarter. The growth in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was partially offset by softness in our Vrbo business earlier in the year. Booked room nights for our lodging business increased 9 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Revenue margin decreased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to unfavorable impacts of foreign exchange and pricing actions as well as pressure from soft Vrbo bookings in the first half of 2024 translating as stays in the third quarter, which was partially offset of an uplift from advertising growth. Revenue margin remained consistent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Revenue by Segment B2C 2,780 2,819 (1) 7,198 7,155 1 B2B 1,178 995 18 3,060 2,524 21 trivago (Third-party revenue) 102 115 (11) 249 273 (9) Total revenue 4,060 3,929 3 10,507 9,952 6 
 Revenue increased 3 and 6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, on strong growth in our B2B segment resulting from increased lodging revenue. 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Revenue by Service Type Lodging 3,317 3,233 3 8,407 7,960 6 Air 104 100 6 330 324 2 Advertising and media (1) 
 269 240 12 713 616 16 Other 370 356 4 1,057 1,052 Total revenue 
 4,060 3,929 3 10,507 9,952 6 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Includes third-party revenue from trivago as well as our transaction-based websites. 
 Lodging revenue increased 3 and 6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in room nights stayed mostly in our hotel business. 
 Air revenue increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in air tickets sold. Air revenue remained consistent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Advertising and media revenue increased 12 and 16 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, due to an increase at Expedia Group Media Solutions, partially offset by a decline in trivago revenue. All other revenue, which includes car rental, insurance, cruise and activities, increased during the three ended months September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in car rental and insurance revenue. All other revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, remained consistent. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the above segment and product revenue discussion, our revenue by business model is as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Revenue by Business Model Merchant 2,805 2,739 2 7,228 6,833 6 Agency 953 918 4 2,469 2,408 3 Advertising, media and other 302 272 11 810 711 14 Total revenue 4,060 3,929 3 10,507 9,952 6 
 Merchant revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in merchant hotel revenue. Agency revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in agency lodging and air revenue. Advertising, media and other increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in Expedia Media Solutions advertising revenue. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Direct costs 315 328 (4) 879 977 (10) Personnel and overhead 73 84 (13) 229 256 (10) Total cost of revenue 388 412 (6) 1,108 1,233 (10) of revenue 9.6 10.5 10.5 12.4 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of direct costs to support our customer operations, including our customer support and telesales as well as fees to air ticket fulfillment vendors; credit card processing, including merchant fees, fraud and chargebacks; and other costs, primarily including data center and cloud costs to support our websites, supplier operations, destination supply, certain transactional level taxes as well as related personnel and overhead costs, including stock-based compensation. 
 Cost of revenue decreased 24 million and 125 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to lower costs from ongoing initiatives to drive transactional efficiencies. 
 Selling and Marketing - Direct and Indirect 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Selling and marketing - direct 1,855 1,671 11 5,298 4,737 12 of revenue 45.7 42.5 50.4 47.6 Selling and marketing - indirect 197 185 7 580 563 3 of revenue 4.9 4.7 5.5 5.7 
 Selling and marketing - direct costs primarily include traffic generation costs from search engines and internet portals, television and print spending, private label and affiliate program commissions, public relations and other costs. Selling and marketing - indirect costs include personnel and related overhead in our various brands and global supply organization as well as stock-based compensation costs. 
 Selling and marketing - direct increased 184 million and 561 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in B2B partner commissions to support strong growth and, to a lesser extent, a ramp in marketing spend at Vrbo and international markets to drive improving 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 growth and global market expansion. Selling and marketing - indirect costs increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by an increase in average salaries. 
 
 Technology and Content 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Personnel and overhead 228 250 (9) 717 735 (3) Other 92 90 1 275 266 3 Total technology and content 320 340 (6) 992 1,001 (1) of revenue 7.9 8.7 9.4 10.1 
 Technology and content expense includes product development and content expense, as well as information technology costs to support our infrastructure, back-office applications and overall monitoring and security of our networks, and is principally comprised of personnel and overhead, including stock-based compensation, as well as other costs including cloud expense and licensing and maintenance expense. 
 Technology and content expense decreased 20 million and 9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to lower personnel costs in connection with previously announced cost saving initiatives, partially offset by higher stock-based compensation. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Personnel and overhead 193 156 23 485 467 4 Professional fees and other 36 38 (4) 110 105 5 Total general and administrative 229 194 18 595 572 4 of revenue 5.6 4.9 5.7 5.8 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including our executive leadership, finance, legal and human resource functions and related stock-based compensation as well as fees for external professional services. 
 General and administrative expense increased 35 million and 23 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same periods in 2023 due to acceleration of approximately 51 million of stock-compensation expense relate to the recent departure of our Vice Chairman, partially offset lower personnel costs in connection with previously announced cost saving initiatives. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Depreciation 197 194 2 582 555 5 Amortization of intangible assets 14 14 (4) 44 44 Total depreciation and amortization 211 208 1 626 599 4 
 Depreciation increased 3 million and 27 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily as a result of increased depreciation related to capitalized website development costs. Amortization of intangible assets remained consistent during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 297 million related to our trivago segment. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recognized intangible impairment charges of 33 million and 15 million related to an indefinite-lived trade name within our trivago segment. 
 See Note 3 Fair Value Measurements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Legal Reserves, Occupancy Tax and Other 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other 59 N/A 100 6 N/A of revenue 1.4 0.9 0.1 
 Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other primarily consists of increases in our reserves for court decisions and the potential and final settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other taxes, expenses recognized related to monies paid in advance of occupancy and other tax proceedings pay-to-play as well as certain other items and legal reserves. 
 Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily included 92 million charge related to an Italian VAT settlement reserve, partially offset by net reductions to our reserve of 33 million related to hotel occupancy and other taxes due to the favorable resolution of a tax related case. Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included a 30 million charge related to digital service taxes for fiscal years 2022 and 2023 retroactively enacted by Canada in June 2024 and our donation of 20 million as part of a public-private partnership project to revitalize public parks along the Elliot Bay waterfront in Seattle, partially offset by an additional net reduction of to our reserve of 9 million for the favorable resolution of another tax related case. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the charges primarily included changes to our reserve related to other taxes. 
 Restructure and Related Reorganization Charges 
 In February 2024, we committed to restructuring actions to recalibrate resources as most of the Company s organizational and technological transformation is now completed, which have resulted in headcount reductions. As a result, we recognized 6 million and 72 million in restructuring and related reorganization charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which were predominately related to employee severance, stock-based compensation and benefits costs. Based on current plans which are subject to change, we expect total reorganization charges in the remainder of 2024 to be in the range of approximately 5 million to 10 million. These costs could be higher or lower should we make additional decisions in future periods that impact our reorganization efforts. 
 Operating Income 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Operating income 762 607 26 1,103 929 19 of revenue 18.8 15.5 10.5 9.3 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in operating income in the current year periods was primarily due to lower impairment charges in the current periods, partially offset by the legal reserve, occupancy and other charges as well as the restructuring charges discussed above. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA by Segment 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) B2C 1,028 1,056 (3) 1,897 1,857 2 B2B 338 266 27 773 605 28 trivago 14 18 (17) 51 N/A Unallocated overhead costs (Corporate) (130) (124) 6 (379) (365) 4 Total Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 1,250 1,216 3 2,291 2,148 7 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. See Definition and Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA below for more information. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is our primary segment operating metric. See Note 10 Segment Information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on intersegment transactions, unallocated overhead costs and for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA by segment to net income (loss) attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. for the periods presented above. 
 Our B2C segment Adjusted EBITDA decreased slightly during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, due to slight revenue declines as well as an increase in marketing spend. Our B2C segment Adjusted EBITDA increased slightly during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, as a result of revenue growth. Our B2B segment experienced an improvement in Adjusted EBITDA during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily as a result of strong revenue growth. Our trivago segment Adjusted EBITDA decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, as a result of revenue declines resulting from headwinds in its performance marketing channels. The quarter-to-date period was impacted by lower marketing costs while the year-to-date period was impacted by an increase in marketing costs. 
 Interest Income and Expense 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Interest income 67 56 21 185 162 15 Interest expense (61) (62) (184) (184) 
 
 Interest inco m e increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, as a result of higher rates of return. Interest expense remained consistent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 Other, Net 
 Other, net is comprised of the following: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 in millions) Foreign exchange rate gains (losses), net 32 (31) (29) (79) Gains (losses) on minority equity investments, net 74 (127) 121 (73) TripAdvisor tax indemnification adjustment 6 67 Gain on sale of businesses and investments, net 2 5 24 Other (2) 1 1 Total other, net 106 (157) 103 (60) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a 67 million gain, which together with amounts recorded in a prior period, represented the estimate of an indemnification reimbursement due to Expedia Group from TripAdvisor. During t he nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a 6 million gain related to an indemnification receivable for additional interest due to the IRS. See Provision for Income Taxes below for the corresponding charge to income tax expense. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change in millions) in millions) Provision for income taxes 190 139 37 284 295 (4) Effective tax rate 21.7 31.2 23.5 34.8 
 Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate. We record any changes affecting the estimated annual tax rate in the interim period in which the change occurs, including discrete items. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate was 21.7 , compared to 31.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a nondeductible goodwill impairment and nondeductible mark-to-market charges recorded in the prior year period. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate was 23.5 , compared to 34.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the effective tax rate was due to discrete tax effects of the TripAdvisor audit assessment recorded in the prior year period, as discussed further in Note 8 Income Taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 We are subject to taxation in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax filings are regularly examined by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. For tax years 2011 to 2013 and 2014 to 2016, the IRS issued final adjustments related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries. The 2011 to 2013 adjustments would result in federal income tax of approximately 244 million, subject to interest. The 2014 to 2016 adjustments would result in federal income tax of approximately 431 million, subject to interest. We do not agree with these adjustments and will continue to vigorously defend our position through administrative procedures. We are also under examination by the IRS for tax years 2017 to 2020. 
 In December 2021, the OECD released model rules introducing a 15 global minimum tax rate for large multinational corporations Pillar Two ). Certain countries in which we operate have enacted legislation consistent with the OECD model rules effective beginning in 2024. We considered the applicable tax laws in relevant jurisdictions and concluded there is no material impact to our tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company will continue to evaluate the potential impact of Pillar Two on future reporting periods. 
 Definition and Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA 
 We report Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Adjusted EBITDA is among the primary metrics by which management evaluates the performance of the business and on which internal budgets are based. Management believes that investors should have access to the same set of tools that management uses to analyze our results. This non-GAAP measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations in that it does not take into account the impact of certain expenses to our consolidated statements of operations. We endeavor to compensate for the limitation of the non-GAAP measure presented by also providing the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a description of the reconciling items and adjustments to derive the non-GAAP measure. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes certain items related to transactional tax matters, which may ultimately be settled in cash, and we urge investors to review the detailed disclosure regarding these matters included above, in the Legal Proceedings section, as well as the notes to the financial statements. The non-GAAP financial measure used by the Company may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. adjusted for (1) net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests; (2) provision for income taxes; (3) total other expenses, net; (4) stock-based compensation expense, including compensation expense related to certain subsidiary equity plans; (5) acquisition-related impacts, including (i) amortization of intangible assets and goodwill and intangible asset impairment, (ii) gains (losses) recognized on changes in the value of contingent consideration arrangements, if any, and (iii) upfront consideration paid to settle employee compensation plans of the acquiree, if any; (6) certain other items, including restructuring; (7) items included in 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 legal reserves, occupancy tax and other; (8) that portion of gains (losses) on revenue hedging activities that are included in other, net that relate to revenue recognized in the period; and (9) depreciation. 
 The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because these items are noncash in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items is unpredictable, not driven by core operating results and renders comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure for analysts and investors to evaluate our future on-going performance as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison of our performance and projected cash earnings with our historical results from prior periods and to the results of our competitors. Moreover, our management uses this measure internally to evaluate the performance of our business as a whole and our individual business segments. In addition, we believe that by excluding certain items, such as stock-based compensation and acquisition-related impacts, Adjusted EBITDA corresponds more closely to the cash operating income generated from our business and allows investors to gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting the ongoing cash earnings capabilities of our business, from which capital investments are made and debt is serviced. 
 The reconciliation of net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. to Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In millions) Net income attributable to Expedia Group, Inc. 684 425 935 665 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests (120) (12) (113) Provision for income taxes 190 139 284 295 Total other (income) expense, net (112) 163 (104) 82 Operating income 762 607 1,103 929 Gain (loss) on revenue hedges related to revenue recognized 32 (16) (12) Restructuring and related reorganization charges, excluding stock-based compensation 6 64 Legal reserves, occupancy tax and other 59 100 6 Stock-based compensation 147 105 365 314 Depreciation and amortization 211 208 626 599 Impairment of goodwill 297 297 Impairment of intangible assets 33 15 33 15 Adjusted EBITDA 1,250 1,216 2,291 2,148 
 
 Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are typically cash flows generated from operations, cash available under our credit facility as well as our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, which were 4.9 billion and 4.3 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the United States was 633 million 512 million in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries and 121 million in majority-owned subsidiaries). Our revolving credit facility with aggregate commitments of 2.5 billion was essentially untapped at September 30, 2024. 
 Our credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating agencies. As of September 30, 2024, Moody s rating was Baa2 with an outlook of stable, S P s rating was BBB with an outlook of stable and Fitch s rating was BBB- with an outlook of positive. Changes in our operating results, cash flows, financial position, capital structure, financial policy or capital allocations to share repurchase, dividends, investments and acquisitions could impact the ratings assigned by the various rating agencies. Should our credit ratings be adjusted downward, we may incur higher costs to borrow and/or limited access to capital markets and interest rates on our 6.25 senior notes, 4.625 senior notes as well as our 2.95 senior notes will increase, which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance w ith the covenants and conditions in our revolving credit facility and outstanding debt as detailed in Note 4 Debt in the notes to the consolidated f inancial statements. 
 Under the merchant model, we receive cash from travelers at the time of booking and we record these amounts on our consolidated balance sheets as deferred merchant bookings. We pay our airline suppliers related to these merchant model bookings generally within a few weeks after completing the transaction. For most other merchant bookings, which is primarily our merchant lodging business, we generally pay after the travelers use and, in some cases, subsequent billing from the hotel 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 suppliers. Therefore, generally we receive cash from the traveler prior to paying our supplier, and this operating cycle represents a working capital source of cash to us. Typically, the seasonal fluctuations in our merchant hotel bookings have affected the timing of our annual cash flows. Generally, during the first half of the year, hotel bookings have traditionally exceeded stays, resulting in much higher cash flow related to working capital. During the second half of the year, this pattern typically reverses and cash flows are typically negative. 
 Our cash flows are as follows: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (In millions) Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,887 2,928 (41) Investing activities (901) (635) (266) Financing activities (1,590) (1,599) 9 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents (11) (53) 42 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities remained consistent with net cash provided by operating activities in the prior year period. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had net cash used in investing activities of 901 million compared to 635 million in the prior year period. The change was primarily due to net purchases of investments in the current period compared to sales of investments in the prior year period, partially offset by lower current period capital expenditures. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities primarily included 1.6 billion of cash paid to acquire shares, including the repurchased shares under the authorization discussed below and for treasury stock activity related to the vesting of equity instruments, partially offset by 77 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities primarily included 1.7 billion of cash paid to acquire shares, including the repurchased shares under repurchase programs and for treasury stock activity related to the vesting of equity instruments, partially offset by 53 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans. 
 In October 2023, the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors, pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Board, authorized an additional program to repurchase up to 5 billion of our common stock 2023 Share Repurchase Program ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased, through open market transactions, 11.2 million shares under 2023 Share Repurchase Program for a total cost of approximately 1.5 billion, excluding transaction costs and excise tax due under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. As of September 30, 2024, 3.4 billion remain authorized for repurchase under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program. Our 2023 Share Repurchase Programs does not have fixed expiration dates and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be subject to the discretion of the Company and depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of Expedia Group s common stock, general market and economic conditions, regulatory requirements and other business considerations. 
 Foreign exchange rate changes resulted in a decrease of our cash and restricted cash balances denominated in foreign currency during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 11 million compared to 53 million decrease in the prior year period reflecting higher net depreciation in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar in the prior year period. 
 Other than discussed above, there have been no material changes outside the normal course of business to our contractual obligations and commercial commitments since December 31, 2023. 
 In our opinion, our liquidity position provides sufficient capital resources to meet our foreseeable cash needs. There can be no assurance, however, that the cost or availability of future borrowings, including refinancings, if any, will be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 Summarized Financial Information for Guarantors and the Issuer of Guaranteed Securities 
 Summarized financial information of Expedia Group, Inc. (the Parent and our subsidiaries that are guarantors of our debt facility and instruments (the Guarantor Subsidiaries is shown below on a combined basis as the Obligor Group. The debt facility and instruments are guaranteed by certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and rank equally in right of 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The guarantees are full, unconditional, joint and several with the exception of certain customary automatic subsidiary release provisions. In this summarized financial information of the Obligor Group, all intercompany balances and transactions between the Parent and Guarantor Subsidiaries have been eliminated and all information excludes subsidiaries that are not issuers or guarantors of our debt facility and instruments, including earnings from and investments in these entities. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Combined Balance Sheets Information: Current Assets 8,849 7,408 Non-Current Assets 10,573 10,399 Current Liabilities (1) 
 15,218 11,949 Non-Current Liabilities 5,778 6,792 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Combined Statements of Operations Information: Revenue 8,100 10,122 Operating income (2) 
 754 714 Net income 568 566 Net income attributable to Obligors 580 675 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Current liabilities include intercompany payables with non-guarantors of 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024 and 804 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Operating income includes net intercompany income with non-guarantors of 471 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 152 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk Management 
 There have been no material changes in our market risk during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, see Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our management, including our Chairman and Senior Executive, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman and Senior Executive, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, Expedia Group and its subsidiaries are parties to legal proceedings and claims involving property, tax, personal injury, contract, alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights and other claims. A discussion of certain legal proceedings can be found in the section titled Legal Proceedings, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The following are developments regarding, as applicable, such legal proceedings and/or new legal proceedings: 
 
 Litigation Relating to Occupancy and Other Taxes 
 State of Louisiana/City of New Orleans Litigation. On October 8, 2024, the Louisiana Supreme Court denied plaintiffs writ applications, thereby ending the matter. 
 Clark County, Nevada Litigation. The United States Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has scheduled argument on the appeal for December 8, 2024. 
 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 Israeli Putative Class Action Lawsuit (Silis). On May 8, 2024 , this case was closed by the court, thereby ending the matter. 
 Helms Burton Litigation. On October 31, 2024, the court granted defendants motion for summary judgment on all claims in the Trinidad matter. 
 Paris City Hall Litigation. On October 22, 2024, the court issued an opinion affirming the trial court s dismissal of all claims against Homeaway UK. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. These are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Part II. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 In October 2023, the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors, pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Board, authorized an additional program to repurchase up to 5 billion of our common stock. A summary of the repurchase activity for the third quarter of 2024 is as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs (In thousands, expect per share data) July 1-31, 2024 801 129.08 801 3,672,799 August 1-31, 2024 1,416 131.26 1,416 3,487,019 September 1-30, 2024 849 138.22 849 3,369,632 Total 3,066 3,066 

Part II. Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Plan Elections 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Incorporated by Reference Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date 22 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries of Expedia Group, Inc. 
 X 31.1 Certification of the Chairman and Senior Executive pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.3 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of the Chairman and Senior Executive pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.3 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. X 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 
 November 7, 2024 Expedia Group, Inc. By: /s/ Julie Whalen Julie Whalen Chief Financial Officer 
 39 

<EX-22>
 2
 ex22-q32024.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 
 As of November 7, 2024, the following subsidiaries of Expedia Group, Inc. (the Parent are Subsidiary Guarantors with respect to our outstanding debt securities 
 
 Guarantor Jurisdiction of Formation Cruise, LLC United States - WA EAN.com, LP United States - DE Expedia Group Commerce, Inc. United States DE Expedia, Inc. United States - WA Expedia LX Partner Business, Inc. United States DE Higher Power Nutrition Common Holdings, LLC United States - DE HomeAway Software, Inc. United States - DE HomeAway.com, Inc. United States - DE Hotels.com GP, LLC United States - TX Hotels.com, L.P. United States - TX Hotwire, Inc. United States - DE HRN 99 Holdings, LLC United States - NY LEMS I LLC United States - DE Liberty Protein, Inc. United States - DE O Holdings Inc. United States DE Orbitz, LLC United States - DE Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. United States - DE Travelscape, LLC United States - NV VRBO Holdings, Inc. United States - DE WWTE, Inc. United States NV 

</EX-22>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Barry Diller, Chairman and Senior Executive of Expedia Group, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Expedia Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 s BARRY DILLER Barry Diller Chairman and Senior Executive 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Ariane Gorin, Chief Executive Officer of Expedia Group, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Expedia Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 s ARIANE GORIN Ariane Gorin Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 ex313-q32024.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 Certification 
 I, Julie Whalen, Chief Financial Officer of Expedia Group, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Expedia Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s JULIE WHALEN Julie Whalen Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Barry Diller, Chairman and Senior Executive of Expedia Group, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s BARRY DILLER Barry Diller Chairman and Senior Executive 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ariane Gorin, Chief Executive Officer of Expedia Group, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 7, 2024 s ARIANE GORIN Ariane Gorin Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 ex323-q32024.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Julie Whalen, Chief Financial Officer of Expedia Group, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s JULIE WHALEN Julie Whalen Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 expe-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 expe-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 expe-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 expe-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 expe-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

