<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1363829_0001363829-24-000147.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24518783</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3610503</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11985481</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4104094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3819231</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001363829-24-000147.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112060551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001363829-24-000147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enstar Group LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001363829
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				999999999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33289
		FILM NUMBER:		241442808

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX HM 2267, A.S. COOPER BUILDING
		STREET 2:		26 REID STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 11
		BUSINESS PHONE:		441-292-3645

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX HM 2267, A.S. COOPER BUILDING
		STREET 2:		26 REID STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 11

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Castlewood Holdings LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060523

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001363829-24-000147.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 esgr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

esgr-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 BERMUDA N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered LLC LLC Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series D, Par Value 1.00 Per Share LLC Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series E, Par Value 1.00 Per Share 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As at November 8, 2024, the registrant had outstanding voting ordinary shares, par value 1.00 per share. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Enstar Group Limited 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 For the Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 Table of Contents 

Page Glossary of Key Terms 
 3 
 PART I Item 1. Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 61 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 107 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 107 
 PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 108 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 108 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 111 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 111 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 111 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 111 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 113 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 
 
 A E Asbestos and environmental Acquisition costs Costs that are directly related to the successful efforts of acquiring new insurance contracts or renewing existing insurance contracts, and which principally consist of incremental costs such as: commissions, brokerage expenses, premium taxes and other fees incurred at the time that a contract or policy is issued. ADC Adverse development cover A retrospective reinsurance arrangement that will insure losses in excess of an established reserve and provide protection up to a contractually agreed amount. Adjusted RLE Adjusted run-off liability earnings - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing adjusted prior period development by average adjusted net loss reserves. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconciliation. Adjusted ROE Adjusted return on equity - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders by adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholders equity. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconciliation. Adjusted TIR Adjusted total investment return - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing adjusted total investment return by average adjusted total investable assets. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconciliation. AFS Available-for-sale ALAE 
 Allocated loss adjustment expenses 
 Allianz Allianz SE AmTrust AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Annualized 
 Calculation of the quarterly result or year-to-date result multiplied by four and then divided by the number of quarters elapsed within the applicable year-to-date period. AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income APIC 
 Additional Paid-in Capital ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Arden Arden Reinsurance Company Ltd. Atrium Atrium Underwriting Group Limited bps 
 Basis point(s) BMA Bermuda Monetary Authority BSCR Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement BVPS Book value per ordinary share - GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing Enstar ordinary shareholders equity by the number of ordinary shares outstanding. Cavello Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary CODM Chief operating decision maker Citco Citco III Limited CLO Collateralized loan obligation Core Specialty Core Specialty Insurance Holdings, Inc. DCo DCo LLC Defendant A E liabilities Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities - Non-insurance liabilities relating to amounts for indemnity and defense costs for pending and future claims, as well as amounts for environmental liabilities associated with properties. DCA Deferred charge asset - The amount by which estimated ultimate losses payable exceed the consideration received at the inception of a retroactive reinsurance agreement and that are subsequently amortized over the estimated loss settlement period. DGL 
 Deferred gain liability - The amount by which consideration received exceeds estimated ultimate losses payable at the inception of a retroactive reinsurance agreement and that are subsequently amortized over the estimated loss settlement period. EB Trust Enstar Group Limited Employee Benefit Trust 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 

Enhanzed Re Enhanzed Reinsurance Ltd. Enstar Enstar Group Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries Enstar Finance Enstar Finance LLC FAL Funds at Lloyd's - A deposit in the form of cash, securities, letters of credit or other approved capital instrument that satisfies the capital requirement to support the Lloyd's syndicate underwriting capacity. FDBVPS 
 Fully diluted book value per ordinary share - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing Enstar ordinary shareholders equity by the number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for equity awards granted and not yet vested (similar to the calculation of diluted earnings per share). See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Item 7 for reconciliation. Funds held The account created with premium due to the reinsurer pursuant to the reinsurance agreement, the balance of which is credited with investment income and losses paid are deducted. Funds held by reinsured companies Funds held, as described above, where we receive a fixed crediting rate of return or other contractually agreed return on the assets held. Funds held - directly managed Funds held, as described above, where we receive the actual investment portfolio return on the assets held. Future policyholder benefits The liability relating to life reinsurance contracts, which are based on the present value of anticipated future cash flows and mortality rates. GCM Fund 
 GCM Blue Sails Infrastructure Offshore Opportunities Fund, L.P. IAG 
 Insurance Australia Group IBNR Incurred but not reported - The estimated liability for unreported claims that have been incurred, as well as estimates for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves as well as the potential for closed claims to re-open. ILS 
 Insurance Linked Securities Investable assets The sum of total investments, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and funds held JSOP Joint Share Ownership Plan LAE Loss adjustment expenses Lloyd's This term may refer to either the society of individual and corporate underwriting members that pool and spread risks as members of one or more syndicates, or the Corporation of Lloyd s, which regulates and provides support services to the Lloyd s market LOC Letter of credit LPT Loss Portfolio Transfer - Retroactive reinsurance transaction in which loss obligations that are already incurred are ceded to a reinsurer, subject to any stipulated limits Merger 
 Series of mergers resulting in the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Elk Bidco Limited, an exempted company limited by shares existing under the laws of Bermuda Merger Agreement 
 Enstar Group Limited entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Elk Bidco Limited, which is backed by equity commitments from investment vehicles managed or advised by affiliates of Sixth Street Partners, LLC. Monument Midco 
 Monument Midco Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Monument Re Monument Re Monument Insurance Group Limited Morse TEC Morse TEC LLC NAV Net asset value NCI Noncontrolling interests New business Material transactions, which generally take the form of reinsurance or direct business transfers, or business acquisitions. NIFO 
 Net investment in foreign operation Northshore Northshore Holdings Limited OLR Outstanding loss reserves - Provisions for claims that have been reported and accrued but are unpaid at the balance sheet date. Parent 
 Elk Bidco Limited 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 

pps 
 Percentage point(s) PPD Prior period development - Changes to loss estimates recognized in the current calendar year that relate to loss reserves established in previous calendar years. Private equity funds Investments in limited partnerships and limited liability companies QBE 
 QBE Insurance Group Limited RACQ 
 RACQ Insurance Limited Reinsurance to close (RITC) A business transaction to transfer estimated future liabilities attached to a given year of account of a Lloyd's syndicate into a later year of account of either the same or different Lloyd's syndicate in return for a premium. Reserves for losses and LAE Management's best estimate of the ultimate cost of settling losses as of the balance sheet date. This includes OLR and IBNR. Retroactive reinsurance Contracts that provide indemnification for losses and LAE with respect to past loss events. RLE Run-off liability earnings GAAP-based financial measure calculated by dividing prior period development by average net loss reserves. RNCI Redeemable noncontrolling interests ROE Return on equity - GAAP-based financial measure calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders by opening Enstar ordinary shareholders equity Run-off A line of business that has been classified as discontinued by the insurer that initially underwrote the given risk Run-off portfolio A group of insurance policies classified as run-off. SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SGL No. 1 SGL No. 1 Limited Sixth Street 
 Sixth Street Partners, LLC SSHL 
 StarStone Specialty Holdings Limited 
 StarStone International StarStone's non-U.S. operations StarStone U.S. StarStone U.S. Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries Stone Point Stone Point Capital LLC TIR Total investment return - GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing total investment return, including other comprehensive income, for the applicable period by average total investable assets Trident V Funds Trident V, L.P., Trident V Parallel Fund, L.P. and Trident V Professionals Fund, L.P. U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ULAE Unallocated loss adjustment expenses - Loss adjustment expenses relating to run-off costs for the estimated payout of the run-off, such as internal claim management or associated operational support costs. Unearned premium 
 The unexpired portion of policy premiums that will be earned over the remaining term of the insurance contract. VIE Variable interest entity 
 5 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This quarterly report and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of our management, as well as the markets for our securities and the insurance and reinsurance sectors in general. 
 Statements that include words such as "estimate," "project," "plan," "intend," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "would," "should," "could," "seek," "may" and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature identify forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws or otherwise. 
 All forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates or expectations, and not statements of historical fact, reflecting the best judgment of our management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. 
 These forward looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risk factors include: 
 the completion of the Merger (as defined herein) on the anticipated terms and timing; 
 the satisfaction of other conditions to the completion of the Merger, including obtaining required regulatory approvals; 
 the risk that our stock price may fluctuate during the pendency of the Merger and may decline if the Merger is not completed; 
 potential litigation relating to the Merger that has and could be instituted against us or our directors, managers or officers, including the effects of any outcomes related thereto; 
 the risk that disruptions from the Merger (including the ability of certain customers to terminate or amend contracts upon a change of control) will harm our business, including current plans and operations, including during the pendency of the Merger; 
 our ability to retain and hire key personnel; 
 the diversion of management s time and attention from ordinary course business operations to completion of the Merger and integration matters; 
 potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the Merger; 
 legislative, regulatory and economic developments; 
 potential business uncertainty, including changes to existing business relationships, during the pendency of the Merger that could affect our financial performance; 
 certain restrictions during the pendency of the proposed Merger that may impact our ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; 
 unpredictability and severity of catastrophic events, including but not limited to acts of terrorism, outbreaks of war or hostilities or global pandemics, as well as management s response to any of the aforementioned factors; 
 the possibility that the Merger may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; 
 unexpected costs, liabilities or delays associated with the Merger; 
 the response of competitors to the Merger; 
 the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger, including in circumstances requiring us to pay a termination fee; 
 the risk that an active trading market for the newly issued preferred shares that our holders of the depositary shares representing our preferred shares will receive in the Merger does not exist and may not develop; 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

the adequacy of our loss reserves and the need to adjust such reserves as claims develop over time, including due to the impact of emerging claim and coverage issues and disputes that could impact reserve adequacy; 
 risks relating to our acquisitions, including our ability to evaluate opportunities, successfully price acquisitions, address operational challenges, support our planned growth and assimilate acquired portfolios and companies into our internal control system in order to maintain effective internal controls, provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud; 
 risks relating to climate change and its potential impact on the returns from our run-off business and our investments; 
 changes in tax laws or regulations applicable to us or our subsidiaries, including the Bermuda Corporate Income Tax, or the risk that we or one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries become subject to significant, or significantly increased, income taxes in the U.S. or elsewhere; 
 the risk that U.S. persons who own our ordinary shares might become subject to adverse U.S. tax consequences as a result of related person insurance income; 
 risks relating to our ability to obtain regulatory approvals, including the timing, terms and conditions of any such approvals, and to satisfy other closing conditions in connection with our acquisition agreements, which could affect our ability to complete acquisitions; 
 risks relating to the variability of statutory capital requirements and the risk that we may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms; 
 the risk that our reinsurance subsidiaries may not be able to provide the required collateral to ceding companies pursuant to their reinsurance contracts, including through the use of letters of credit; 
 risks relating to the availability and collectability of our ceded reinsurance; 
 the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute funds to us and the resulting impact on our liquidity; 
 losses due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 the risk that the value of our investment portfolios and the investment income that we receive from these portfolios may decline materially as a result of market fluctuations and economic conditions, including those related to interest rates, credit spreads and equity prices (including the risk that we may realize losses related to declines in the value of our investment portfolios if we elect to, or are required to, sell investments with unrealized losses); 
 risks relating to our ability to structure our investments in a manner that recognizes our liquidity needs; 
 risks relating to our strategic investments in alternative asset classes and joint ventures, which are illiquid and may be volatile; 
 risks relating to our ability to accurately value our investments, which require methodologies, estimates and assumptions that can be highly subjective, and the inaccuracy of which could adversely affect our financial condition; 
 risks relating to our liquidity demands and the structure of our investment portfolios, which may adversely affect the performance of our investment portfolio and financial results; 
 risks relating to the complex regulatory environment in which we operate, including that ongoing or future industry regulatory developments will disrupt our business, affect the ability of our subsidiaries to operate in the ordinary course or to make distributions to us, or mandate changes in industry practices in ways that increase our costs, decrease our revenues or require us to alter aspects of the way we do business; 
 risks relating to laws and regulations regarding sanctions and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; 
 the risk that some of our directors, large shareholders and their affiliates have interests that can create conflicts of interest through related party transactions; 
 the risk that outsourced providers could breach their obligations to us which could adversely affect our business and results of operations; 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

operational risks, including cybersecurity events, external hazards, human failures or other difficulties with our information technology systems that could disrupt our business or result in the loss of critical and confidential information, increased costs; and 
 risks relating to the ownership of our shares resulting from certain provisions of our bye-laws and our status as a Bermuda company. 
 The factors listed above should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors that are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 10 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine months ended September 30 , 2024 and 2023 
 12 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 14 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine months ended September 30 , 2024 and 2023 
 15 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 17 
 Note 1 - Merger Agreement 
 17 
 Note 2 - Basis of Presentation 
 18 
 Note 3 - Significant New Business and Business Acquisitions 
 20 
 Note 4 - Segment Information 
 21 
 Note 5 - Investments 
 23 
 Note 6 - Derivatives and Hedging Instruments 
 30 
 Note 7 - Deferred Charge Assets 
 33 
 Note 8 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 33 
 Note 9 - Future Policyholder Benefits 
 37 
 Note 10 - Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 
 39 
 Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements 
 40 
 Note 12 - Variable Interest Entities 
 48 
 Note 1 3 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 49 
 Note 1 4 - Noncontrolling Interests 
 50 
 Note 1 5 - Shareholders' Equity 
 51 
 Note 1 6 - Earnings Per Share 
 55 
 Note 1 7 - Related Party Transactions 
 56 
 Note 1 8 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 59 
 Note 19 - Subsequent Events 
 60 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 9 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars, except share data) ASSETS Short-term investments, trading, at fair value Short-term investments, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2024 ; 2023 
 Fixed maturities, trading, at fair value Fixed maturities, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2024 ; 2023 ; net of allowance: 2023 
 Funds held Equities, at fair value (cost: 2024 ; 2023 
 Other investments, at fair value (includes consolidated variable interest entity: 2024 - ; 2023 - 
 Equity method investments Total investments Note 5 and Note 11 
 Cash and cash equivalents (includes consolidated variable interest entity: 2023 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Accrued interest receivable Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses (net of allowance: 2024 ; 2023 
 Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses, at fair value Note 11 
 Insurance balances recoverable (net of allowance: 2024 ; 2023 ( Note 10 
 Net deferred charge assets Note 7 
 Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Losses and loss adjustment expenses Note 8 
 Losses and loss adjustment expenses, at fair value Note 8 and Note 11 
 Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities Note 10 
 Insurance and reinsurance balances payable Debt obligations Other liabilities (includes consolidated variable interest entity: 2024 and 2023 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Note 1 8 
 each, issued and outstanding 2024: ; 2023: 
 Preferred Shares: Series D Preferred Shares (issued and outstanding 2024 and 2023: ; liquidation preference 
 Series E Preferred Shares (issued and outstanding 2024 and 2023: ; liquidation preference 
 Treasury shares, at cost: Series C Preferred shares (all issued shares held in treasury in 2024 and 2023: 
 ) ) Joint Share Ownership Plan (voting ordinary shares, held in trust 2024 and 2023: 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Enstar Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling interests Note 1 4 
 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 10 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) REVENUES Net premiums earned Net investment income Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments Other income (loss) ) Total revenues EXPENSES Net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses Current period Prior periods ) ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ) ) ) ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets Acquisition costs General and administrative expenses Goodwill impairment Interest expense Net foreign exchange losses (gains) ) ) Total expenses INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income tax benefit (expense) ) (Loss) income from equity method investments ) ) ) NET INCOME Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS Earnings per ordinary share attributable to Enstar Ordinary Shareholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 11 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars) NET INCOME Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, available-for-sale arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized (gains) losses included in net income ) Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of reclassification adjustments ) ) Reclassification adjustment for remeasurement of future policyholder benefits included in net income ) Change in currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Instrument-specific credit risk ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 12 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Share Capital Preferred Shares Treasury Shares Voting Ordinary Shares Series D Series E Series C Preferred Shares JSOP APIC AOCI Retained Earnings Total Enstar Shareholders' Equity NCI Total Shareholders' Equity (in millions of U.S. dollars) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance as at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Enstar or noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Redemptions of noncontrolling interest ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Balance as at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance as at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Enstar or noncontrolling interests (excludes redeemable noncontrolling interests) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance as at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 13 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Share Capital (1) 
 Non-voting Convertible Ordinary Shares Preferred Shares Treasury Shares Voting Ordinary Shares Series C Series D Series E Series C Preferred Shares JSOP APIC AOCI Retained Earnings Total Enstar Shareholders' Equity NCI Total Shareholders' Equity (in millions of U.S. dollars) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance as at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Enstar or noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Acquisition of noncontrolling shareholders' interest in subsidiary ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance as at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Enstar or noncontrolling interests (excludes redeemable noncontrolling interests) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Acquisition of noncontrolling shareholders' interest in subsidiary ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Balance as at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) million. 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 14 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities: Realized (gains) losses on investments ) Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments ) ) Goodwill impairment Amortization of net deferred charge assets Depreciation, accretion and other amortization ) Net gain on Enhanzed Re novation ) Loss (income) from equity method investments ) Other adjustments ) Changes in: Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Losses and loss adjustment expenses ) ) Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities ) ) Insurance and reinsurance balances payable Other operating assets and liabilities ) Funds held ) Cash from (used in) operating activities: Cash consideration for the Enhanzed Re novation Sales and maturities of trading securities Purchases of trading securities ) ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities Purchase of available-for-sale securities ) ) Purchase of other investments ) ) Proceeds from other investments Proceeds from the sale of equity method investments Other Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Dividends on preferred shares ) ) Repurchase of shares ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON FOREIGN CURRENCY CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 15 

Table of Contents 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Income taxes (received) paid, net of refunds ) Interest paid Reconciliation to Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Non-cash operating activities: Novation of future policy holder benefits Funds held directly managed transferred in exchange on novation of future policy holder benefits ) Other assets / liabilities transferred on novation of future policy holder benefits ) Losses and loss adjustment expenses transferred in connection with settlement of participation in Atrium's Syndicate 609 Investments transferred in connection with settlement of participation in Atrium's Syndicate 609 ) Non-cash investing activities: Unsettled purchases of available-for-sale securities and other investments ) Unsettled sales of available-for-sale securities and other investments ) Receipt of warrants as consideration in exchange for assumption of reinsurance contract liabilities Receipt of AFS securities as consideration in exchange for assumption of reinsurance contract liabilities Redemption of noncontrolling interest in investment fund ) Non-cash financing activities: 
 Redemption of noncontrolling interest in investment fund 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 16 

Table of Contents 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 per share, will be converted into the right to receive in cash per ordinary share, except for shares held by Sixth Street and certain shareholders who will reinvest in the merged entity. The total consideration to be paid to our shareholders is approximately billion. Completion of the Merger remains subject to certain conditions, including certain regulatory approvals. The Merger is currently expected to close in mid-2025. 
 In connection with the Merger Agreement, any Company restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, deferred stock awards, and performance shares that are outstanding immediately prior to completion of the Merger will generally become vested and are included in the consideration. As part of the consideration, Enstar has agreed to a return of capital of approximately million to the Company s shareholders, which is included as part of the total per ordinary share in cash to be received. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company's ordinary shares will no longer be publicly listed, and the Company will become a privately-held company. 
 The Merger Agreement contains termination rights for the Company and Sixth Street upon the occurrence of certain events, including, among others: 
 1. if the consummation of the Merger does not occur on or before July 29, 2025 (the Closing Date except that if the effective time of the Merger has not occurred by July 29, 2025 due to the fact that all required applicable regulatory approvals have not been obtained on acceptable terms but all other conditions to closing have been satisfied (other than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the closing, each of which is capable of being satisfied) or (to the extent permitted by law) waived, the Closing Date would be automatically extended by another ; 
 2. if the Company wishes to terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement); and 
 3. if Sixth Street wishes to terminate the Merger Agreement upon the occurrence of a Specified Debt Event of Default (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 
 Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including, among others, the termination by the Company in the event of a change of recommendation by the Company s Board of Directors or in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, the Company would be required to pay Sixth Street a termination fee of million. In addition, upon termination of the Merger Agreement by Sixth Street, under certain circumstances, Sixth Street would be required to pay the Company a termination fee of million, or if Sixth Street terminates the Merger Agreement upon a Specified Debt Event of Default, a termination fee of million. 
 Fees and other expenses that are contingent on the closing of the Merger are estimated to range from million to million for consulting and advisory, legal services and employee related bonuses. These contingent fees and expenses will not be accrued and will be recognized in our financial statements in the period when the Merger closes and will be paid using our financial resources and not from any of the merger consideration (which is being paid entirely to ordinary shareholders). 
 Non-contingent Merger related costs, such as those related to legal services, filing fees, administrative fees and employee expenses have been expensed as incurred within general and administrative expenses within these financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 17 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 1. Merger Agreement 

The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2. Basis of Presentation 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 3. Significant New Business and Business Acquisitions 

million for the portfolio. 
 LPT and ADC U.S., U.K. and Europe Property catastrophe and COVID-19 exposures LPT Varies (2) 
 Global Product public liability, compulsory third-party motor, professional risks, and workers compensation ADC Australia 
 (1) Where the estimated ultimate losses payable exceed the consideration received at the inception of the agreement, a deferred charge asset DCA is recorded. Refer to Note 7 for additional information. 
 (2) The limits vary dependent on each individual covered contract under the agreement. 
 
 Signed reinsurance agreements not closed as of September 30, 2024 
 US commercial liability, general aviation, and workers compensation (3) 
 August 8, 2024 LPT Total 
 (1) Estimated reserves are subject to changes following the closing of the transactions. 
 (2) Transaction closed on October 1, 2024. 
 (3) Transaction closed on October 31, 2024. 
 
 Signed business acquisitions not closed as of September 30, 2024 
 On September 6, 2024, we entered into an agreement to purchase of the voting and non-voting shares in a Class 3B Bermuda-based reinsurer and segregated accounts company within the property catastrophe ILS market for an estimated purchase price of million. The transaction closed on November 5, 2024. Following closing, we merged the reinsurer into Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello ). 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 4. Segment Information 

reportable segments: (i) Run-off and (ii) Investments. In addition, our Corporate and other activities, which do not qualify as an operating segment, include income and expense items that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments and activities from the former Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting reportable segments. 
 Effective January 1, 2024, each of our Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting reportable segments were determined to no longer meet the definition of reportable segments as they no longer engage in any active business activities following the series of commutation and novation transactions in Enhanzed Re and the settlement of the arrangements between SGL No. 1, Arden, and Atrium. Given the cessation of business activities and that all remaining activities are not expected to be material, all residual income or expense of the former Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting reportable segments will be prospectively included within our Corporate and other activities. 
 The Assumed Life segment previously included Enhanzed Re s life and property aggregate excess of loss (catastrophe) business. In August 2022, Enhanzed Re entered into a Master Agreement with Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enstar, and Allianz, pursuant to which a series of commutation and novation agreements were completed which ceased any continuing reinsurance obligations for this segment. We recognized the impact of transactions that closed in the fourth quarter of 2022 in the first quarter of 2023 due to the one quarter lag in reporting. 
 The Legacy Underwriting segment previously included participation in direct underwriting activities, including a participation within 2020 and prior underwriting years of Atrium's Syndicate 609 at Lloyd's, offset by the contractual transfer of the results of that business to the Atrium entities that were divested in an exchange transaction. All remaining contractual arrangements were settled in the second quarter of 2023. Other than the settlement of these amounts, no other transactions were recorded in the Legacy Underwriting segment in 2023. 
 Our assets are reviewed on a consolidated basis by management for decision making purposes since they support business operations across both of our reportable segments as well as our Corporate and other activities. We do not allocate assets to our reportable segments with the exception of (re)insurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses and goodwill (all goodwill is attributable to the Run-off segment) that are directly attributable to our reportable segments. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 4. Segment Information 

Investments Assumed Life (1) 
 Subtotal Corporate and other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total revenues (Loss) income from equity method investments Investments ) ) ) Segment net (loss) income Run-off 
 ) ) ) ) Investments 
 Assumed Life (1) 
 Total segment net income Corporate and other (1) : 
 Other expense (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses LAE (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Net foreign exchange (losses) gains ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) ) Total - Corporate and other loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to Enstar Ordinary Shareholders 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2024, Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting were determined to no longer meet the definition of reportable segments and their residual income and loss activities were prospectively included in Corporate and other activities. Activities prior to January 1, 2024 are recorded in their respective segments. In addition, Legacy Underwriting had no revenue or income activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and therefore is excluded from the table above. 
 (2) Other expense for Corporate and other activities includes the amortization of fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of DCo and Morse TEC. 
 (3) Net incurred losses and LAE for Corporate and other activities includes fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies and the changes in the discount rate and risk margin components of the fair value of assets and liabilities related to our assumed retroactive reinsurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 22 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

U.K. government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Total fixed maturity and short-term investments 
 December 31, 2023 Short-term investments, trading Short-term investments, AFS Fixed maturities, trading Fixed maturities, AFS Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) U.S. government and agency U.K. government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Total fixed maturity and short-term investments 
 Included within residential mortgage-backed securities as of September 30, 2024 were securities issued by U.S. governmental agencies with a fair value of million (December 31, 2023: million). 
 million (December 31, 2023: million). 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 23 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

More than one year through five years More than five years through ten years More than ten years Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed 
 
 ) U.K. government ) Other government ) Corporate ) Municipal ) Residential mortgage-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) Asset-backed ) ) 
 Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses As of December 31, 2023 
 Amortized Cost Non-Credit Related Losses Allowance for Credit Losses Fair Value (in millions of U.S. dollars) U.S. government and agency ) U.K. government ) Other government ) Corporate ) ) Municipal ) Residential mortgage-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 24 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

) ) ) U.K. government ) ) Other government ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Municipal ) ) Residential mortgage-backed ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) Total short-term and fixed maturity investments ) ) ) 
 12 Months or Greater Less Than 12 Months Total As of December 31, 2023 Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (in millions of U.S. dollars) U.S. government and agency ) ) ) U.K. government ) ) Other government ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Municipal ) ) Residential mortgage-backed ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) Total short-term and fixed maturity investments ) ) ) 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the number of securities classified as AFS in an unrealized loss position for which an allowance for credit loss is not recorded was and , respectively. Of these securities, the number of securities that had been in an unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer was and , respectively. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 
 ) ) ) ) Allowances for credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded ) ) Decrease to the allowance for credit losses on securities that had an allowance recorded in the previous period Allowance for credit losses, end of period ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Corporate Commercial mortgage backed Total Other government Corporate Commercial mortgage backed Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Allowance for credit losses, beginning of period ) ) ) ) ) ) Allowances for credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded ) ) ) ) ) Reductions for securities sold during the period Decrease to the allowance for credit losses on securities that had an allowance recorded in the previous period Allowance for credit losses, end of period ) ) ) 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any write-offs charged against the allowance for credit losses or any recoveries of amounts previously written off. 

Publicly traded equity investments in common and preferred stocks Exchange-traded funds Warrants and other 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 26 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

Private credit funds Hedge funds Fixed income funds Real estate fund CLO equity funds CLO equities Equity funds 
 Other investments, including equities measured at fair value using NAV as a practical expedient 
 We use NAV as a practical expedient to fair value certain of our other investments, including equities. 
 not eligible/ restricted Other investments Private equity funds quarterly Private credit funds not eligible / restricted Hedge funds monthly to bi-annually Fixed income funds monthly to quarterly Real estate fund not eligible/ restricted CLO equity funds quarterly to bi-annually 
 (1) Redemption frequency relates to unrestricted amounts. 
 
 Monument Re (1) 
 Positive Physicians Holdings, Inc 
 
 of the common shares in Monument Re. We converted all of our preferred shares in Monument Midco to common shares in Monument Re on January 2, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, we owned of the common shares in Monument Re as well as preferred shares in Monument Midco which had fixed dividend yields (where declared). 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

Funds held by reinsured companies Total funds held 
 Funds Held - Directly Managed 
 Fair value changes in: Accumulated change in fair value - embedded derivative accounting ) ) Funds held - directly managed, at fair value 
 The majority of our funds held - directly managed is comprised of short-term and fixed maturities. The million decrease in funds held - directly managed from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by net paid losses. 
 Funds Held by Reinsured Companies 
 Fair value of embedded derivative (1) 
 Funds held by reinsured companies 
 
 million decrease in funds held by reinsured companies from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by net paid losses primarily related to the Aspen LPT. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

Short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents Funds held Investment income from fixed maturities and cash and cash equivalents Equity investments Other investments Investment income from equities and other investments Gross investment income Investment expenses ) ) ) ) Net investment income 

Gross realized losses on fixed maturity securities, AFS ) ) ) ) Decrease in allowance for expected credit losses on fixed maturity securities, AFS Total net realized gains (losses) on sales ) ) Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments: Fixed maturity securities, trading ) ) Funds held - directly managed ) ) Equity securities Other investments Investment derivatives Total fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments Net realized gains and fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments 
 The gross realized gains and losses on AFS investments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included in the table above resulted from sales of AFS investments of million and million, respectively. The gross realized gains and losses on AFS investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included in the table above resulted from sales of million and billion, respectively. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5. Investments 

million and million, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, was as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Collateral in trust for third party agreements Assets on deposit with regulatory authorities Collateral for secured letter of credit facilities Funds at Lloyd's (1) 
 
 Lloyd's syndicate as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Lloyd's determines the required capital principally through the use of an internal model that calculates a solvency capital requirement for each syndicate. This capital is referred to as FAL and will be drawn upon in the event that a syndicate has a loss that cannot be funded from other sources. 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 30 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING INSTRUMENTS 

In June 2024, we entered into one-month forward interest rate swaps each with a different underlying swap term of to years, receiving a fixed rate and paying a floating rate with a notional value of million to (1) partially mitigate the risk that interest rates could decrease prior to our receipt of the premium consideration and (2) reduce asset and liability mismatch risk driven by investment restrictions for the LPT transaction related to property catastrophe and COVID-19 exposures signed on June 4, 2024, which closed in the third quarter of 2024 as disclosed in Note 3. 
 Additionally, in June 2024, we entered into one-month forward interest rate swaps, receiving a fixed rate and paying a floating rate with a notional value of AUD million (USD million) to partially mitigate the risk that interest rates could decrease prior to our receipt of the consideration for the ADC transaction related to product public liability, compulsory third-party motor, professional risks, and workers compensation business signed on June 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 31 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING INSTRUMENTS 

million and million, respectively. 
 In August 2024, we entered into a one-month forward interest rate swap, receiving a fixed rate and paying a floating rate with a notional value of million to partially mitigate the risk that interest rates could decrease prior to our receipt of the consideration for the LPT transaction related to general aviation and workers compensation signed on August 8, 2024, which closed in the fourth quarter of 2024 as disclosed in Note 3. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a gain from fair value changes of million and million, respectively. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Interest rate swaps Others Total 
 The following table presents the net gains and losses relating to our derivative instruments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Amount of Net Gains (Losses) Location of gain (loss) recognized on derivatives Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Net foreign exchange (loss) gains ) ) Interest rate swaps Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 32 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 7. Deferred Charge Assets 

 DGL balances in the current or comparative periods. 
 We amortize the DCA balances over the estimated claim payment period of the related contracts with the amortization prospectively adjusted at each reporting period to reflect new estimates of the pattern and timing of remaining losses and LAE payments. 
 Recorded during the period Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending carrying value 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 8. Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Reinsurance reserves recoverable on unpaid losses ) ) ) ) Net balance as of beginning of period Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period: Increase in estimates of net ultimate losses Increase in provisions for ULAE Total current period Prior periods: Reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses ) ) ) ) Reduction in provisions for ULAE ) ) ) ) Amortization of fair value adjustments Changes in fair value - fair value option (1) 
 Total prior periods ) ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and LAE ) ) ) ) Net paid losses: Current period ) ) Prior periods ) ) ) ) Total net paid losses ) ) ) ) Other changes: Effect of exchange rate movement ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Instrument-specific credit risk ) Ceded business (2) 
 ) Assumed business (3) 
 Total other changes ) Net balance as of September 30 
 Reinsurance reserves recoverable on unpaid losses Balance as of September 30 
 As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Reconciliation to Consolidated Balance Sheets: Losses and loss adjustment expenses Losses and loss adjustment expenses, at fair value Total losses and loss adjustment expenses Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses - fair value option Total reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Less: Paid losses recoverable ) ) Reinsurance reserves recoverable on unpaid losses 
 (1) Comprises discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 8. Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

million, net of reinsurance reserves recoverable of million. 
 (3) Amounts from 2024 correspond to the net loss reserves assumed from signed and closed reinsurance agreements described in Note 3, as well as other individually insignificant closed transactions. 
 
 ) ) Environmental General casualty Workers' compensation ) ) ) ) Marine, aviation and transit ) ) Construction defect ) ) ) Professional indemnity/ Directors and officers ) ) ) ) Motor ) ) Property ) ) All other Total ) ) ) ) 
 
 million was driven by favorable development on our workers compensation and professional indemnity/directors and officers lines of business of million and million, respectively. This is a result of favorable claims experience, most notably in the 2021 acquisition year. 
 The results were partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty and asbestos lines of business of million and million, respectively, as a result of adverse claims experience. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 The comparative quarter s reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of million was driven by was driven by favorable development across multiple lines of business. We recognized favorable development on our workers compensation, property, and marine, aviation and transit lines of business of million, million and million, respectively, as a result of favorable claims experience. 
 The results were partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty line of business of million, primarily due to a small number of large losses across several portfolios, particularly on excess business, and adverse development on our all other line of business of million, driven by identified deterioration on abuse claims. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024: 
 The reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of million was driven by net favorable development across multiple lines of business. We recognized million, million and million of favorable development on our professional indemnity/ directors and officers, workers compensation, and construction defect lines of business, respectively, as a result of favorable claims experience, as well as million of favorable development on our asbestos line of business resulting from favorable resolution of asbestos liabilities through claim actions. 
 The results were partially offset by adverse development of million on our environmental line of business, primarily due to actuarial reviews and million on our general casualty line of business, due to adverse claims experience. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 35 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 8. Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

million was driven by favorable development across multiple lines of business. We recognized million of favorable development on our workers compensation line of business and million of favorable development on our property line of business as a result of favorable claims experience. 
 The results were partially offset by million of adverse development on our general casualty line of business, primarily due to a small number of large losses across several portfolios, particularly on excess business, and million of adverse development on our all other line of business, driven by identified deterioration on abuse claims. 
 Reduction in Provisions for ULAE 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024: 
 The favorable reductions in provisions for ULAE for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were driven by corresponding reductions in loss reserves and the associated estimated cost of managing such liabilities. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 The favorable reductions in provisions for ULAE for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were driven by corresponding reductions in loss reserves and the associated estimated cost of managing such liabilities. The reduction in provisions for ULAE for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was partially offset by an increase of million as a result of assuming active claims control on a 2022 LPT agreement with Argo. 
 Changes in Fair Value - Fair Value Option 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 PPD for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was adversely impacted by changes in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option of million and million, respectively, which was primarily driven by a decrease in U.K. corporate bonds yield during the third quarter of 2024 and 2023. The corporate bond yields, which form a component of the discount rate used to calculate the fair value of the liabilities, are matched to the original currencies of the underlying loss portfolios, of which GBP is the predominant currency for those portfolios that we have elected to measure at fair value using the fair value option. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 PPD for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was adversely impacted by changes in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the impact was driven by normal payout of fair value liabilities and an update to the weighted average cost of capital assumption. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 the impact was driven by a previously disclosed out-of-period adjustment related to the change in fair value for instrument specific credit risk from net incurred losses and LAE to AOCI. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 36 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9. Future Policyholder Benefits 

Benefits paid ) Effect of exchange rate movement Derecognition (1) 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 

There were gross premiums recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The effects of actual variances from expected policyholder behavior experience were not material for the nine month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 Novation of Future Policyholder Benefits 
 In November 2022, Enhanzed Re completed a novation of the reinsurance of a closed block of life annuity policies to Monument Re Limited, a subsidiary of Monument Insurance Group Limited Monument Re ). We settled the life liabilities and the related assets at carrying value in return for cash consideration of million as of the closing date and recorded other income of million. This amount consists of a reclassification adjustment of the component of AOCI related to the unlocking of the discount rate assumption from the adoption of the accounting standard related to accounting for long-duration contracts into earnings. Our net income attributable to Enstar was reduced by the amount attributable to Allianz s noncontrolling interest in Enhanzed Re at the time of the transaction and our other income recorded was subject to deferral as profits emerge from the underlying novated business, which is generally over the expected settlement period of the life annuity policies, to account for our ownership interest in Monument Re at the time of the transaction. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 37 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9. Future Policyholder Benefits 

Future policyholder benefits (corresponds to derecognition referenced above) ) Other assumed reinsurance liabilities ) Carrying value of net assets Calculation of gain on novation (recorded in first quarter 2023): Cash consideration received Less: carrying value of net assets ) Add: reclassification of remeasurement of future policyholder benefits from AOCI and NCI (1) 
 Amount deferred relating to ownership interest in Monument Re (2) 
 ) Gain on novation (3) 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Gain on novation attributable to Enstar (4) 
 
 (1) Comprised of million from AOCI and million from NCI. 
 (2) Calculated as of the net Enstar transaction gain of million (representing million, consisting of the million loss when comparing cash consideration to carrying value plus the million reclassification benefit, less Allianz s share equal to million). 
 (3) Recognized in other income in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the total gain on novation attributable to Enstar was million. The remaining deferred gain of million as of September 30, 2024 will be amortized over the expected settlement period of the transferred life annuity policies, which is projected to be approximately years, with the majority of benefit payments occurring in the earlier years. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amortization was million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amortization was million and million, respectively. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 38 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10. Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 

Defendant environmental liabilities Estimated future expenses Fair value adjustments ) ) Defendant A E liabilities Insurance balances recoverable: Insurance recoverables related to defendant asbestos liabilities (net of allowance: 2024 - ; 2023 - 
 Fair value adjustments ) ) Insurance balances recoverable Net liabilities relating to defendant A E exposures 
 
 Insurance balances recoverable ) ) ) ) Net balance as of beginning of period Total paid claims ) ) ) ) Amounts recorded in other (income) loss: Reduction in estimates of ultimate net liabilities ) Reduction in estimated future expenses ) ) ) ) Amortization of fair value adjustments Total other (income) loss Net balance as of September 30 
 Insurance balances recoverable Balance as of September 30 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 39 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

U.K. government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Funds held (1) 
 Equities: Privately held equity investments Publicly traded equity investments Exchange-traded funds Warrant and others Other investments: Private equity funds Private credit funds Hedge funds Fixed income funds Real estate fund CLO equity funds CLO equities Equity funds Total Investments, excluding funds held by reinsured companies and equity method investments Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses: Other Assets: Derivatives not qualifying as hedging Losses and LAE: Other Liabilities: Derivatives qualifying as hedging Derivatives not qualifying as hedging Derivative instruments 
 (1) The difference in the amount of funds held shown at fair value and the funds held shown in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet relates to the billion of funds held by reinsured companies carried at amortized cost as of September 30, 2024. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 41 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

U.K government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Funds held (1) 
 Equities: Publicly traded equity investments Exchange-traded funds Privately held equity investments Other investments: Private equity funds Private credit funds Fixed income funds Hedge funds Real estate debt fund CLO equity funds CLO equities Equity funds Total Investments, excluding funds held by reinsured companies and equity method investments Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses: Other Assets: Derivatives qualifying as hedging Derivatives not qualifying as hedging Derivative instruments Losses and LAE: Other Liabilities: Derivatives qualifying as hedging Derivatives not qualifying as hedging Derivative instruments 
 (1) The difference in the amount of funds held shown at fair value and the funds held shown in our consolidated balance sheet relates to the billion of funds held by reinsured companies carried at amortized cost as of December 31, 2023. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

Total fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Ending fair value 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fixed maturity investments Equities Total Equities Total Corporate Asset-backed Privately-held Equities Public Equities Warrants and Other Privately-held Equities (in millions of U.S. dollars) Beginning fair value Purchases Sales and paydowns ) ) Total fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments (1) 
 Transfer into Level 3 from Level 2 Ending fair value 
 (1) Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments included in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations is equal to the change in fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments relating to assets held at the end of the reporting period. 
 Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments related to Level 3 assets in the tables above are included in fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Transfers into Level 3 are primarily attributable to the lack of observable market transactions and price information and the use of unobservable inputs within valuation methodologies. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

YTM; Implied total yield - 
 Asset-backed Discounted cash flow YTM; IRR - 
 Total fixed maturities Privately held equity investments Guideline company methodology; Option pricing model P/BV multiple P/BV (excluding AOCI) multiple Expected term x - x 
 x - x 
 - years 
 Guideline companies method P/BV multiple Price/2024 earnings x 
 x - x 
 Guideline companies method; Earnings LTM Enterprise Value/ EBITDA multiples Multiple on earnings x - x 
 
 x 
 Dividend discount model Discount rate 
 Publicly traded equity investments Discounted cash flow Implied total yield 
 Warrants and Other Black-Scholes model Expected term in years years 
 Total equity investments 
 (1) The average represents the arithmetic average of the inputs and is not weighted by the relative fair value. 
 
 Total fair value changes ) ) Ending fair value 
 Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments in the table above are included in fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 44 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

Volatility rate; Expected Loss Payments 
 million 

Incurred losses and LAE: Increase (reduction) in estimates of ultimate losses ) ) Reduction in provisions for ULAE ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value due to changes in: Average payout Corporate bond yield ) Credit spread for non-performance risk ) ) Weighted average cost of capital Total change in fair value Total incurred losses and LAE ) Paid losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Instrument-specific credit risk Effect of exchange rate movements ) ) ) ) Ending fair value 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 45 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

Incurred losses and LAE: (Reduction) increase in estimates of ultimate losses ) ) ) Reduction in unallocated LAE ) ) ) ) Change in fair value due to changes in : Average payout Corporate bond yield ) ) ) ) ) Risk cost of capital Credit spread for non-performance risk Weighted average cost of capital Total change in fair value Total incurred losses and LAE ) ) Paid losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Instrument-specific credit risk ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate movements Ending fair value 

Internal model Risk cost of capital (U) Internal model Weighted average cost of capital (U) Internal model Average payout - liability (U) years years Internal model Average payout - reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses (U) years years 
 The fair value of the liability for losses and LAE and reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses may increase or decrease due to changes in the corporate bond rate, the credit spread for non-performance risk, the risk cost of capital, the weighted average cost of capital and the estimated payment pattern. 
 In addition, the estimate of the capital required to support the liabilities is based upon current industry standards for capital adequacy. 
 Changes in the fair value due to changes in average payout and corporate bond yields are included in net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Changes in the fair value due to changes in credit spread for Instrument-specific credit risk are classified to other comprehensive income. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11. Fair Value Measurements 

Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Total Senior Notes Junior Subordinated Notes due 2040 
 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2042 
 Total Junior Subordinated Notes 
 The fair value of our Senior Notes and our Junior Subordinated Notes was based on observable market pricing from a third party pricing service. 
 Both the Senior Notes and Junior Subordinated Notes are classified as Level 2. 
 Insurance Contracts 
 Disclosure of fair value of amounts relating to insurance contracts is not required, except those for which we elected the fair value option, as described above. 
 Remaining Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 Our remaining financial assets and liabilities were generally carried at cost or amortized cost, which due to their short-term nature approximates fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 47 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 12. Variable Interest Entities 

GCM Fund 
 In July 2022, we entered into an agreement to become a limited partner of GCM Blue Sails Infrastructure Offshore Opportunities Fund, L.P. GCM Fund ), with an initial commitment of million. At that time, we performed an assessment and concluded that as a result of being a limited partner and having no substantive kick-out or participating rights, the GCM Fund is a VIE. We also concluded that we are the primary beneficiary, as our economic interest in the GCM Fund is disproportionately greater than our lack of stated power to direct the activities of the GCM Fund that will most significantly impact the GCM Fund s economic performance. As a result, we have consolidated the results of the GCM Fund. There was no gain or loss recognized on consolidation. 
 We recognize the results of the GCM Fund on a one quarter lag. As of September 30, 2024, million of the initial commitment has been called. The carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the GCM Fund are presented within existing captions on our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Net investment income, changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities of the GCM Fund and management fees are presented within existing captions in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 We recognized fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Such amounts were million and million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Our exposure to risk of loss is limited to the amount of our investment, in accordance with the limited partnership agreement. We have not committed to provide any financial support to the general partner of the GCM Fund. In addition, we have not committed to provide any additional financial support to the GCM Fund in excess of previously funded capital commitments and all undistributed profits and income. 
 The assets of Enstar are not available to the creditors of the GCM Fund. 
 Nonconsolidated VIEs 
 Privately Held Equity Total Other investments Hedge funds Fixed income funds Private equity funds CLO equity funds Private credit funds Real estate funds Total Total investments in nonconsolidated VIEs 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 48 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

million, all related to the Run-off segment. 
 Although we perform our annual goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter, we evaluate events or circumstances each period that could justify an interim test as well. The Merger Agreement executed this quarter indicated that the consideration for all ordinary shareholders interests as described in Note 1, which represents our fair value, is less than our book value. Hence, a full impairment charge related to goodwill of million was recognized this quarter in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 We also performed impairment tests for all other tangible and intangible assets during the third quarter of 2024 using applicable impairment models, noting no further impairment as of the date we entered into the Merger Agreement in July 2024 through September 30, 2024. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 14. Noncontrolling Interests 

Net income attributable to RNCI Change in unrealized gains on AFS investments attributable to RNCI Balance as of September 30 

million and million, respectively, of non-controlling interests NCI primarily related to external interests in our subsidiaries. 
 In December 2022, Enhanzed Re repurchased the entire ownership interest Allianz held in Enhanzed Re for million. We recorded the impact of reclassifying the carrying value of the NCI acquired to Enstar shareholders equity in our first quarter 2023 results, as we report the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter reporting lag. 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending carrying amount of the equity attributable to NCI is included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of changes in shareholder's equity. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 50 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 15. Shareholders' Equity 

Shares issued (1) (2) 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Ordinary Shares issued in relation to share-based compensation plan awards and the Employee Share Purchase Plan. 
 (2) Includes shares of restricted stock. 
 Non-voting Ordinary Shares 
 Strategic Share Repurchases 
 In March 2023, we repurchased of our non-voting convertible ordinary shares held by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for an aggregate million, representing a price per share of and a discount to the trailing -day volume weighted average price of our voting ordinary shares as at the agreed March 2023 measurement date. The shares comprised all of our outstanding Series C and Series E non-voting ordinary shares. 
 Dividends on Preferred Shares 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we declared and paid dividends on Series D Preferred Shares of million and on Series E Preferred Shares of million for both periods. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we declared and paid dividends on Series D Preferred Shares of million and on Series E Preferred Shares of million for both periods. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) ) Unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS arising during the period Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains included in net income ) ) Change in currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Enstar-specific credit risk ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance September 30, 2024, net of tax 
 ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 51 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 15. Shareholders' Equity 
 ) Unrealized losses on fixed maturities, AFS arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Balance September 30, 2023, net of tax 
 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale investments Cumulative currency translation adjustment FVO - Own credit Adjustment Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Balance December 31, 2023, net of tax 
 ) ) Unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS arising during the period Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income Change in currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Enstar-specific credit risk ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance September 30, 2024, net of tax 
 ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 52 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 15. Shareholders' Equity 
 ) Unrealized losses on fixed maturities, AFS arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income Change in currency translation adjustment Reclassification adjustment for remeasurement of future policyholder benefits included in net income ) ) Change in net liability for gains and LAE at fair value - Enstar-specific credit risk Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income attributable to NCI and RNCI ) Balance September 30, 2023, net of tax 
 ) ) 
 The following table presents details about the tax effects allocated to each component of other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Before Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit Net of Tax Amount Before Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit Net of Tax Amount (in millions of U.S. dollars) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS arising during the period ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized (gains) losses included in net income ) ) Change in currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Enstar-specific credit risk ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 53 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 15. Shareholders' Equity 

) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net income ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses included in net income Change in currency translation adjustment ) ) Reclassification adjustment for remeasurement of future policyholder benefits included in net income ) ) Change in net liability for losses and LAE at fair value - Enstar-specific credit risk ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 ) ) Net realized gains (losses) Remeasurement of future policyholder benefits Other income Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax ) 
 Changes in Ownership of Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 Transfers from noncontrolling interests: Increase in Enstar s additional paid-in capital for purchase of noncontrolling interest (1) 
 Change from net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders and net transfers from noncontrolling interests 
 ownership interest Allianz held in Enhanzed Re recorded in the first quarter 2023. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 54 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 16. Earnings Per Share 

Denominator: Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding basic (1) 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Share-based compensation plans (2)(3) 
 JSOP (4) 
 Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding diluted Earnings per share attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders: Basic Diluted 

and shares for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, because the effect of including those potential ordinary shares in the calculation would have been anti-dilutive. Securities may be anti-dilutive based on timing of forfeitures of share-based compensation awards or if the share price at grant date was greater than the average market price of our ordinary shares. Refer to Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information on the share-based compensation awards. 
 (3) Certain restricted share units and performance share units were converted from an equity award to a liability award during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, the applicable units no longer have a dilutive impact. 
 as of January 20, 2025) compared to our market observable ordinary share price in order for the award to vest. As of September 30, 2024, the closing share price of our ordinary shares was . As a result, the JSOP award became dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, of the award is dependent on a compounded annual growth rate in Fully Diluted Book Value Per Share from January 1, 2020, which was also met for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information on the JSOP. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 55 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 17. Related Party Transactions 

Fixed maturities, AFS, at fair value Equities, at fair value Funds held Other investments, at fair value Equity method investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Liabilities Losses and LAE Net assets 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, investment funds managed by Stone Point Capital LLC ("Stone Point") own of our Voting Ordinary Shares, which constitutes of our outstanding Voting Ordinary Shares. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, we had unfunded commitments of million to other investments, and million to privately held equity managed by Stone Point and its affiliated entities. 
 (3) Other related party investments include investments in Positive Physicians Holdings, Inc, an equity method investment, and limited partnerships and partnership-like limited liabilities companies, for which had we not elected the fair value option, would otherwise be accounted for as equity method investments. We have disclosed our investments in these entities on an aggregated basis as they are individually immaterial. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Stone Point Monument AmTrust Citco Core Specialty Other (in millions of U.S. dollars) Assets Fixed maturities, trading, at fair value Fixed maturities, AFS, at fair value Equities, at fair value Funds held Other investments, at fair value Equity method investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Liabilities Losses and LAE Net assets 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 56 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 17. Related Party Transactions 

Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments ) Total revenues ) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE ) Total expenses ) (Loss) income from equity method investments ) Total net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Stone Point Northshore Monument AmTrust Citco Core Specialty Other (in millions of U.S. dollars) REVENUES Net premiums earned ) Net investment income Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments ) Total revenues ) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE ) Total expenses ) (Loss) income from equity method investments ) Total net income (loss) ) 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 57 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 17. Related Party Transactions 

Net investment income Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments Total revenues EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE Total expenses (Loss) income from equity method investments ) ) Total net income (loss) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Stone Point Northshore Monument AmTrust Citco Core Specialty Other (in millions of U.S. dollars) REVENUES Net premiums earned ) Net investment income Net realized gains Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments ) ) Total revenues ) ) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE ) Total expenses ) Income from equity method investments Total net income (loss) ) 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 58 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies 

billion (December 31, 2023: billion) in aggregate. However, we generally have the contractual ability to offset any shortfall in the payment of the funds held balances with amounts owed by us. 
 We limit the amount of credit exposure to any one counterparty, and none of our counterparty credit exposures, excluding U.S. government and agency instruments and the reinsurance counterparties noted above, exceeded 10 of shareholders equity as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, our credit exposure to the U.S. government and agency instruments was million (December 31, 2023: million). 

billion to other investments, and million to privately held equity. Included in the privately held equity amount, is a commitment we entered into during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to invest million in an insurance-linked securities ILS arrangement through a Bermuda-based collateralized reinsurer, determined to be a related party, that will provide reinsurance capacity across a diversified portfolio of casualty programs. 
 
 billion, for both periods. We also guarantee the 2040 and 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes, which have an aggregate principal amount of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 59 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1 | Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 19. Subsequent Events 

of our subsidiaries increased in size and an LOC was issued for million with a corresponding increase in the parental guarantee. 
 Transactions 
 Captive Reinsurer Investment Commitment 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into a commitment to invest million into a Missouri-domiciled captive reinsurer that will write U.S. asset-intensive life reinsurance business. 
 James River 
 On November 11, 2024, of our wholly owned subsidiaries has entered into an adverse development cover reinsurance agreement with subsidiaries of James River Group Holdings Ltd. James River to reinsure certain U.S. casualty exposures within James River s Excess and Surplus E S segment for accident years 2010 to 2023. Our subsidiary will provide million of cover in excess of carried reserves and an existing ADC of million of ADC reinsurance coverage provided to the subsidiaries of James River by State National Insurance Company. The closing of this transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 60 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms "Enstar," "we," "us" or "our" mean Enstar Group Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition as of September 30, 2024 and our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or included elsewhere in this quarterly report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Table of Contents 
 Section Page Operational Highlights 
 62 
 Consolidated Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 63 
 Overall Measures of Performance 
 67 
 Technical Results 
 69 
 Investment Results 
 74 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 78 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 79 
 Results of Operations by Segment for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 89 
 Run-off Segment 
 89 
 Investments Segment 
 91 
 Assumed Life Segment 
 94 
 Legacy Underwriting Segment 
 95 
 Corporate and Other 
 96 
 Current Outlook 
 98 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 101 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 61 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Operational Highlights 

Operational Highlights 
 
 Our consolidated results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflect our continued progress on providing capital release solutions to our clients by acquiring and managing their run-off portfolios. 
 Merger Agreement 
 
 On July 29, 2024, we entered into the Merger Agreement, under which all of Enstar s issued and outstanding ordinary shares, par value 1.00 per share, will be converted into the right to receive 338 in cash per ordinary share, except for shares held by Sixth Street and certain shareholders who will reinvest in the merged entity. The total consideration to be paid to our shareholders in the Merger is approximately 5.1 billion. Completion of the Merger remains subject to certain conditions, including certain regulatory approvals. The Merger is currently expected to close in mid-2025; however, no assurance can be given as to when, or if, the Merger will occur. 
 Goodwill impairment 
 The Merger Agreement indicated that the consideration for all ordinary shareholders interests, which represents our fair value, is less than our book value. Hence, a full impairment charge related to goodwill of 63 million was recognized this quarter. 
 Refer to Note 1 and Note 13 of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Merger Agreement and goodwill impairment. 
 Capital Activity 
 
 In March 2024, Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enstar, was assigned an S P Insurer Financial Strength Rating of A with stable outlook. Cavello is Enstar s primary non-life run-off consolidator, and a Class 3B reinsurer. 
 Transactions 
 
 In June 2024, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries completed an ADC and LPT agreement with Accredited Surety and Casualty Company, Inc. and Accredited Insurance (Europe) Limited (together, Accredited relating to a diversified portfolio, including asbestos, general casualty, and workers compensation. 
 As a result of this transaction, we assumed net loss reserves of 297 million in exchange for consideration of 282 million. 
 In July 2024, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries completed an LPT agreement to reinsure certain 2019 and 2020 business written by a third-party capital platform, which uses an Insurance Linked Securities ILS to fund its risks relating to a diversified portfolio, including property catastrophe and COVID-19 exposures. 
 As a result of this transaction, we assumed net loss reserves of 294 million in exchange for consideration of 294 million. 
 In August 2024, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries completed an ADC agreement with Insurance Australia Limited on behalf of Insurance Australia Group IAG relating to a diversified portfolio including product and public liability, compulsory third-party motor, professional risks and workers compensation exposures. 
 As a result of this transaction, we assumed net loss reserves of 202 million in exchange for consideration of 200 million. 
 Refer to Note 3 of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of additional reinsurance and business acquisition agreements that were signed during 2024 but not closed as of September 30, 2024. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Consolidated Results of Operations - For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Primary GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use the following GAAP measures to manage the Company and monitor our performance: 
 Net income and net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, collectively provide a measure of our performance focusing on underwriting, investment and expense results; 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Enstar, which provides a measure of the total return, including unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, AFS investments, as well as other elements of other comprehensive income; 
 Book value per share BVPS ), which we use to measure the value of our company over time; 
 Return on equity ROE ), which measures our profitability by dividing our net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders by opening Enstar ordinary shareholders equity; 
 Total investment return TIR ), which measures the rate of return we obtain, including realized, unrealized and fair value changes, on our investments; and 
 Run-off liability earnings RLE and RLE , which measure both the dollar amount of prior period development on our acquired portfolios (RLE) and the percentage of prior period development relative to average net loss reserves, calculated by dividing our prior period development by our average net loss reserves (RLE ). 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 63 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth certain unaudited condensed consolidated financial information: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, / pp Change September 30, / pp Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except per share data) Technical Results Net premiums earned 11 14 (3) 27 29 (2) Net incurred losses and LAE Current period 6 5 1 15 18 (3) Prior period (9) (15) 6 (95) (35) (60) Total net incurred losses and LAE (3) (10) 7 (80) (17) (63) Acquisition costs 4 4 6 6 Investment Results Net investment income 163 143 20 478 471 7 Net realized gains (losses) 17 (12) 29 2 (55) 57 Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments 229 18 211 400 222 178 (Loss) income from equity method investments (16) (3) (13) (29) 22 (51) Other income (loss) 3 (2) 5 2 280 (278) Amortization of net deferred charge assets 27 34 (7) 86 75 11 General and administrative expenses 110 91 19 295 265 30 Goodwill impairment 63 63 63 63 Net foreign exchange losses (gains) 23 (23) 46 15 (24) 39 NET INCOME 161 51 110 425 609 (184) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (4) (4) (5) (99) 94 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS 148 38 110 393 483 (90) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR 293 (35) 328 535 242 293 GAAP measures: ROE 2.8 0.9 1.9 pp 7.8 10.8 (3.0) pp Annualized ROE 10.4 14.4 (4.0) pp Annualized TIR 7.1 4.7 2.4 pp RLE 0.9 0.3 0.6 pp Non-GAAP measures: Adjusted ROE 2.2 2.5 (0.3) pp 7.9 10.8 (2.9) pp Annualized Adjusted ROE 10.6 14.4 (3.8) pp Annualized Adjusted TIR 5.7 5.3 0.4 pp Adjusted RLE 1.1 0.6 0.5 pp As of Change September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 GAAP measure: BVPS 378.22 343.45 34.77 Non-GAAP measure: Fully diluted BVPS 365.94 336.72 29.22 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 64 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Overall Results 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: 
 Net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders increased by 110 million to 148 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 38 million in the comparative quarter, as a result of: 
 Total investment returns recognized in income of 393 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, in comparison to 146 million for the comparative quarter, consisting of the aggregate of net investment income, net realized gains (losses), fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments, and loss from equity method investments. The total investment returns in each period were driven by: 
 Net investment income of 163 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 143 million in the comparative quarter due to an increase in our book yield on our fixed maturities, an increase in the income earned from funds held assets and higher dividend income earned on our privately held equities, partially offset by higher investment expenses; 
 Net realized gains of 17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net realized losses of 12 million in the comparative quarter; 
 Fair value changes in our trading securities and funds held resulting in a 99 million gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a 68 million loss in the comparative quarter; 
 Fair value changes in our other investments, including equities, resulting in a 130 million gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a 86 million gain in the comparative quarter; and 
 Loss from equity method investments of 16 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 3 million in the comparative quarter as a result of increased losses on our investment in Monument Re, partially offset by increased income on our investment in Core Specialty. 
 This was partially offset by: 
 A decrease of 6 million in prior period favorable development in net incurred losses and LAE. Net favorable prior period development of 9 million in the current period was primarily due to a reduction in our estimates of net ultimate losses and provisions for ULAE of 36 million, partially offset by a 25 million increase in the fair value of our 2017 and 2018 LPT liabilities where we elected the fair value option, which are subject to adjustment based upon a decrease in U.K. corporate bond yields. Third quarter 2023 prior period net favorable development of 15 million was primarily due to a reduction in our estimates of net ultimate losses and provisions for ULAE of 31 million, partially offset by a 12 million increase in the fair value of our 2017 and 2018 LPT liabilities where we elected the fair value option, due to a modest decrease in third quarter 2023 U.K. corporate bond yields; 
 An increase in general and administrative expenses of 19 million, primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits expenses due to a share-based compensation settlement of a departing executive, inflation and other staff related costs, as well as higher legal fees primarily due to merger related costs; 
 Goodwill impairment of 63 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as referenced above; and 
 Net foreign exchange losses of 23 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were comprised of 19 million of exposures from foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities due to GBP and AUD strengthening against USD, as well as 4 million of losses on our non-designated foreign currency forward contracts. An offsetting foreign exchange gain of 27 million is recognized in other comprehensive income for exposure from our AFS securities. This is compared to foreign exchange gains of 23 million in the comparative quarter as a result of GBP and EUR weakening against USD. 
 The above factors contributed to net income of 161 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net income of 51 million in the comparative quarter, as well as net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders of 148 million as compared to 38 million in the comparative quarter. Consequently, our ROE was 2.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.9 in the comparative quarter. 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Enstar for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 293 million as compared to a comprehensive loss of 35 million in the comparative quarter. The third quarter 2024 comprehensive income was primarily due to net income of 161 million and unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange of 116 million. The unrealized gains on our fixed maturities, AFS, combined with our favorable investment results, described above, contributed to a net favorable 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 65 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Annualized TIR of 11.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, in comparison to an Annualized TIR of 1.8 in the comparative quarter. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: 
 Net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders decreased by 90 million to 393 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 483 million in the comparative period, as a result of: 
 A decrease in other income of 278 million, largely driven by the first quarter 2023 net gain recognized from the novation of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance of a closed block of life annuity policies; 
 Goodwill impairment of 63 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as referenced above; 
 An increase in general and administrative expenses of 30 million primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits expenses due to a share-based compensation settlement of a departing executive, inflation, and other staff related costs, as well as higher legal fees primarily due to merger related costs; and 
 Net foreign exchange losses of 15 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were comprised of 17 million of exposures from foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities due to GBP and AUD strengthening against USD, partially offset by 2 million of gains on our non-designated foreign currency forward contracts. An offsetting foreign exchange gain of 16 million is recognized in other comprehensive income for exposure from our AFS securities. This is compared to net foreign exchange gains of 24 million in the comparative period as a result of GBP and EUR weakening against USD in the period. 
 This was partially offset by: 
 Total investment returns recognized in income of 851 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in comparison to 660 million for the comparative period, consisting of the aggregate of net investment income, net realized gains (losses), fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments, and loss from equity method investments. The total investment returns in each period were driven by: 
 Net investment income of 478 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 471 million in the prior period due to higher book yield on our fixed maturities, an increase of net investment income on our other investments as a result of an increased allocation to private credit funds, partially offset by higher investment expenses; 
 Net realized gains of 2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net realized losses of 55 million in the comparative period; 
 Fair value changes in our trading securities and funds held resulting in a 54 million gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a 73 million loss in the comparative period; 
 Fair value changes in our other investments, including equities, resulting in a 346 million gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a 295 million gain in the comparative period; and 
 Loss from equity method investments of 29 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 22 million in income in the comparative period as a result of increased losses on our investment in Monument Re, partially offset by an increase in income on our investment in Core Specialty; 
 An increase of 60 million in favorable development in prior period net incurred losses and LAE relative to the comparative period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net favorable PPD of 95 million was primarily due to a reduction in our estimates of net ultimate losses and provisions for ULAE of 123 million, partially offset by a 17 million increase in the fair value of our 2017 and 2018 LPT liabilities where we elected the fair value option and fair value amortization of 11 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net prior period favorable development of 35 million was primarily due to a reduction in our estimates of net ultimate losses and provisions for ULAE of 72 million, partially offset by a 24 million increase in the fair value of liabilities where we elected the fair value option and fair value amortization of 13 million. This resulted in RLE of 0.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in comparison to RLE of 0.3 in the comparative period; and 
 A decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of 94 million, as a result of recording the portion of the gain on novation of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance of a closed block of life annuity policies attributable to Allianz s equity interest in Enhanzed Re in the prior period. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 66 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

The above factors contributed to net income of 425 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 609 million in the comparative period, as well as net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders of 393 million as compared to 483 million in the comparative period. Consequently, our ROE was 7.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10.8 for in the comparative period. 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Enstar for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 535 million as compared to 242 million in the comparative period. Comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to net income of 425 million and unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange of 107 million. The unrealized gains on our fixed maturities, AFS, combined with our favorable investment return, described above, contributed to a net favorable Annualized TIR of 7.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in comparison to an Annualized TIR of 4.7 in the comparative period. 
 BVPS and Fully Diluted BVPS increased by 10.1 and 8.7 , respectively, from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, primarily due to comprehensive income attributable to Enstar for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which contributed 10.6 to both BVPS and Fully Diluted BVPS . 
 The cumulative unrealized loss and fair value changes in our fixed maturities portfolio and funds held was 487 million as of September 30, 2024, which has adversely impacted BVPS by 33.21 per share and Fully Diluted BVPS by 32.13 per share as of September 30, 2024. This compares to 1.2 billion of cumulative unrealized loss and fair value changes in our fixed maturities portfolio and funds held as of September 30, 2023. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 

Overall Measures of Performance 
 
 BVPS and Fully Diluted BVPS 
 BVPS and Fully Diluted BVPS increased by 10.1 and 8.7 , respectively, from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of comprehensive income attributable to Enstar of 535 million. The cumulative unrealized loss and fair value changes in our fixed maturities portfolio and funds held was 487 million as of September 30, 2024, which adversely impacted BVPS by 33.21 per share and FDBVPS by 32.13 per share. 
 
 ROE and Adjusted ROE 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: ROE increased by 1.9 pp for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased by 3.0 pp for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. The key drivers of the changes in ROE are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change ROE pp change ROE Impact (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 163 143 20 (0.1) Fair value changes on trading securities and funds held 
 99 (68) 167 3.4 Fair value changes on other investments, including equities 
 130 86 44 0.5 Net realized gains (losses) 17 (12) 29 0.6 Prior period net incurred losses and LAE 9 15 (6) (0.2) General and administrative expenses (110) (91) (19) Net foreign exchange (losses) gains (23) 23 (46) (1.0) Goodwill impairment (63) (63) (1.2) Other (74) (58) (16) (0.1) Net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders 148 38 Opening Equity 5,261 4,403 ROE / Change in ROE 2.8 0.9 1.9 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change ROE pp change ROE Impact (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 478 471 7 (1.0) Fair value changes on trading securities and funds held 
 54 (73) 127 2.7 Fair value changes on other investments, including equities 
 346 295 51 0.3 Net realized gains (losses) 2 (55) 57 1.3 (Loss) income from equity method investments (29) 22 (51) (1.1) Other income (primarily related to Enhanzed Re novation) 2 280 (278) (6.2) Prior period net incurred losses and LAE 95 35 60 1.1 General and administrative expenses (295) (265) (30) 0.1 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (5) (99) 94 2.1 Net foreign exchange (losses) gains (15) 24 (39) (0.8) Goodwill impairment (63) (63) (1.3) Other (177) (152) (25) (0.2) Net income attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders 393 483 Opening Equity 5,025 4,464 ROE / Change in ROE 7.8 10.8 (3.0) 
 Adjusted ROE decreased 0.3 pp for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relative to the comparative quarter and decreased 2.9 pp for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relative to the same period in 2023. Adjusted ROE excludes the impact of goodwill impairment, merger related expenses, net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS and fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading and funds held. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 68 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

We discuss the results of our operations by aggregating certain captions from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations, as we believe it provides a more meaningful view of our results and eliminates repetition that would arise if captions were discussed on an individual basis. 
 In order to facilitate analysis, we have grouped the discussion into the following captions: 
 Technical results : includes net premiums earned, net incurred losses and LAE and acquisition costs. 
 Investment results : includes net investment income, net realized gains (losses), fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments, unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS (recorded through the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of other comprehensive income) and income (loss) from equity method investments. 
 General and administrative results : includes general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Technical Results 
 
 Our strategy is focused on effectively managing (re)insurance portfolios underwritten in previous years that we assume through our provision of capital release solutions and acquisition of portfolios and businesses in run-off. 
 Net premiums earned and the associated current period net incurred losses and LAE and acquisition costs are the result of the recognition of unearned premiums from transactions completed in recent years. 
 Premiums earned in the Run-off segment are generally offset by the related current period net incurred losses and LAE and acquisition costs. 
 The components of technical results are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Run-off Corporate and other Total Run-off Corporate and other Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net premiums earned 11 11 14 14 Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 6 6 5 5 Prior periods (36) 27 (9) (31) 16 (15) Total net incurred losses and LAE (30) 27 (3) (26) 16 (10) Acquisition costs 4 4 Technical results 37 (27) 10 40 (16) 24 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Run-off Corporate and other Total Run-off Corporate and other Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net premiums earned 27 27 29 29 Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 15 15 18 18 Prior periods (123) 28 (95) (72) 37 (35) Total net incurred losses and LAE (108) 28 (80) (54) 37 (17) Acquisition costs 6 6 6 6 Technical results 129 (28) 101 77 (37) 40 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 69 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Prior Periods - RLE - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following tables summarize RLE, RLE , Adjusted RLE and Adjusted RLE by acquisition year for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which management believes is useful in measuring and monitoring performance of our claims management activity on the portfolios that we have acquired. This permits comparability between acquisition years of different loss reserve volumes. 
 Refer to the table below for a summary of RLE, RLE , Adjusted RLE and Adjusted RLE for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adjusted RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2014 and prior 8 878 (6) 653 2015 3 216 4 222 2016 (3) 534 (2) 590 2017 (27) 566 (10) 769 2018 (7) 506 1 561 2019 (1) 885 1,348 2020 2 306 2 306 2021 30 2,644 44 2,932 2022 3 1,795 3 1,795 2023 1,673 1,673 2024 1 561 1 561 Total 9 10,564 0.1 37 11,410 0.3 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024: 
 Our RLE was 0.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as favorable reductions in estimates of net ultimate losses and reductions in provisions for ULAE were partially offset by adverse changes in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 Acquisition year 2021 provided most of the favorable results for the period, driven by our general casualty, and workers compensation lines of business, as a result of claims experience. Acquisition years 2014 and prior was also favorable for the period, driven by our professional indemnity/ director and officers, and all other lines of business, as a result of claims experience. Acquisition year 2017 was unfavorably impacted by adverse development on our all other line of business and an increase in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option as a result of decreases in U.K. corporate bond yields. The corporate bond yields, which form a component of the discount rate used to calculate the fair value of the liabilities, are matched to the original currencies of the underlying loss portfolios, of which GBP is the predominant currency for those portfolios that we have elected to measure at fair value using the fair value option. 
 Adjusted RLE was positively impacted by the exclusion of the impact of the changes in the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option and the amortization of fair value adjustments relating to purchased subsidiaries. It is also impacted by the change in estimates of net ultimate liabilities and reduction in estimated future expenses of our defendant A E liabilities. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 70 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Refer to the table below for a summary of RLE, RLE , Adjusted RLE and Adjusted RLE for the three months ended September 30, 2023: Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adjusted RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2014 and prior 15 1,449 (8) 1,181 2015 2 261 2 266 2016 14 638 15 702 2017 (34) 536 (27) 780 2018 2 645 9 727 2019 (5) 986 (3) 1,496 2020 1 425 1 425 2021 8 3,248 31 3,589 2022 12 2,598 12 2,598 2023 1,761 1,761 Total 15 12,547 0.1 32 13,525 0.2 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Our RLE was 0.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as favorable reductions in estimates of net ultimate losses and reductions in provisions for ULAE were partially offset by net unfavorable changes in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2014 and prior acquisition years was driven by favorable movement on our professional indemnity/directors and officers, all other, and marine, aviation and transit lines of business due to claims experience, partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty and property lines of business due to claims experience. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2016 acquisition year was driven by claims development on our professional indemnity/directors and officers line of business. 
 Adverse RLE in the 2017 acquisition year was driven by 27 million of development on our all other line of business, as a result of identified deterioration on abuse claims, in addition to a 7 million increase in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option as a result of decreases in U.K. corporate bond yields. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2021 acquisition year was driven by claims experience on our workers compensation line of business. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2022 acquisition year was driven by development on our property line of business as a result of claims experience. 
 Adjusted RLE was positively impacted by the exclusion of the impact of the changes in the discount rate upon the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option and the amortization of fair value adjustments relating to purchased subsidiaries. It is also impacted by the change in estimates of net ultimate liabilities and reduction in estimated future expenses of our defendant A E liabilities. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 71 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adjusted RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2014 and prior (2) 1,233 (3) 891 2015 4 403 5 229 2016 7 558 8 617 2017 (26) 581 (16) 789 2018 (17) 748 (7) 596 2019 (2) 630 1,411 2020 (10) 1,635 (10) 334 2021 92 2,429 100 3,083 2022 53 1,650 53 1,988 2023 (5) 819 (5) 1,616 2024 1 412 1 412 Total 95 11,098 0.9 126 11,966 1.1 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024: 
 Our RLE was 0.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to favorable reductions in estimates of net ultimate losses and reductions in provisions for ULAE, partially offset by adverse changes in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 Acquisition years 2022 and 2021 provided most of the favorable results for the period, driven by our professional indemnity/directors and officers, general casualty, workers compensation, and construction defect lines of business, as a result of claims experience. Acquisition year 2018 was unfavorably impacted by increased settlement activity in the general casualty line of business. Acquisition year 2017 was unfavorably impacted by development on our all other line of business and an increase in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option. 
 Our Adjusted RLE was positively impacted by the exclusion of the impact of the changes in the discount rate upon the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option and the amortization of fair value adjustments relating to purchased subsidiaries. It is also impacted by the change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities and reduction in estimated future expenses of our defendant A E liabilities. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adjusted RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2014 and prior 20 1,371 (5) 901 2015 5 273 6 291 2016 15 654 18 721 2017 (35) 553 (25) 787 2018 (8) 696 12 781 2019 (4) 1,018 (2) 1,535 2020 15 499 15 501 2021 25 3,322 55 3,784 2022 2 2,857 2 2,863 2023 840 840 Total 35 12,083 0.3 76 13,004 0.6 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Our RLE was 0.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as favorable reductions in estimates of net ultimate losses and reductions in provisions for ULAE were partially offset by net unfavorable changes in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 72 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Favorable RLE in the 2014 and prior acquisition years was driven by favorable movement on our professional indemnity/directors and officers, all other, and marine, aviation and transit lines of business due to claims experience. The favorable RLE was partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty line of business due to a small number of large losses, particularly on excess business, and adverse development on our property line of business due to adverse claims experience. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2016 acquisition year was driven by favorable claims development on our professional indemnity/directors and officers line of business. 
 Adverse RLE in the 2017 and 2018 acquisition years was driven by development on our all other line of business, primarily as a result of identified deterioration on abuse claims, and general casualty line of business, primarily due to a small number of large losses across several portfolios, particularly on excess business. The adverse RLE was further impacted by a 24 million increase in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option. The results were partially offset by favorable development on our workers compensation and marine, aviation and transit lines of business as a result of claims experience. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2020 acquisition year was driven by a release of 10 million relating to COVID-19 exposures on our general casualty line of business. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2021 acquisition year was driven by claims experience on our workers compensation line of business. 
 Our Adjusted RLE was positively impacted by the exclusion of the impact of the changes in the discount rate upon the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option and the amortization of fair value adjustments relating to purchased subsidiaries. It is also impacted by the change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities and reduction in estimated future expenses of our defendant A E liabilities. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 73 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Investment Results 
 
 We strive to structure our investment holdings and the duration of our investments in a manner that recognizes our liquidity needs, including our obligation to pay losses and LAE liabilities. 
 The components of our investment results split between our fixed income assets (which includes our short-term and fixed maturities classified as trading and AFS, funds held, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, collectively our Fixed Income assets) and other investments (which includes equities and equity method investments, collectively our Other Investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 134 29 163 128 15 143 Net realized gains (losses) 17 17 (12) (12) Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments 99 130 229 (68) 86 18 Loss from equity method investments (16) (16) (3) (3) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments, excluding foreign exchange 116 116 (63) (63) TIR ) 366 143 509 (15) 98 83 Annualized TIR 11.7 11.0 11.5 (0.4) 8.1 1.8 Annualized Adjusted TIR 4.1 11.0 6.0 3.4 8.1 4.5 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 410 68 478 409 62 471 Net realized gains (losses) 2 2 (55) (55) Fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments 54 346 400 (73) 295 222 (Loss) income from equity method investments (29) (29) 22 22 Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments, excluding foreign exchange 107 107 2 2 TIR ) 573 385 958 283 379 662 Annualized TIR 6.0 10.1 7.1 2.7 10.3 4.7 Annualized Adjusted TIR 4.1 10.1 5.7 3.6 10.3 5.3 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 74 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Net Investment Income 
 The below charts are in millions of U.S. dollars. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net investment income increased primarily due to: 
 an increase in net investment income on our fixed maturities as a result of a higher book yield as well as an increase in the income earned from funds held assets; and 
 an increase in dividend income earned on our privately held equities; partially offset by 
 higher investment expenses primarily due to increased performance fees. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net investment income increased primarily due to: 
 an increase of net investment income on our fixed maturities as a result of a higher book yield; and 
 an increase of net investment income on our other investments as a result of an increased allocation to private credit funds; partially offset by 
 higher investment expenses primarily due to increased performance fees. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 75 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Fair Value Changes, Net Realized Losses and Unrealized (Losses) Gains included in Comprehensive Income 
 The below charts are in millions of U.S. dollars. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: The net increase of 419 million when comparing the aggregate of fair value changes, realized gains (losses) and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS for the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the comparative quarter was the result of: 
 an increase in the aggregate of realized gains (losses) and fair value changes in trading securities and funds held of 196 million, primarily as a result of decreases in interest rates across U.S., U.K. and European markets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to increases in interest rates in the comparative quarter; 
 net unrealized gains on fixed income securities, AFS of 116 million in the current quarter compared to net unrealized losses of 63 million in the comparative quarter primarily driven by decreases in interest rates in the quarter; and 
 an increase in the gain from fair value changes in other investments, including equities of 44 million, primarily driven by a favorable variance in relation to embedded derivatives pertaining to assets backing one of our LPT portfolios and increases in the gains from our hedge funds, publicly traded equities and infrastructure funds. This is partially offset by losses from CLO equities. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: The net increase of 340 million when comparing the aggregate of fair value changes, realized gains (losses) and unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the comparative period was the result of: 
 an increase in the aggregate of net realized gains (losses) and fair value changes on trading securities and funds held of 184 million, as a result of decreases in U.S. interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to increases in interest rates in the comparative period; 
 an increase in the net unrealized gains on fixed income securities, AFS of 105 million primarily driven by U.S. interest rate decreases in the current period; and 
 an increase in the gain on fair value changes from other investments, including equities, of 51 million, primarily driven by our privately held equities, hedge funds, fixed income funds, private equity funds and infrastructure funds relative to the comparative period, partially offset by decreased gains on publicly traded equities, CLO 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 76 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

equities, private debt, real estate funds and an unfavorable variance in the fair value change of an embedded derivative related to the assets supporting on of our LPTs. 
 (Loss) income from equity method investments 
 The below charts are in millions of U.S. dollars. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: The variance of 13 million is driven by an increase in the losses from our investment in Monument Re of 22 million, partially offset by an increase in the income from our investment in Core Specialty of 10 million. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: The variance of 51 million is driven by an increase in losses from our investment in Monument Re of 72 million, partially offset by an increase in income from our investment in Core Specialty of 26 million. 
 
 Investable Assets 
 Investable assets and adjusted investable assets decreased by 2.1 and 3.3 , respectively, from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, primarily due to the impact of net paid losses, partially offset by consideration received from transactions closed in the period, investment income and fair value changes in our fixed maturities. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Duration and average credit rating on fixed maturities, cash and cash equivalents and fixed maturities included in funds held - directly managed 
 The fair value, duration and average credit rating of investments is as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value ) (1) 
 Average Duration (in years) (2) 
 Average Credit Rating (3) 
 Fair Value ) (1) 
 Average Duration (in years) (2) 
 Average Credit Rating (3) 
 Total 9,969 3.89 A+ 10,320 4.04 A+ 
 (1) The fair value by segment of our fixed maturities, cash and cash equivalents and fixed maturities included in funds held-directly managed portfolios does not include the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents within our funds held-directly managed portfolios. 
 (2) The average duration calculation includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and fixed maturities, as well as the fixed maturities and cash and cash equivalents within our funds held-directly managed portfolios. 
 (3) The average credit rating calculation includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, fixed maturities and the fixed maturities within our funds held - directly managed portfolios. 
 
 The overall decrease in the balance of our fixed maturities and cash and cash equivalents of 351 million when comparing September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by net paid losses which outpaced the impact of new business for the period. 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our fixed maturities and cash and cash equivalents had an average credit quality rating of A+. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our fixed maturities that were non-investment grade (i.e. rated lower than BBB- and non-rated securities) comprised 496 million, or 5.6 , and 456 million, or 4.8 , of our total fixed maturities portfolio, respectively. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 77 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

General and Administrative Expenses for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The below charts are in millions of U.S. dollars. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: The 19 million increase was primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits expenses due to a share-based compensation settlement of a departing executive, inflation and other staff related costs, as well as higher legal fees primarily due to merger related costs. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: The 30 million increase was primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits expenses due to a share-based compensation settlement of a departing executive, inflation and other staff related costs, as well as higher legal fees primarily due to merger related costs. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 78 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to our key financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, we present other non-GAAP financial measures that we use to manage our business, compare our performance against prior periods and against our peers, and as performance measures in our incentive compensation program. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional view of our operational performance over the long-term and provide the opportunity to analyze our results in a way that is more aligned with the manner in which our management measures our underlying performance. 
 The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, which may be defined and calculated differently by other companies, is used to enhance the understanding of certain aspects of our financial performance. It is not meant to be considered in isolation, superior to, or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Some of the adjustments reflected in our non-GAAP measures are recurring items, such as the exclusion of adjustments to net realized (gains)/losses and fair value changes on fixed maturity investments recognized in our statements of operations, the fair value of certain of our loss reserve liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option, and the amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 Management makes these adjustments in assessing our performance so that the changes in fair value due to interest rate movements, which are applied to some but not all of our assets and liabilities as a result of preexisting accounting elections, do not impair comparability across reporting periods. 
 It is important for the readers of our periodic filings to understand that these items will recur from period to period. 
 However, we exclude these items for the purpose of presenting a comparable view across reporting periods of the impact of our underlying claims management and investments without the effect of interest rate fluctuations on assets that we anticipate to hold to maturity and non-cash changes to the fair value of our reserves. 
 Similarly, our non-GAAP measures reflect the exclusion of certain items that we deem to be nonrecurring, unusual or infrequent when the nature of the charge or gain is such that it is not reasonably likely that such item may recur within two years, nor was there a similar charge or gain in the preceding two years. This includes adjustments related to bargain purchase gains on acquisitions of businesses, net gains or losses on sales of subsidiaries, net assets of held for sale or disposed subsidiaries classified as discontinued operations and other items that we separately disclose. 
 The following table presents more information on each non-GAAP measure. The results and GAAP reconciliations for these measures are set forth further below. 
 Non-GAAP Measure Definition Purpose of Non-GAAP Measure over GAAP Measure Fully diluted book value per ordinary share Total Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity 
 
 Divided by 
 
 Number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for: 
 - the ultimate effect of any dilutive securities (which include restricted shares, restricted share units, directors restricted share units, performance share units and JSOP shares (1) on the number of ordinary shares outstanding 
 
 Increases the number of ordinary shares to reflect the exercise of equity awards granted but not yet vested as, over the long term, this presents both management and investors with a more economically accurate measure of the realizable value of shareholder returns by factoring in the impact of share dilution. 
 
 We use this non-GAAP measure in our incentive compensation program. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 79 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Non-GAAP Measure Definition Purpose of Non-GAAP Measure over GAAP Measure Adjusted return on equity ) Adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders divided by adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholder's equity Calculating the operating income (loss) as a percentage of our adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity provides a more consistent measure of the performance of our business by enabling comparison between the financial periods presented. 
 
 We eliminate the impact of fair value changes and net realized (gains) losses on fixed maturities and funds held-directly managed and the change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option, as: 
 we typically hold most of our fixed maturities until the earlier of maturity or the time that they are used to fund any settlement of related liabilities which are generally recorded at cost; and 
 removing the fair value option improves comparability since there are limited acquisition years for which we elected the fair value option. 
 
 Therefore, we believe that excluding their impact on our net income improves comparability of our core operational performance across periods. 
 
 We include fair value adjustments as non-GAAP adjustments to the adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders as they are non-cash charges that are not reflective of the impact of our claims management strategies on our loss portfolios. 
 
 We eliminate the impact of any goodwill impairment charges as they occur infrequently and their elimination improves comparability between periods. 
 
 We eliminate the impact of expenses related to the Merger Agreement as we deem these to be out of the ordinary course of business and to help provide a more accurate measure of performance across periods. 
 
 We eliminate the net gain (loss) on the purchase and sales of subsidiaries and net income from discontinued operations, as these items are not indicative of our ongoing operations. 
 
 We use this non-GAAP measure in our incentive compensation program. 
 
 Adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders 
 numerator) 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, adjusted for: 
 -fair value changes and net realized (gains) losses on fixed maturities and funds held-directly managed, 
 -change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (2) , 
 -amortization of fair value adjustments, 
 -net gain/loss on purchase and sales of subsidiaries (if any) 
 -net income from discontinued operations (if any), 
 -goodwill impairment charges 
 -expenses related to the Merger Agreement 
 -tax effects of adjustments, and 
 -adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity denominator) 
 Opening Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, less: 
 -fair value changes on fixed maturities and funds held-directly managed, 
 -fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (2) , 
 -fair value adjustments, and 
 -net assets of held for sale or disposed subsidiaries classified as discontinued operations (if any) 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 80 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Non-GAAP Measure Definition Purpose of Non-GAAP Measure over GAAP Measure Adjusted run-off liability earnings ) Adjusted PPD divided by average adjusted net loss reserves. Calculating the RLE as a percentage of our adjusted average net loss reserves provides a more meaningful and comparable measurement of the impact of our claims management strategies on our loss portfolios across acquisition years and also to our overall financial periods. 
 
 We use this measure to evaluate the impact of our claims management strategies because it provides visibility into our ability to settle our claims obligations for amounts less than our initial estimate at the point of acquiring the obligations. 
 
 The following components of periodic recurring net incurred losses and LAE and net loss reserves are not considered key components of our claims management performance for the following reasons: 
 
 Prior to the settlement of the contractual arrangements, the results of our Legacy Underwriting segment were economically transferred to a third party primarily through use of reinsurance and a Capacity Lease Agreement (4) ; as such, the results were not a relevant contribution to Adjusted RLE, which is designed to analyze the impact of our claims management strategies (3) ; 
 The change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (2) has been removed to support comparability between the two acquisition years for which we elected the fair value option in reserves assumed and the acquisition years for which we did not make this election (specifically, this election was only made in the 2017 and 2018 acquisition years and the election of such option is irrevocable); and 
 The amortization of fair value adjustments are non-cash charges that obscure our trends on a consistent basis. 
 
 We include our performance in managing claims and estimated future expenses on our defendant A E liabilities because such performance is relevant to assessing our claims management strategies even though such liabilities are not included within the loss reserves. 
 
 We use this measure to assess the performance of our claim strategies and part of the performance assessment of our past acquisitions. 
 Adjusted prior period development 
 (numerator) 
 Prior period net incurred losses and LAE, adjusted to: 
 Remove: 
 - Legacy Underwriting (3) operations 
 -amortization of fair value adjustments, 
 -change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (2) , 
 and 
 Add: 
 -the reduction/(increase) in estimates of net ultimate liabilities and reduction in estimated future expenses of our defendant A E liabilities. 
 
 Adjusted net loss reserves 
 (denominator) 
 Net losses and LAE, adjusted to: 
 Remove: 
 - Legacy Underwriting (3) net loss reserves 
 -current period net loss reserves 
 -net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies, 
 -the fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (2) and 
 Add: 
 -net nominal defendant A E liability exposures and estimated future expenses. 
 Adjusted total investment return ) Adjusted total investment return (dollars) recognized in net income for the applicable period divided by period average adjusted total investable assets. Provides a key measure of the return generated on the capital held in the business and is reflective of our investment strategy. Provides a consistent measure of investment returns as a percentage of all assets generating investment returns. We adjust our investment returns to eliminate the impact of the change in fair value of fixed maturities (both credit spreads and interest rates), as we typically hold most of these investments until the earlier of maturity or used to fund any settlement of related liabilities which are generally recorded at cost. Adjusted total investment return ) numerator 
 Total investment return (dollars), adjusted for: 
 -fair value changes in fixed maturities, trading and funds held-directly managed; and 
 -unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS included within OCI, net of reclassification adjustments and excluding foreign exchange. 
 Adjusted average aggregate total investable assets denominator 
 Total average investable assets, adjusted for: 
 -net unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS included within AOCI 
 -fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading and funds held - directly managed 
 
 (1) The JSOP award became dilutive for the first time for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and therefore had not been previously identified as a component of this non-GAAP measure. However, its inclusion is consistent with the effect of all other potentially dilutive securities. Refer to Note 16 - "Earnings Per Share" for more detail. 
 (2) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 (3) As of January 1, 2024, not applicable. Refer to Note 4 - "Segment Information" for more detail. 
 (4) The reinsurance contractual arrangements (including the Capacity Lease Agreement) described in Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included within in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 were settled during the second quarter of 2023, and we did not record any transactions in the Legacy Underwriting segment in 2023. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 81 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of BVPS to Fully Diluted BVPS : 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Equity (1) 
 Ordinary Shares Per Share Amount Equity (1) 
 Ordinary Shares Per Share Amount (in millions of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) Book value per ordinary share 5,547 14,666,175 378.22 5,025 14,631,055 343.45 Non-GAAP adjustment: Share-based compensation plans 288,659 292,190 JSOP (2) 
 203,499 Fully diluted book value per ordinary share 5,547 15,158,333 365.94 5,025 14,923,245 336.72 
 (1) Equity comprises Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, which is calculated as Enstar shareholders' equity less preferred shares 510 million) prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. 
 (2) The JSOP award made to our CEO includes a condition that specifies a hurdle price 315.53 as of January 20, 2025) compared to our market observable ordinary share price in order for the awards to vest. As of September 30, 2024, the closing share price of our ordinary shares was 321.59. As a result, the JSOP award became dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, 20 of the award is dependent on a 10 compounded annual growth rate in Fully Diluted Book Value Per Share from January 1, 2020, which was also met for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information on the JSOP. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 82 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The table below presents a reconciliation of ROE to Adjusted ROE and Annualized ROE to Annualized Adjusted ROE : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (loss) (1) 
 Opening equity (1) 
 ROE Annualized ROE Net income (loss) (1) 
 Opening equity (1) 
 ROE Annualized ROE (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net income/Opening equity/ROE/Annualized ROE (1) 
 148 5,261 2.8 11.3 38 4,403 0.9 3.5 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net realized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS (2) / Cumulative fair value changes to fixed maturities, AFS (3) 
 (17) 411 12 550 Fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading (2) / Fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading (3) 
 (38) 261 22 337 Fair value changes on funds held - directly managed (2) / Fair value changes on funds held - directly managed (3) 
 (61) 131 46 166 Change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option / Fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (4) 
 25 (253) 12 (312) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Fair value adjustments 2 (98) 4 (116) Goodwill impairment charges 63 Expenses related to the Merger Agreement 4 Tax effects of adjustments (5) 
 2 (6) Adjusted net income /Adjusted opening equity/Adjusted ROE/Annualized adjusted ROE 128 5,713 2.2 9.0 128 5,028 2.5 10.2 
 (1) Net income (loss) comprises net income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. Opening equity comprises Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, which is calculated as opening Enstar shareholders' equity less preferred shares 510 million), prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. 
 (2) Net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS are included in net realized gains (losses) in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Fair value changes in our fixed maturities, trading and funds held - directly managed are included in fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 (3) Our fixed maturities are held directly on our balance sheet and also within the "Funds held" balance. 
 (4) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 (5) Represents an aggregation of the tax expense or benefit associated with the specific country to which the pre-tax adjustment relates, calculated at the applicable jurisdictional tax rate. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 83 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (loss) (1) 
 Opening equity (1) 
 ROE Annualized ROE Net income (loss) (1) 
 Opening equity (1)(2) 
 ROE Annualized ROE (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net income/Opening equity/ROE (1) 
 393 5,025 7.8 10.4 483 4,464 10.8 14.4 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net realized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS (2) / Cumulative fair value changes to fixed maturities, AFS (3) 
 (2) 380 55 647 Fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading (3) / Fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading (4) 
 (8) 234 24 400 Fair value changes on funds held - directly managed (3) / Fair value changes on funds held - directly managed (4) 
 (46) 111 49 780 Change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option / Fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (5) 
 17 (246) 24 (294) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Fair value adjustments 11 (107) 13 (124) Goodwill impairment charges 63 Expenses related to the Merger Agreement 4 Tax effects of adjustments (6) 
 (3) (12) Adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests (7) 
 (2) Adjusted net income /Adjusted opening equity/Adjusted ROE 429 5,397 7.9 10.6 634 5,873 10.8 14.4 
 (1) Net income (loss) comprises net income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. Opening equity comprises Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, which is calculated as opening Enstar shareholders' equity less preferred shares 510 million), prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. 
 (2) Enstar ordinary shareholders equity as of December 31, 2022 has been retrospectively adjusted for the impact of adopting the accounting standard related to accounting for long-duration contracts. Refer to Note 9 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 (3) Net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS are included in net realized gains (losses) in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. Fair value changes in our fixed maturities, trading and funds held - directly managed are included in fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 (4) Our fixed maturities are held directly on our balance sheet and also within the "Funds held" balance. 
 (5) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 (6) Represents an aggregation of the tax expense or benefit associated with the specific country to which the pre-tax adjustment relates, calculated at the applicable jurisdictional tax rate. 
 (7) Represents the impact of the adjustments on net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests associated with the specific subsidiaries to which the adjustments relate. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 84 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The tables below present a reconciliation of RLE to Adjusted RLE : 
 Three Months Ended As of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 RLE / PPD Net loss reserves Net loss reserves Average net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/net loss reserves/RLE 9 10,610 10,518 10,564 0.1 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net loss reserves incurred in the current period (15) (9) (12) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies 2 96 98 97 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 25 232 253 243 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 479 497 488 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 1 30 31 30 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE 37 11,432 11,388 11,410 0.3 
 (1) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Three Months Ended As of Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 RLE / PPD Net loss reserves Net loss reserves Average net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/net loss reserves/RLE 15 12,155 12,939 12,547 0.1 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net loss reserves incurred in the current period (15) (11) (13) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies 4 112 116 114 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 12 292 312 302 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 533 550 542 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 1 33 34 33 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE 32 13,110 13,940 13,525 0.2 
 (1) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 85 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Nine Months Ended As of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 RLE / PPD Net loss reserves Net loss reserves Average net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/net loss reserves/RLE/Annualized RLE 95 10,610 11,585 11,098 0.9 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net loss reserves - current period (15) (8) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies 11 96 107 102 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 17 232 246 239 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 479 527 503 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 3 30 33 32 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE/Annualized Adjusted RLE 126 11,432 12,498 11,966 1.1 
 (1) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Nine Months Ended As of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 RLE / PPD Net loss reserves Net loss reserves Average Net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/net loss reserves/RLE/Annualized RLE 35 12,155 12,011 12,083 0.3 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net loss reserves - current period (15) (8) Legacy Underwriting 
 (139) (69) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies 13 112 124 118 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 24 292 294 293 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 2 533 572 553 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 2 33 35 34 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE/Annualized Adjusted RLE 76 13,110 12,897 13,004 0.6 
 (1) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 86 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The tables below present a reconciliation of our Annualized TIR to our Annualized Adjusted TIR : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 134 29 163 128 15 143 Net realized gains (losses) Fixed maturities, AFS 17 17 (12) (12) Net realized gains (losses) 17 17 (12) (12) Fair value changes Fixed maturities, trading 38 38 (22) (22) Funds held 61 61 (46) (46) Equity securities 26 26 17 17 Other investments 93 93 68 68 Investment derivatives 11 11 1 1 Fair value changes 99 130 229 (68) 86 18 Loss from equity method investments (16) (16) (3) (3) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange 116 116 (63) (63) TIR ) 366 143 509 (15) 98 83 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net realized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS and fair value changes in trading and funds held - directly managed (116) (116) 80 80 Net unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange (116) (116) 63 63 Adjusted TIR ) 134 143 277 128 98 226 Total investments 11,586 5,235 16,821 12,783 4,927 17,710 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents 1,036 1,036 884 884 Total investable assets 12,622 5,235 17,857 13,667 4,927 18,594 Average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (1) 
 12,513 5,202 17,715 14,085 4,866 18,951 Annualized TIR (2) 
 11.7 11.0 11.5 (0.4) 8.1 1.8 Non-GAAP adjustment: Net unrealized losses on fixed maturities, AFS included within AOCI and fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading and funds held - directly managed 487 487 1,222 1,222 Adjusted investable assets 13,109 5,235 18,344 14,889 4,927 19,816 Adjusted average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (3) 
 13,158 5,202 18,360 15,223 4,866 20,089 Annualized adjusted TIR (4) 
 4.1 11.0 6.0 3.4 8.1 4.5 Annualized income from fixed income assets (5) 
 580 580 536 536 Average aggregate fixed income assets, at cost (5)(6) 
 13,143 13,143 15,201 15,201 Annualized Investment book yield (7) 
 4.41 4.41 3.53 3.53 
 (1) This amount is a two period average of the total investable assets, as presented above, and is comprised of amounts disclosed in our quarterly and annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Annualized TIR is calculated by dividing the annualized TIR ) by average aggregate invested assets, at fair value. 
 (3) This amount is a two period average of the adjusted investable assets , as presented above. 
 (4) Annualized adjusted TIR is calculated by dividing the annualized adjusted TIR ) by adjusted average aggregate invested assets, at fair value . 
 (5) Fixed income assets include fixed maturities and cash and restricted cash, and funds held by reinsured companies. 
 (6) These amounts are a two period average of the amounts disclosed in our quarterly and annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (7) Annualized investment book yield is calculated by dividing the annualized income from fixed income assets by average aggregate fixed income assets, at cost. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 87 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 410 68 478 409 62 471 Net realized gains (losses) Fixed maturities, AFS 2 2 (55) (55) Net realized gains (losses) 2 2 (55) (55) Fair value changes Fixed maturities, trading 8 8 (24) (24) Funds held 46 46 (49) (49) Equity securities 98 98 109 109 Other investments 238 238 180 180 Investment derivatives 10 10 6 6 Fair value changes 54 346 400 (73) 295 222 (Loss) income from equity method investments (29) (29) 22 22 Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange 107 107 2 2 TIR ) 573 385 958 283 379 662 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net realized (gains) losses on fixed maturities, AFS and fair value changes in trading and funds held - directly managed (56) (56) 128 128 Net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange (107) (107) (2) (2) Adjusted TIR ) 410 385 795 409 379 788 Total investments 11,586 5,235 16,821 12,783 4,927 17,710 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents 1,036 1,036 884 884 Total investable assets 12,622 5,235 17,857 13,667 4,927 18,594 Average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (1) 
 12,774 5,094 17,868 13,782 4,902 18,684 Annualized TIR (2) 
 6.0 10.1 7.1 2.7 10.3 4.7 Non-GAAP adjustment: Net unrealized losses on fixed maturities, AFS included within AOCI and fair value changes on fixed maturities, trading and funds held - directly managed 487 487 1,222 1,222 Adjusted investable assets 13,109 5,235 18,344 14,889 4,927 19,816 Adjusted average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (3) 
 13,475 5,094 18,569 15,053 4,902 19,955 Annualized adjusted TIR (4) 
 4.1 10.1 5.7 3.6 10.3 5.3 Annualized income from fixed income assets (5) 
 585 585 564 564 Average aggregate fixed income assets, at cost (5)(6) 
 13,456 13,456 15,101 15,101 Annualized Investment book yield (7) 
 4.35 4.35 3.73 3.73 
 (1) This amount is a four period average of the total investable assets, as presented above, and is comprised of amounts disclosed in our first and second quarterly and our annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Annualized TIR is calculated by dividing the annualized TIR ) by average aggregate invested assets, at fair value. 
 (3) This amount is a four period average of the adjusted investable assets , as presented above. 
 (4) Annualized adjusted TIR is calculated by dividing the annualized adjusted TIR ) by adjusted average aggregate invested assets, at fair value . 
 (5) Fixed income assets include fixed maturities and cash and restricted cash, and funds held by reinsured companies. 
 (6) These amounts are a four period average of the amounts disclosed in our first and second quarterly and our annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (7) Annualized investment book yield is calculated by dividing the annualized income from fixed income assets by average aggregate fixed income assets, at cost. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 88 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment 

Results of Operations by Segment - For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Effective January 1, 2024, our business is organized into two reportable segments: (i) Run-off and (ii) Investments. In addition, our Corporate and other activities, which do not qualify as an operating segment, include income and expense items that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments and activities from the former Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting reportable segments. 
 Effective January 1, 2024, Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting are no longer reportable segments as they ceased all business activities following the series of commutation and novation transactions in Enhanzed Re and the settlement of the arrangements between SGL No. 1, Arden, and Atrium. Any residual activities of the former Assumed Life and Legacy Underwriting reportable segments will be prospectively included within our Corporate and other activities (all of which are expected to be immaterial). See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 The following is a discussion of our results of operations by segment. 
 
 Run-off Segment 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations for our Run-off segment. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Change September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) REVENUES Net premiums earned 11 14 (3) 27 29 (2) Other income: Reduction in estimates of net ultimate defendant A E liabilities - prior periods 2 (2) Reduction in estimated future defendant A E expenses 1 1 3 2 1 All other income 4 4 8 7 1 Total other income 5 1 4 11 11 Total revenues 16 15 1 38 40 (2) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 6 5 1 15 18 (3) Prior periods: Reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses (15) (12) (3) (63) (35) (28) Reduction in provisions for ULAE (21) (19) (2) (60) (37) (23) Total prior periods (36) (31) (5) (123) (72) (51) Total net incurred losses and LAE (30) (26) (4) (108) (54) (54) Acquisition costs 4 4 6 6 Goodwill impairment 63 63 63 63 General and administrative expenses 49 44 5 139 130 9 Total expenses 86 18 68 100 82 18 SEGMENT NET LOSS (70) (3) (67) (62) (42) (20) 
 
 Overall Results 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net loss from our Run-off segment was 70 million compared to a net loss of 3 million in the comparative quarter, primarily due to: 
 Goodwill impairment of 63 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as referenced above; partially offset by 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 89 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Run-off Segment 

A 5 million increase in favorable PPD in the current quarter, mainly driven by a 3 million increase in the reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses. The primary drivers within the respective periods consisted of the following: 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we recognized favorable development on our workers compensation and professional indemnity/directors and officers lines of business of 22 million and 19 million, respectively, driven by favorable claims experience. The results were partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty and asbestos lines of business of 7 million, and 6 million, respectively, as a result of adverse claims experience. 
 In comparison, during the third quarter of 2023, we recognized favorable development on our workers compensation, property, marine, aviation and transit lines of business of 24 million, 17 million, and 13 million, respectively, as a result of claims experience. The results were partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty line of business of 41 million, primarily due to a small number of large losses across several portfolios, particularly on excess business. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net loss from our Run-off segment was 62 million compared to net loss of 42 million in the comparative period, primarily due to: 
 Goodwill impairment of 63 million for the period as referenced above; partially offset by 
 A 51 million increase in favorable PPD, mainly driven by a 28 million increase in the reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses and a 23 million increase in the release of ULAE provisions relative to the comparative period. The primary drivers within the respective periods consisted of the following: 
 The prior period reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses was primarily driven by favorable development across multiple lines of business. We recognized 60 million, 26 million and 21 million of favorable development on our professional indemnity/ directors and officers, workers compensation and construction defect lines of business, respectively, as a result of claims experience, as well as 19 million of favorable development on our asbestos line of business resulting from favorable resolution of asbestos liabilities through claim actions. This was partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty line of business of 24 million driven by claims experience and adverse development on our environmental line of business of 25 million due to results from actuarial reviews during the period. 
 In comparison, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the prior period reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of 35 million was driven by net favorable development across multiple lines of business. We recognized favorable development on our workers compensation, property, and professional indemnity/ directors and officers lines of business as a result of 44 million, 16 million and 10 million respectively, as a result of claims experience. The results were partially offset by 37 million of adverse development in our general casualty line of business, primarily due to a small number of large losses across several portfolios, particularly on excess business. 
 The favorable reductions in provisions for ULAE for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were driven by corresponding reductions in loss reserves and the associated estimated cost of managing such liabilities. The reduction in provisions for ULAE for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was partially offset by an increase of 21 million as a result of assuming active claims control on a 2022 LPT agreement with Argo. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 90 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Resu lts of Operations by Segment | Investments S egment 

Investments Segment 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations for our Investments segment. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Change September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) REVENUES Net investment income: Fixed maturities 137 120 17 416 396 20 Cash and restricted cash 8 14 (6) 23 27 (4) Other investments, including equities 29 15 14 68 62 6 Less: Investment expenses (11) (6) (5) (29) (14) (15) Total net investment income 163 143 20 478 471 7 Net realized gains (losses): Fixed maturities 17 (12) 29 2 (55) 57 Total net realized gains (losses) 17 (12) 29 2 (55) 57 Fair value changes in: Fixed maturities, trading and funds held 99 (68) 167 54 (73) 127 Other investments, including equities 130 86 44 346 295 51 Total fair value changes in trading securities, funds held and other investments 229 18 211 400 222 178 Total revenues 409 149 260 880 638 242 EXPENSES General and administrative expenses 9 12 (3) 29 33 (4) Total expenses 9 12 (3) 29 33 (4) (Loss) income from equity method investments (16) (3) (13) (29) 22 (51) SEGMENT NET INCOME 384 134 250 822 627 195 
 
 Overall Results 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net income from our Investments segment was 384 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 134 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 250 million was primarily due to: 
 an increase in the aggregate of net realized gains (losses) and gains from fair value changes in fixed maturities, trading and funds held of 196 million, primarily as a result of decreases in interest rates across U.S., U.K. and European markets in the current period, compared to increases in interest rates in the comparative quarter; 
 an increase in the gain from fair value changes in other investments, including equities of 44 million, primarily driven by a favorable variance in relation to an embedded derivative related to the assets supporting one of our LPT portfolios and increases in the gains from our hedge funds, publicly traded equities and infrastructure funds. This is partially offset by losses from CLO equities; and 
 an increase in our net investment income of 20 million due to an increase of net investment income on our fixed maturities as a result of a higher book yield, an increase in the income earned from funds held assets and an increase in dividend income earned on our privately held equities, partially offset by an increase in investment expenses primarily due to increased performance fees. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 91 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Resu lts of Operations by Segment | Investments S egment 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net income from our Investments segment was 822 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 627 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 195 million was primarily due to: 
 an increase in the aggregate of net realized gains (losses) and gains from fair value changes in fixed maturities, trading and funds held of 184 million, as a result of decreases in U.S. interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to increases in interest rates in the comparative period; 
 an increase in the gain on fair value changes from other investments, including equities of 51 million, primarily driven by our privately held equities, hedge funds fixed income funds, private equity funds and infrastructure funds relative to the comparative period, partially offset by decreased gains on publicly traded equities, CLO equities, private debt, real estate funds and an unfavorable variance in the fair value change of an embedded derivative related to the assets supporting on of our LPTs; and 
 an increase in our net investment income of 7 million, due to an increase of net investment income on our fixed maturities as a result of a higher book yield and an increase of net investment income on our other investments as a result of an increased allocation to private credit funds, partially offset by higher investment expenses primarily due to increased performance fees. This is partially offset by; 
 a loss from equity method investments of 29 million for the current period compared to income of 22 million in the comparative period as a result of increased losses on our investment in Monument Re, partially offset by an increase in income on our investment in Core Specialty. 
 
 Total Investments 
 Fixed maturities 
 The tables below present the fair value, duration, and credit rating of our fixed maturities in our Run-off segment: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Duration (years) (1) 
 Credit Rating (1) 
 Fair Value Duration (years) (1) 
 Credit Rating (1) 
 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except percentages) Fixed maturity and short-term investments, trading and AFS U.S. government agency 444 5.0 4.4 AA+ 326 3.4 4.5 AA+ U.K. government 52 0.6 10.8 A+ 72 0.8 10.3 A+ Other government 408 4.6 4.7 AA 391 4.1 5.0 AA Corporate 3,781 42.3 5.3 A- 4,131 43.5 5.4 A- Municipal 119 1.3 7.0 AA- 142 1.5 7.6 AA- Residential mortgage-backed 446 5.0 5.1 AA 487 5.1 5.2 AA Commercial mortgage-backed 859 9.6 1.4 AA- 841 8.9 1.6 AA- Asset-backed 851 9.5 1.4 A- 884 9.3 1.0 A Total - Fixed maturity and short-term investments, trading and AFS 6,960 77.9 4.3 A 7,274 76.6 4.5 A Fixed maturities included in funds held - directly managed 1,973 22.1 4.2 A 2,216 23.4 4.3 A 8,933 100.0 4.3 A 9,490 100.0 4.4 A 
 (1) The average duration and average credit ratings calculation includes short-term investments, fixed maturities and the fixed maturities within our funds held-directly managed portfolios. 
 The overall decrease in our fixed maturities of 557 million when comparing September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the impact of net paid losses, partially offset by investment income and fair value changes. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 92 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Resu lts of Operations by Segment | Investments S egment 

Other investments, including equities 
 The tables below present the composition of our other investments, including equities: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Equities Privately held equities 392 344 Publicly traded equities 305 275 Exchange-traded funds 74 82 Warrant and others 16 Total 787 701 Other investments Private equity funds 1,840 1,617 Private credit funds 819 625 Hedge funds 476 491 Fixed income funds 410 605 Real estate fund 383 269 CLO equity funds 162 182 CLO equities 50 60 Equity funds 5 4 Total 4,145 3,853 
 Our equities increased by 86 million and other investments increased by 292 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, primarily due to fair value changes and the funding of various non-core asset strategies, in line with our strategic asset allocation. 
 Equity Method Investments 
 Refer to the table below for a summary of our equity method investments, which does not include those investments we have elected to measure under the fair value option: 
 As of Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended As of Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Ownership Carrying Value Income (loss) from Equity Method Investments Ownership Carrying Value Income (loss) from Equity Method Investments (in millions of U.S. dollars) Citco (1) 
 1 4 Monument Re (2) 
 24.6 22 (26) (72) 20.0 95 (4) Core Specialty 19.5 269 10 44 19.9 225 18 Positive Physicians Holdings, Inc 27.0 12 (1) 27.0 14 303 (16) (29) 334 (3) 22 
 (1) Prior to the sale of our entire equity interest in Citco during the fourth quarter of 2023, we owned 31.9 of the ordinary shares in HH CITCO Holdings Limited which in turn owns 15.4 of the convertible preferred shares, amounting to a 6.2 interest in the total equity of Citco. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, we owned 24.6 of the common shares in Monument Re. We converted all of our preferred shares in Monument Midco to common shares in Monument Re on January 2, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, we owned 20.0 of the common shares in Monument Re as well as preferred shares in Monument Midco which had fixed dividend yields (where declared) and whose balances were included in the Investment amount. 
 
 Carrying Value 
 The carrying value of our equity method investments decreased from December 31, 2023 primarily due to 29 million in loss from equity method investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 93 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Resu lts of Operations by Segment | Investments S egment 

(Loss) Income from Equity Method Investments 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 In the current quarter, there was a loss from equity method investments of 16 million compared to a loss of 3 million for the comparative quarter. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the loss from our investment in Monument Re of 22 million relative to the comparative quarter, partially offset by an increase in the income from our investment in Core Specialty of 10 million. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 In the nine months of 2024, there was a loss from equity method investments of 29 million compared to income of 22 million for the comparative period. The variance was primarily due to a 72 million loss in Monument Re in the current period, partially offset by an increase in our income of 26 million from our investment in Core Specialty relative to the comparative period. 

Assumed Life Segment 
 
 The Assumed Life segment consisted of life and property aggregate excess of loss (catastrophe) business relating to Enhanzed Re. 
 During 2022, Enhanzed Re entered into a Master Agreement, through which we completed a series of commutation and novation agreements that allowed us to unwind Enhanzed Re s operations in an orderly manner. 
 Transactions completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 were recognized in the first quarter of 2023, including the novation of our reinsurance of a closed block of life annuity policies to Monument Re and the repurchase of the remaining 24.9 interest in Enhanzed Re from Allianz. 
 Overall Results 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: Net income from our Assumed Life segment of 276 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the net gain recognized on the completion of the novation of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance of a closed block of life annuity policies. 
 The 275 million gain calculated as of the completion date of the novation, prior to noncontrolling interests, was comprised of three components: 
 the reclassification benefit to income of 363 million from AOCI related to the settlement of the novated liabilities (in accordance with our adoption of the accounting standard relating to accounting for long-duration contracts, the discount rate assumption for our long-duration liabilities was required to be periodically adjusted for changes in interest rates, which had the effect of reducing our future policyholder benefit liabilities and increasing the net assets transferred in the novation); 
 the loss of 39 million on the carrying value of the net assets of 133 million as of the closing date of the transaction in exchange for cash consideration of 94 million (as noted above, the retrospective adoption of the accounting standard relating to accounting for long-duration contracts resulted in an increase in net assets which gave rise to the transactional loss prior to our realization of the 363 million reclassification benefit); and 
 a deferral of a portion of the net gain, 49 million, to account for our preexisting 20 ownership interest in Monument Re, calculated from the total gain of 324 million less Allianz s 24.9 interest equal to 81 million (the deferred gain will be amortized over the expected settlement period for the life annuity policies to account). 
 Our net income attributable to Enstar was further reduced by 81 million, the amount attributable to Allianz s 24.9 noncontrolling interest in Enhanzed Re at the time of the transaction. This amount has been recorded within our Corporate and other activities . 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 net income attributable to Enstar from this novation transaction was 195 million. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 94 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Legacy Underwriting Segment 

Legacy Underwriting Segment 
 
 The former Legacy Underwriting segment previously consisted of direct underwriting activities. 
 
 Overall Results 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 The Legacy Underwriting segment results comprised of SGL No.1 Limited s SGL No.1 25 gross share of the 2020 and prior underwriting years of Atrium s Syndicate 609 at Lloyd s, less the impact of reinsurance agreements with Arden and a Syndicate 609 Capacity Lease Agreement with Atrium 5 Limited. 
 The contractual arrangements between SGL No. 1, Arden and Atrium relating to the reinsurance agreements and the Capacity Lease Agreement settled in the second quarter of 2023 for the economic benefit of Atrium, and there was no net retention by Enstar. As a result of the settlement, we did not record and do not expect to record any transactions in the Legacy Underwriting segment in 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 95 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Corporate and other 

Corporate and other 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for our Corporate and other activities. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) REVENUES Other income: Amortization of fair value adjustments (1) 
 (6) (5) (1) (14) (11) (3) All other income 4 1 3 5 4 1 Total revenues (2) (4) 2 (9) (7) (2) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE - prior periods: Amortization of fair value adjustments 2 4 (2) 11 13 (2) Changes in fair value - fair value option (2) 
 25 12 13 17 24 (7) Total net incurred losses and LAE - prior periods 27 16 11 28 37 (9) Amortization of net deferred charge assets 27 34 (7) 86 75 11 General and administrative expenses 52 35 17 127 102 25 Total expenses 106 85 21 241 214 27 Interest expense (22) (22) (67) (67) Net foreign exchange (losses) gains (23) 23 (46) (15) 24 (39) Income tax benefit (expense) 7 (7) (3) 12 (15) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (4) (4) (5) (99) 94 Dividends on preferred shares (9) (9) (27) (27) NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS (166) (94) (72) (367) (378) 11 
 (1) Amortization of fair value adjustments relates to the acquisition of DCo and Morse TEC. 
 (2) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 
 Overall Results 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net loss attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders from our Corporate and other activities increased by 72 million from 94 million in the comparative quarter to 166 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , primarily due to: 
 an increase in general and administrative expenses of 17 million primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits expenses due to a share-based compensation settlement of a departing executive, inflation and other staff related costs as well as higher legal fees; 
 changes in the fair value of the 2017 and 2018 portfolios where we elected the fair value option which resulted in a 25 million increase in liabilities in the quarter compared to 12 million in the comparative quarter primarily driven by a larger decrease in U.K. corporate bond yields during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The corporate bond yields, which form a component of the discount rate used to calculate the fair value of the liabilities, are matched to the original currencies of the underlying loss portfolios, of which GBP is the predominant currency for those portfolios that we have elected to measure at fair value using the fair value option; and 
 net foreign exchange losses of 23 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were comprised of 19 million of exposures from foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities due to GBP and AUD strengthening against USD, as well as 4 million of losses on our non-designated foreign currency forward contracts. An offsetting foreign exchange gain of 27 million is recognized in other comprehensive income for exposure from our AFS securities. This is compared to foreign exchange gains of 23 million in the comparative quarter as a result of GBP and EUR weakening against USD. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 96 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Corporate and other 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023: Net loss attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders from our Corporate and other activities decreased by 11 million from 378 million in the comparative period to 367 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to: 
 a decrease in the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of 94 million, which was primarily a result of attributing 81 million of the gain on novation of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance closed block of life annuity policies in the comparative quarter to the then-existing Allianz 24.9 equity interest in Enhanzed Re at the time of the transaction; partially offset by 
 net foreign exchange losses of 15 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were comprised of 17 million of exposures from foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities to GBP and AUD strengthening against USD, partially offset by 2 million of gains on our non-designated foreign currency forward contracts. An offsetting foreign exchange gain of 16 million is recognized in other comprehensive income for exposure from our AFS securities. This is compared to net foreign exchange gains of 24 million in the comparative period as a result of GBP and EUR weakening against USD in the period; and 
 an increase in general and administrative expenses of 25 million, primarily driven by higher salaries and benefits expenses due to a share-based compensation settlement of a departing executive, inflation and other staff related costs, as well as higher legal fees. 

Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 97 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Current Outlook 

Current Outlook 
 
 Run-off Outlook 
 
 Transactions 
 Refer to Note 3. Significant New Business and Business Acquisitions of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a summary of significant new business transactions that were signed but not yet closed as of September 30, 2024. 
 We have also expanded our run-off portfolio to reinsure certain property catastrophe risks written by third-party capital platforms which are funded by Insurance Linked Securities ILS ), whereby in July 2024, we closed on a deal to reinsure certain property coverage business written by a third-party capital platform for which Enstar received a premium of 294 million for the portfolio, which marks our first ever deal in ILS and the first solution of its type in this market. 
 In September 2024, we also entered into a commitment to invest 10 million in an ILS arrangement through a Bermuda based collateralized reinsurer, that will provide reinsurance capacity across a diversified portfolio of casualty programs. As part of the agreement, we earn a commitment fee in exchange for providing an exit option through a novation agreement after a fixed period of time of 7 years to deliver finality to ILS investors. 
 We continue to evaluate transactions in our active pipeline including LPTs, ADCs, and other transaction types including acquisitions. We seek opportunities to execute creative and accretive transactions by offering innovative capital release solutions that enable our clients to meet their capital and risk management objectives. 
 Should we execute additional transactions, our mix of loss reserves by line of business, asset mix and both rate and timing of earnings may be impacted in the medium to long term. 
 Seasonality 
 We complete most of our annual loss reserve studies in the fourth quarter of each year and, as a result, tend to record the largest movements, both favorable and adverse, to net incurred losses and LAE in this period. 
 In the interim periods where a reserve study has not been completed, we perform quarterly reviews to ascertain whether changes to claims paid or case reserves have varied from our expectations developed during the last annual reserve review. In this event, we consider the timing and magnitude of the actual versus expected development, and we may record an interim adjustment to our recorded reserves if, and when, warranted. 
 Investment Outlook 
 
 We expect global financial markets to remain uncertain for the remainder of 2024 due to the lagged impact of higher interest rates and tighter financial conditions, above-trend inflation, the onset of the US Federal Reserve s easing cycle, the US Presidential election results and the macroeconomic effects of ongoing geopolitical conflicts and tensions. 
 Market expectations around the future path of interest rates will represent a continued source of volatility, as global central banks attempt to engineer a soft landing by normalizing interest rates while closely monitoring inflation. If interest rates rise and/or credit spreads widen, we may recognize unrealized losses and fair value changes on our fixed maturities and incur a higher rate of borrowing and interest costs if we renew or borrow under credit facilities in the current environment. 
 Despite this, elevated interest rates can represent an opportunity for us in the medium to long term, notably; 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we held 16.7 of our portfolio, or 3.0 billion, in fixed maturity investments with floating interest rates which, should interest rates remain elevated, would be accretive to future investment book yields. We earned 56 million and 62 million of net investment income from our floating rate investments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were generally indexed to LIBOR 1 through June 30, 2023 and SOFR thereafter. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we hold 16.8 of our portfolio, or 3.0 billion, in fixed maturity investments with floating interest rates which, should interest rates remain elevated, would be accretive to future 
 
 1 LIBOR was ceased on June 30, 2023 and replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 98 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Current Outlook 

investment book yields. We earned 174 million and 181 million of net investment income from our floating rate investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were generally indexed to LIBOR 2 through June 30, 2023 and SOFR thereafter. 
 Higher interest rates have provided us with the opportunity to reinvest at higher yields as our securities mature or as we invest a significant portion of consideration received from new business in fixed maturities. 
 We expect that the cumulative unrealized losses and fair value changes we have recognized on our fixed maturities will be recouped as these assets get closer to their maturity and the prices pull to par, assuming we do not, or are otherwise not required to, sell such investments prior to maturity. We may also undertake tactical repositioning of our portfolio as opportunities arise to achieve better alignment with our investment strategy, rather than waiting for certain fixed maturities to pull to par, which may result in the recognition of previously unrealized losses within our income statement with a corresponding reclassification adjustment in other comprehensive income. Such adjustments would be neutral to equity since the unrealized losses are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Any investment repositioning may also have a corresponding impact to our investment book yield. 
 We currently do not intend to sell securities in an unrealized loss position. However, as part of our investment strategy to fund the return of capital to our shareholders, we have agreed to a return of capital of 500 million to our shareholders as part of the total 338 per ordinary share received as part of the Merger Agreement. As a result, it is possible that we may incur a loss from sale of securities in an unrealized loss position. See Note 1 of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Merger Agreement. 
 We invest in public and private assets, which may vary in the magnitude of their exposure to any potential economic downturn and other macroeconomic factors. 
 Despite these challenges, we remain committed to our strategic asset allocation and expect our investments to provide attractive risk adjusted returns and diversification benefits over the medium to long term. 
 Inflation 
 
 We continue to monitor the inflationary impacts resulting from pandemic-related government stimulus and labor force supply pressures on our loss cost trends. 
 Commencing in 2021, economic inflation rose significantly before peaking in mid-2022 and returning to low single digits in late 2023 and through 2024 to date. During this period our net loss reserves have not been significantly impacted by these inflationary pressures. 
 Social inflation has been a persistent headwind for the industry for some time. We continue to monitor and seek to actively resolve claims in difficult judicial districts. We closely follow these trends and proactively set appropriate reserves. 
 As described above, global economic policy responses to inflation have contributed to increases in interest rates, which, in the short term, have had a significant impact on our investments, in particular our fixed maturities. Any further rise in interest rates will have further negative impacts on our fixed maturities in the form of unrealized losses and fair value changes. 
 There remains uncertainty around the future of inflation. We continue to monitor liquidity, capital and the potential earnings impact of these changes but remain focused on medium to long term asset allocation decisions. 
 We expect to continue to benefit from our allocation to investments with inflationary pass-through components, including investments in private equity, private credit, real estate, and infrastructure asset classes. 
 Inflation, tight labor conditions and higher service costs continue to put pressure on wages and prices, which could impact our general and administrative expenses as we remain focused on being a competitive employer in our market. 
 
 2 LIBOR was ceased on June 30, 2023 and replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 99 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Current Outlook 

Geopolitical Conflicts 
 
 Heightened geopolitical conflicts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the more recent conflicts in the Middle East, are directly and indirectly (through comprehensive sanctions regimes) contributing to increased commodity prices, disrupted supply chains, global financial market volatility and significant industry losses. 
 We continue to monitor our direct investment and underwriting risks and our acquisition pipeline as a result of these ongoing conflicts. To date, we are not aware of operational disruption to us or our third party service providers as a result of these conflicts, and we have not identified any significant direct impacts from these events. We also continue to monitor for, and respond to, all changes in the global sanctions regime, updating our procedures accordingly. 
 Minimum Corporate Income Tax 
 
 In December 2021, the OECD released the final model rules on Pillar II, an initiative proposing a global minimum tax rate of 15 designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction where they operate. We have several subsidiaries in jurisdictions that have enacted, or intend to enact, Pillar II legislation, including particularly the U.K., Australia and Belgium. 
 In response to Pillar II initiatives, the government of Bermuda enacted a 15 corporate income tax in December 2023 that will become effective January 1, 2025. Based on our substantial operations in Bermuda, we expect a meaningful portion of our income will be subject to the Bermuda corporate income tax. However, the Bermuda Corporate income tax is expected to mitigate the impact of Pillar II. 
 We established a net deferred tax asset of 205 million related to the enactment of the Bermuda CIT in December 2023 pertaining to the Economic Transition Adjustment provision of the Act which provides a benefit using fair values of the Bermuda based entities around the time of enactment that is expected to be offset against future income tax expense. The company is evaluating various corporate actions which may impact our ability to realize our net DTA in Bermuda. 
 We continue to monitor ongoing developments relating to these new tax regimes. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 100 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 
 
 We aim to generate cash flows from our (re)insurance operations and investments, preserve sufficient capital for future acquisitions and new business, and develop relationships with lenders who provide borrowing capacity at competitive rates. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 572 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, that supports (re)insurance operations. Included in this amount was 225 million held by our foreign subsidiaries outside of Bermuda. 
 We closed 2023 with an estimated solvency capital ratio of 195 . Based upon our financial fundamentals and available funding sources, we continue to believe we have access to adequate liquidity and capital resources to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios for the foreseeable future. We continuously monitor our liquidity and capital positions and adjust as required by market conditions. The following represent our total capitalization and capitalization attributable to Enstar as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Total capitalization attributable to Enstar excluding NCI was 7.89 billion as of September 30, 2024 and 7.37 billion as of December 31, 2023. Debt and Series D and E preferred shares to total capitalization attributable to Enstar was 29.7 and 31.8 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Debt to total capitalization attributable to Enstar was 23.2 and 24.9 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Under the eligible capital rules of the Bermuda Monetary Authority BMA ), our Preferred Shares qualify as Tier 2 capital when considering the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirements BSCR ). 
 For purposes of the financial covenants in our credit facilities, total debt excludes hybrid capital (defined as our Junior Subordinated Notes) not exceeding 15 of total capital attributable to Enstar. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the financial covenants in our credit facilities. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 101 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity and Capital Resources of Holding Company and subsidiaries 

Holding Company Liquidity 
 We conduct substantially all of our operations through our subsidiaries. As such, the potential sources of liquidity to Enstar as a holding company consist of cash flows from our subsidiaries, including dividends, advances and loans, and interest income on loans to our subsidiaries. We have available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility, and we have obtained funding through the issuance of senior notes and preferred shares. The holding company also guarantees our Junior Subordinated Notes issued by one of our subsidiaries in prior years. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 800 million of available unutilized capacity under our unsecured revolving credit agreement, which expires in May 2028. We may request additional commitments under the facility up to an aggregate amount of 200 million, which the existing lenders, in their discretion, or new lenders, may provide. 
 We use cash to fund new acquisitions of companies. We also utilize cash for our operating expenses associated with being a public company and to pay dividends on our preferred shares and interest and principal on loans from subsidiaries and debt obligations, including loans under our credit facilities, our Senior Notes and our Junior Subordinated Notes. 
 We may, from time to time, raise capital from the issuance of equity, debt or other securities as we continuously evaluate our strategic opportunities. We filed an automatic shelf registration statement in March 2023 with the SEC to allow us to conduct future offerings of certain securities, if desired, including debt, equity and other securities. 
 As we are a holding company and have no substantial operations of our own, our assets consist primarily of investments in subsidiaries and our loans and advances to subsidiaries. Dividends from our (re)insurance subsidiaries are restricted by (re)insurance laws and regulations, as described below. The ability of all of our subsidiaries to make distributions and transfers to us may also be restricted by, among other things, other applicable laws and regulations and the terms of our credit facilities and our subsidiaries' bank loans and other issued debt instruments. 
 Based on our group's current corporate structure with a Bermuda domiciled parent company and the jurisdictions in which we operate, if the cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries were to be distributed to us, as dividends or otherwise, such amount would not be subject to incremental income taxes; however, in certain circumstances withholding taxes may be imposed by some jurisdictions, including by the United States. 
 Based on existing tax laws, regulations and our current intentions, there were no accruals as of September 30, 2024 for any material withholding taxes on dividends or other distributions. 
 Merger-related costs 
 Fees and other expenses that are contingent on the closing of the Merger are estimated to range from 90 million to 105 million for consulting and advisory, legal services and employee related bonuses. Refer to Note 1 of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Merger Agreement. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased by 206 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was largely due to cash provided by operating activities of 360 million, partially offset by cash used in investing activities and financing activities of 125 million and 33 million, respectively. 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 446 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was largely due to cash used in financing and investing activities of 542 million and 193 million, respectively, partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 303 million. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 102 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We monitor cash flows at the consolidated and entity levels. Cash flow forecasts at the consolidated and entity levels are provided on a monthly basis, and we use trend and variance analyses to project future cash needs, making adjustments to the forecasts when needed. We typically generate operating cash inflows from consideration on run-off reinsurance coverages and income received from our investments, while outflows generally consist of paid losses and loss adjustment expenses and operating expenses. These net cash flows are then used to pay off interest on debt and preferred share dividends and invested to support the obligations of our reinsured coverages and required capital supporting these coverages. Our cash flows from operating activities are affected by the timing of consideration and investment income received and expenses paid. 
 The following table shows our net cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in millions of U.S. dollars) Operating Cash Flow Activities Net paid losses (1,785) (1,854) 69 Net cash acquired on completion of acquisitions and new business 654 402 252 Net sales and maturities of trading securities 414 758 (344) Net investment income received 384 373 11 Cash consideration received for novation 94 (94) Other sources, net 693 530 163 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 360 303 57 Investing Cash Flow Activities Net sales (purchases) of AFS securities 54 (18) 72 Net purchases of other investments (200) (186) (14) Proceeds from the sale of equity method investments 20 20 Other sources 1 11 (10) Net cash flows used in investing activities (125) (193) 68 Financing Cash Flow Activities Preferred share dividends (27) (27) Share repurchases (340) 340 Acquisition of noncontrolling interest (6) (175) 169 Net cash flows used in financing activities (33) (542) 509 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Operating Cash Flow Activities 
 2024 vs 2023: Cash provided by operating activities of 360 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by cash consideration received on the completion of new reinsurance deals of 654 million, net sales and maturities of trading securities of 414 million, 384 million from receipt of net investment income and other sources of 693 million, which was largely generated by the release of funds held balances to cover net paid claims on certain portfolios, partially offset by net paid losses of 1.79 billion. In comparison, cash provided by operating activities of 303 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was driven by net sales and maturities of trading securities of 758 million and other sources of 530 million, which was largely generated by the release of funds held balances to cover net paid claims on certain portfolios, partially offset by the payment of general and administrative and interest expenses. We also received 402 million of cash as partial consideration for the QBE and RACQ LPTs, net investment income of 373 million and cash consideration for the Enhanzed Re novation of 94 million. These net inflows were partially offset by net paid losses of 1.85 billion. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 103 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Investing Cash Flow Activities 
 2024 vs 2023: Cash used in investing activities of 125 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to net purchases of other investments of 200 million, partially offset by net sales of AFS securities of 54 million and cash proceeds received on the sale of an equity method investment of 20 million. In comparison, cash used in investing activities of 193 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to net purchases of fixed maturities, AFS and other investments of 18 million and 186 million, respectively. 
 Financing Cash Flow Activities 
 2024 vs 2023: Cash used in financing activities of 33 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the payment of preferred share dividends of 27 million. In comparison, cash used in financing activities of 542 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was largely driven by share repurchases of 340 million, as a result of our strategic repurchase of our non-voting convertible ordinary shares during the first quarter of 2023, in addition to Enhanzed Re s repurchase of the entire 24.9 ownership interest Allianz held in Enhanzed Re for 175 million. 
 
 U.S. Finance Company Liquidity 
 Enstar Finance is a wholly-owned finance subsidiary under which we have issued our Junior Subordinated Notes. Similar to our holding company, Enstar Finance is dependent upon funds from other subsidiaries to pay any amounts due under the Junior Subordinated Notes in the form of distributions or loans, which may be restricted by, among other things, other applicable laws and regulations and the terms of our credit facilities and our subsidiaries bank loans and other issued debt instruments. 
 
 Liquidity in Operating Companies 
 We expect that our operating companies will generate sufficient liquidity, together with our existing capital base and cash and investments acquired and from new business transactions, to meet cash requirements and to operate our business. 
 Sources of funds to our operating companies primarily consist of cash and investment portfolios acquired on the completion of acquisitions and new business, investment income earned, proceeds from sales and maturities of investments and collection of reinsurance recoverables. We also collect small amounts of premiums and fee and commission income. 
 Cash balances acquired upon the purchase of (re)insurance companies are classified as cash provided by investing activities, whereas cash from new business is classified as cash provided by operating activities. 
 The primary uses of funds by our operating companies are claims payments, investment purchases, operating expenses and collateral requirements. 
 The ability of our (re)insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions is limited by the applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our (re)insurance subsidiaries operate, including Bermuda, the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia and Continental Europe, which subject these subsidiaries to significant regulatory restrictions. 
 These laws and regulations require, among other things, certain of our (re)insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum capital requirements and limit the amount of dividends and other payments that these subsidiaries can pay to us, which in turn may limit our ability to pay dividends and make other payments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, to our knowledge, all of our (re)insurance subsidiaries capital requirement levels were in excess of the minimum levels required for their respective regulatory jurisdictions. 
 Our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends and make other forms of distributions may also be limited by our repayment obligations under certain of our outstanding credit facility agreements and other debt instruments. Variability in ultimate loss payments and collateral amounts required may also result in increased liquidity requirements for our subsidiaries. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 104 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Debt Obligations 
 We utilize debt financing and loan facilities primarily for funding acquisitions and significant new business, investment activities and, from time to time, for general corporate purposes. 
 Our debt obligations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 Facility Due Date September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions of U.S. dollars) 4.95 Senior Notes May 2029 497 496 3.10 Senior Notes September 2031 496 496 Total Senior Notes 993 992 5.75 Junior Subordinated Notes August 2040 346 345 5.50 Junior Subordinated Notes January 2042 494 494 Total Junior Subordinated Notes 840 839 Total debt obligations 1,833 1,831 
 Under the eligible capital rules of the BMA, the Senior Notes qualify as Tier 3 capital and the Junior Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital when considering the BSCR. 
 We may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, redemptions and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Any such repurchases, redemptions or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. 
 Credit Ratings 
 The following table presents our credit ratings as of November 12, 2024: 
 Credit ratings (1) 
 Standard and Poor s Fitch Ratings Long-term issuer BBB+ (Outlook: Stable) BBB+ (Outlook: Stable) 2029 Senior Notes BBB+ BBB 2031 Senior Notes BBB BBB 2040 and 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes BBB- BBB- Series D and E Preferred Shares BBB- BBB- 
 (1) Credit ratings are provided by third parties, Standard Poor s and Fitch Ratings, and are subject to certain limitations and disclaimers. For information on these ratings, refer to the rating agencies websites and other publications. 
 Agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization. Each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating 3 . 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Reserves for Losses and LAE 
 We generally attempt to match the duration of our investment portfolio to the duration of our general liability profile and generally seek to maintain investment portfolios that are shorter or of equivalent duration to the liabilities in order to provide liquidity for the settlement of losses and, where possible, to avoid having to liquidate longer-dated investments. The settlement of liabilities also has the potential to accelerate the natural payout of losses and policyholder benefits, which may require additional liquidity. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted average estimated durations of our Run-off segment gross reserves for losses and LAE were 4.90 and 4.72 years, respectively. 
 
 3 For information on risks related to our credit ratings, refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Ownership of our Shares" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 105 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 | Management's Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Share Repurchases, Return of Capital and Dividends 
 
 We believe that the best investment is in our business, by funding future transactions and meeting our financing obligations. We may choose to return value to shareholders in the form of share repurchases or dividends. To date, we have not declared any dividends on our ordinary shares. We may re-evaluate this strategy from time to time based on overall market conditions and other factors. 
 As part of the proposed Merger Agreement as set out in Note 1. Merger Agreement of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, Enstar has agreed to a return of capital of 500 million to our shareholders, as part of the total 338 per ordinary share received. 
 We have 16,000 Series D Preferred Shares with an aggregate liquidation value of 400 million and 4,400 Series E Preferred Shares with an aggregate liquidation value of 110 million. The dividends on both Series of Preferred Shares are non-cumulative and may be paid quarterly in arrears, only when, as and if declared. 
 Any payment of ordinary or preferred dividends must be approved by our Board. Our ability to pay ordinary and preferred dividends is subject to certain restrictions. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have entered into certain investment commitments and parental guarantees. We do not believe it is reasonably likely that these arrangements will have a material unplanned current or future effect on our financial condition as they are considered in normal course of business and on-going stress testing. 
 We also utilize unsecured and secured letters of credit 4 LOCs and a deposit facility. 
 The following table represents our outstanding unfunded investment commitments and LOCs by duration as of September 30, 2024: 
 Short-Term Long-Term Less than 1 Year More than 1 Year Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Investing Activities Unfunded investment commitments (1) 
 301 1,124 1,425 Financing Activities Letters of credit 1,840 1,840 
 
 (1) Included in unfunded investment commitments, is a commitment we entered into during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to invest 10 million in an insurance-linked securities ILS arrangement through a Bermuda-based collateralized reinsurer, determined to be a related party, that will provide reinsurance capacity across a diversified portfolio of casualty programs. 

4 Refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further details. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 106 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3 | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are principally exposed to four types of market risk: interest rate risk, credit risk, equity price risk and foreign currency risk. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to these market risks or our policies to address these market risks, as disclosed in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that we maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and timely reported as specified in the rules and forms of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 107 

Table of Contents 
 Part II - Other Information 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 18 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors included in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Other than as described below, the risk factors identified therein have not materially changed. 
 On July 29, 2024, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with Elk Bidco Limited (the Parent ), an exempted company limited by shares existing under the laws of Bermuda. The Parent is backed by equity commitments from investment vehicles managed or advised by affiliates of Sixth Street. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, there will be a series of mergers resulting in the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent. Refer to Note 1. Merger Agreement of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Merger Agreement. 
 The Merger Agreement was unanimously approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The description of the Merger Agreement in these risk factors does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2024. 
 Risks Related to the Proposed Merger 
 While the Merger is pending, we are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could harm our business relationships, financial condition, results of operations and business. 
 During the period prior to the closing of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, our business is exposed to certain incremental risks and contractual restrictions that could harm our business relationships, financial condition, results of operations, and business, including: 
 the proposed Merger and its announcement could have an adverse effect on our ability to retain clients and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with our clients and business partners; 
 the diversion of management time and attention, as well as distraction of our key personnel, from the Company s ordinary course of business operations; 
 delays or deferments of certain business decisions by our clients and business partners, who may defer decisions about working with us, move to our competitors, or seek to delay or change existing business relationships with us; 
 our inability to, among other things, solicit other acquisition proposals, pursue alternative business opportunities, freely issue securities, incur or refinance certain indebtedness, or take certain actions without Parent s prior approval; 
 the proposed Merger and the termination fee of 145 million, that we may be required to pay under certain circumstances if the Merger does not close, may negatively impact the structure, pricing and terms proposed by a third party seeking to acquire or merge with the Company or deter such third party from making a competing acquisition proposal; 
 the inability to make strategic changes to our business because the Merger Agreement requires us to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct our business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in all material respects and not engage in certain kinds of transactions prior to the completion of the proposed Merger without Parent s approval; 
 negative publicity as a result of significant delays in completing the Merger or the failure to complete the Merger, which, in turn, could negatively affect our relationships with business partners and could impact investor and consumer confidence in our business; 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 108 

Table of Contents 
 Part II - Other Information 

any litigation relating to the Merger and the costs related thereto; 
 the incurrence of significant costs, expenses, and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Merger. 
 Even if successfully completed, there are certain risks to our shareholders from the Merger, including: 
 we may experience a departure of employees prior to the closing of the Merger; 
 the amount of cash to be paid under the Merger Agreement is fixed and will not be adjusted for any positive changes in our business, assets, liabilities, prospects, outlook, financial condition or operations; 
 receipt of the all-cash per share merger consideration under the Merger Agreement is taxable to shareholders that are treated as U.S. holders for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and 
 if the Merger is completed, holders of our ordinary shares will forgo the opportunity to realize the potential long-term value of the successful execution of our current strategy as an independent company. 
 The Merger may not be completed within the intended timeframe, or at all, and the failure to complete the Merger could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of our ordinary shares, depositary shares representing our preferred shares, Senior Notes and Junior Subordinated Notes. 
 The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the Merger, including (a) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Company s shareholders, (b) the approval of the Bermuda Monetary Authority pursuant to the Bermuda Exchange Control Act 1972 and the Insurance Act 1978, other additional approvals of certain other insurance regulatory bodies, the expiration, termination or receipt of any approval or clearances applicable to the consummation of the Merger under applicable antitrust laws, including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act ), and the receipt of certain additional clearances or approvals of certain other governmental bodies, without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (c) the absence of any order restraining, enjoining or otherwise preventing the Merger or any law that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger that remains in effect, (d) the absence of any Specified Debt Event of Default (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and (e) the absence of any Company Material Adverse Effect. 
 On November 6, 2024, the Company s shareholders voted in favor of the Merger at a special general meeting of the Company s shareholders. The waiting period under the HSR Act expired at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 18, 2024. However, the consummation of the Merger remains subject to the satisfaction of other closing conditions specified in the Merger Agreement, including other regulatory approvals. 
 Any such remaining required consents and approvals may not be received at all, may not be received in a timely fashion, or may impose conditions on the completion of the Merger. We cannot assure that all of the conditions in the Merger Agreement will be satisfied or waived on a timely basis or at all. If the conditions in the Merger Agreement are not satisfied or waived on a timely basis or at all, or if Parent failed to obtain financing necessary to complete the proposed transaction, we may be unable to complete the Merger in the timeframe or manner currently anticipated or at all. 
 If the Merger is delayed or not completed without realizing any of the benefits, for any of the reasons articulated above or because Sixth Street is unable to meet their equity or debt commitments required to fund the Merger, we may be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 the market price of our securities, including our ordinary shares, could decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the Merger will be completed; 
 commitments of management s time and resources to the Merger that could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities for the Company; 
 we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets or from our clients, business partners or employees; 
 any disruptions to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Merger, including adverse changes in our relationships with clients, suppliers, partners and employees, may continue or intensify in the event the Merger is not consummated or is significantly delayed; 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 109 

Table of Contents 
 Part II - Other Information 

the inability to attract and retain key personnel and recruit prospective employees, and the possibility that our current employees could be distracted, and their productivity decline as a result, due to uncertainty regarding the Merger; 
 the inability to pursue alternative business opportunities or make changes to our business pending the completion of the Merger, and other restrictions on our ability to conduct our business; 
 we have incurred, and expect to continue incurring, significant costs, expenses, and fees for professional services and other Merger-related costs, for which we may receive little or no benefit if the Merger is not completed, and many of these fees and costs will be payable by us even if the Merger is not completed; and 
 we may be required, if the Merger Agreement is terminated in certain limited circumstances, to pay a termination fee of 145 million as provided in the Merger Agreement, which would require us to use cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes or other uses. 
 If any of these or other risks materialize, they could adversely impact our ongoing business, financial condition, financial results and the price of our ordinary shares, depositary shares representing our preferred shares, Senior Notes and Junior Subordinated Notes. Similarly, delays in the completion of the Merger could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the Merger. 
 If the Merger Agreement is terminated, we may, under certain circumstances, be obligated to pay a termination fee to Parent. These costs could require us to use available cash that would have otherwise been available for other uses. 
 If the Merger is not completed, in certain circumstances, we could be required to pay a termination fee of 145 million. If the Merger Agreement is terminated, the termination fee we may be required to pay, if any, under the Merger Agreement may require us to use available cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes or other uses. For these and other reasons, termination of the Merger Agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, which in turn would materially and adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares, depositary shares representing our preferred shares, Senior Notes and Junior Subordinated Notes. 
 Our executive officers and directors may have interests in the proposed Merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of our shareholders generally. 
 Our executive officers and directors may have interests in the proposed Merger that are different from the interests of our shareholders generally, including, among others, the acceleration of the vesting of equity awards, the settlement of the JSOP and receipt of change in control or other severance payments in connection with the proposed Merger, continued indemnification and insurance, potentially continued service to the combined company and potentially the reinvestment of certain individuals in the private company (including our Chief Executive Officer). These interests, among others, may influence, or appear to influence, our executive officers and directors and cause them to view the Merger differently from how our shareholders generally may view it. 
 Additional information regarding our executive officers and directors and their interests in the proposed Merger is included in the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A relating to the proposed Merger filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 11, 2024. 
 Shareholder litigation could prevent or delay the closing of the Merger or otherwise negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Litigation relating to the Merger has been and may be filed against the Company and its Board of Directors. Among other remedies, these claimants could seek damages and/or to enjoin the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The outcome of any litigation is uncertain and any such lawsuits could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger and result in significant costs. The litigation costs, including costs associated with the indemnification of obligations to our directors, and diversion of management s attention and resources to address the claims in any litigation related to the Merger may adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. Any litigation related to the Merger may result in negative publicity or an unfavorable impression of us, which could adversely affect the price of our securities, including our ordinary shares, impair our ability to recruit or retain employees, damage our relationships with our clients and business partners, or otherwise harm our operations and financial performance. 
 The Merger will involve substantial costs and require substantial management resources, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 110 

Table of Contents 
 Part II - Other Information 

Management and financial resources have been diverted and will continue to be diverted towards the completion of the Merger. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur substantial costs and expenses relating to, as well as the direction of management resources towards, the Merger. Such costs, fees and expenses include fees and expenses payable to financial advisors, other professional fees and expenses, fees and costs relating to regulatory filings and filings with the SEC and notices and other transaction-related costs, fees and expenses. We expect these costs could have an adverse effect on our operating results. If the Merger is not completed, we will have incurred substantial expenses and expended substantial management resources for which we will have received little or no benefit if the closing of the Merger does not occur. 
 In connection with the Merger, our current and prospective employees could experience uncertainty about their future with us or decide that they do not want to continue their employment. As a result, key employees may depart because of issues relating to such uncertainty or a desire not to remain with the Company following the completion of the Merger. Loss of employees could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Such adverse effects could also be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Merger for any reason, including delays associated with obtaining requisite regulatory approvals. 
 Holders of the depositary shares representing our preferred shares who receive newly issued preferred shares of the surviving company cannot be sure of the value of the new preferred shares that they will receive as a result of the Merger, and an active trading market for the newly issued preferred shares does not exist and may not develop. 
 Upon consummation of the Merger, holders of depositary shares representing our preferred shares will receive newly issued preferred shares of the surviving company. The value of the newly issued preferred shares is unknown, and may vary as a result of a variety of factors, including the number of holders of the newly issued preferred shares, prevailing interest rates, the issuer s operating performance and financial condition, the market for similar securities and other risk factors appearing in this quarterly report. The Company cannot provide any assurances regarding the value of the newly issued preferred shares. 
 After the consummation of the Merger, the newly issued preferred shares will not be listed on any securities exchange. As a result, holders of the newly issued preferred shares may have difficulty selling such shares. If an active, liquid market for the newly issued preferred shares does not develop, the value and liquidity of the newly issued preferred shares may be adversely effected. As a result, the holders of the newly issued preferred shares may not be able to sell their preferred shares at a particular time or at a favorable price. Since the signing of the Merger Agreement Sixth Street has informed the Company that, after the consummation of the Merger, the information made available to the holders of the Senior Notes and Junior Subordinated Notes is also expected to be provided to the holders of the newly issued preferred shares. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 There were no ordinary shares acquired by the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 111 

Table of Contents 
 Part II - Other Information 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 112 

Table of Contents 
 Part II - Other Information 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 29, 2024, by and among Enstar Group Limited, Deer Ltd., Deer Merger Sub, Ltd. Elk Bidco Limited, and Elk Merger Sub Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2024). 3.1 
 Memorandum of Association of Enstar Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-K/A filed on May 2, 2011). 3.2 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of Enstar Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2021). 3.3 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Participating Non-Voting Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2016). 3.4 
 Certificate of Designations of 7.00 fixed-to-floating rate perpetual non-cumulative preference shares, Series D (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2018). 3.5 
 Certificate of Designations of 7.00 perpetual non-cumulative preference shares, Series E (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2018). 10.1 
 Transition Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2024, by and among Ms. Gregory and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2024). 10.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2024). 10.3 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited, National Australia Bank Limited and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2024). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 _______________________________ 
 filed herewith 
 furnished herewith 
 + denotes management contract or compensatory arrangement 
 s certain of the schedules and similar attachments are not filed but Enstar Group Limited undertakes to furnish a copy of the schedules or similar attachments to the SEC upon request 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 113 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on November 12, 2024. 
 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED By: /s/ Matthew Kirk Matthew Kirk Chief Financial Officer, Authorized Signatory and Principal Financial Officer By: /s/ Girish Ramanathan Girish Ramanathan Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | Third Quarter 2024 | Form 10-Q 114 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q3-exx311ceocertifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dominic F. Silvester, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Enstar Group Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 
 S DOMINIC F. SILVESTER Dominic F. Silvester Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q3-exx312cfocertifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew Kirk, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Enstar Group Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 
 S MATTHEW KIRK Matthew Kirk Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024q3-exx321ceocertifica.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Enstar Group Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dominic F. Silvester, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 
 S DOMINIC F. SILVESTER Dominic F. Silvester Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2024q3-exx322cfocertifica.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Enstar Group Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew Kirk, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 
 S MATTHEW KIRK Matthew Kirk Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 esgr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 esgr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 esgr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 esgr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 esgr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

