<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1820175_0001213900-24-098490.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4412093</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110158</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>975709</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>875042</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1107236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1264311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098490.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OCA Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001820175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				852218652
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39901
		FILM NUMBER:		241463241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		485 MADISON AVENUE FLOOR 17TH
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122018525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		485 MADISON AVENUE FLOOR 17TH
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098490.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0221080-10q_ocaacq.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTC OTC OTC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there
were shares of Class A common stock and shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Control and Procedures 
 26 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 27 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 28 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 29 

SIGNATURES 
 30 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Convertible promissory notes - related party 

Excise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and none issued and outstanding (excluding 2,998,436 and 3,900,717 shares, respectively, subject to possible redemption) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other income, net 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of nonredeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, nonredeemable common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Deposit into trust for extension 

Interest withdrawn from Trust Account to pay for franchise and federal income taxes 

Cash withdrawn for redemptions 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Redemption of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for federal income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

units
at per unit, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional units,
generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3 (the IPO ). 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company consummated the sale of private placement warrants (the private placement warrants ), at a price
of per private placement warrant, pursuant to a warrant purchase agreement with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is discussed in Note 4 (the Private Placement ). 

Transaction costs of the IPO amounted to ,
consisting of of underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee, and of other offering costs. 

Following the closing of the IPO on January 20,
2021, (approximately per unit, which does not take into account contributions to the trust account by the
Sponsor in connection with the charter extension amendments) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the units in the IPO and the
sale of the private placement warrants were placed in a trust account (the trust account and invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a
money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Except with
respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the
private placement warrants will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial business
combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is
unable to complete the initial business combination by the Termination Date (as defined below). On January 19, 2023, the Company liquidated
the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account. On March 5, 2024, the Company invested the funds
in the trust account in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company act. The funds in the
trust account will be so maintained until the earlier of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination and its
liquidation. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any,
which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

The Company will provide its public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial business combination either
(i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount then on deposit in the trust account (initially approximately per share, which does not take into account contributions
to the trust account by the Sponsor in connection with the Company s charter extension amendments, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

5 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

upon such consummation of an initial business combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder
approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of an initial business combination. 

On July 15, 2022, the board of directors of the
Company (the board elected to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from
July 20, 2022 to January 20, 2023, as permitted under the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. On July 20,
2022, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of up to to the Company s Sponsor, and on July 25, 2022,
the Sponsor deposited (representing per public share) into the Company s trust account for its public stockholders.
This deposit enabled the Company to extend the date by which the Company has to complete its initial business combination from July 20,
2022 to January 20, 2023. 

On January 19, 2023, OCA held the its first extension
meeting (the First Extension Meeting to approve an amendment (the First Charter Amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter to extend the date (the Termination Date by which OCA has to consummate an initial business combination from January 20, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to
April 20, 2023 (the Charter Extension Date and to allow OCA, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination
Date to consummate an initial business combination on a monthly basis up to nine times by an additional one month each time after the
Charter Extension Date, by resolution of the board, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the
applicable Termination Date, until January 20, 2024, or a total of up to twelve months after the Original Termination Date, unless the
closing of an initial business combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). The stockholders
of OCA approved the Extension Amendment Proposal at the First Extension Meeting and on January 19, 2023, OCA filed the First Charter Amendment
with the Delaware Secretary of State. Following April 20, 2023, the board approved all nine monthly extensions of the deadline to complete
an initial business combination, extending the deadline to January 20, 2024 and drew an aggregate of pursuant to the 2023 Note. 

In connection with the vote to approve the First
Charter Amendment, the holders of public shares of common stock of OCA properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
(and did not withdraw their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately . 

On December 21, 2023, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the Business Combination
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Business Combination ), by and among the Company, Powermers
Smart Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation PSI ), and POWR Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and
wholly owned subsidiary of PSI Merger Sub ). 

PSI is a green-powered innovator at the intersection
of modern engineering, fleet management solutions, and product platforms for the commercial transportation and industrial equipment sectors.
At the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ), the combined company is expected to have a pro forma equity value
of approximately billion. See further details in Note 6. 

On January 9, 2024, the Company held a second
extension meeting (the Second Extension Meeting to approve an amendment to the Company s Charter to extend the Termination
Date from January 20, 2024 (the Previous Termination Date to February 20, 2024 (the Second Charter Extension Date and to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date on a monthly basis up to eleven times
by an additional one month each time after the Second Charter Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors,
if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date. Additionally, the Company
held the Second Extension Meeting to approve an amendment to the Charter to eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem shares
of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), to the extent that
such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), of less than (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to
redeem shares of Class A common stock irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Redemption
Limitation Amendment Proposal ). 

6 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 . 

Accordingly, on January 11, 2024, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 2024 Note to the Sponsor and drew pursuant
to the 2024 Note. The 2024 Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination.
In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, this note will be repaid only from funds held outside
of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. At the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid
principal amount of the 2024 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price of per warrant. The proceeds of this
note have been deposited in the trust account. 

On February 20, 2024, March 20, 2024, April 19,
2024, May 17, 2024, June 19, 2024, July 19, 2024, August 20, 2024, September 20, 2024 and October 20, 2024, the board approved draws of
an aggregate of (the Extension Funds pursuant to the 2024 Note, which are Extension Funds the Company subsequently
deposited into the Company s trust account for its public stockholders. These deposits enabled the Company to extend the date by
which it must complete its initial business combination from February 20, 2024 to March 20, 2024, from March 20, 2024 to April 20, 2024,
from April 20, 2024 to May 20, 2024, from May 20, 2024 to June 20, 2024, from June 20, 2024 to July 20, 2024, from July 20, 2024 to August
20, 2024, from August 20, 2024 to September 20, 2024, from September 20, 2024 to October 20, 2024 and from October 20, 2024 to November
20, 2024, respectively (the Extensions ). The Extensions are the first nine of eleven one-month extensions permitted under
the Charter and provide the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. 

On January 11, 2024, the Sponsor converted an
aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share (the Class B common stock ),
into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. The Sponsor waived any right to receive funds from the trust account with
respect to the shares of Class A common stock received upon such conversion and acknowledged that such shares will be subject to all of
the restrictions applicable to the original shares of Class B common stock under the terms of that certain letter agreement, dated as
of January 14, 2021, by and among, the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor. 

On January 16, 2024, the Company received a notice
from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, unless
the Company timely requested a hearing (the Hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), trading
of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market would be suspended at the opening of business on January 25, 2024, due
to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company SPAC complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company timely
requested the Hearing before the Panel to request sufficient time to complete the Company s previously disclosed proposed business
combination with Powermers Smart Industries, Inc. 

The Hearing occurred on April 2, 2024. On April
25, 2024, the Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant the Company s request for an exception to its listing deficiencies
until July 15, 2024 in light of the progress the Company had made toward closing the Company s previously disclosed proposed business
combination with Powermers Smart Industries, Inc. The Panel advised the Company that July 15, 2024 represented the full extent of the
Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while the Company is non-compliant with the Nasdaq s Listing Rules. 

On July 19, 2024, the Company received a notice
(the Delisting Notice from Nasdaq stating that Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company s securities on The Nasdaq
Capital Market, effective at the open of business on July 23, 2024. Nasdaq reached its decision pursuant to Nasdaq IM-5101-2 because the
Company did not complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. 

Following the suspension of trading on The Nasdaq
Capital Market, the Company s Units, shares of Class A common stock and redeemable warrants are eligible to trade on the OTC Pink
Marketplace under the symbols OCAXU, OCAX and OCAXW, respectively. On September 20, 2024, Nasdaq
completed the delisting by filing a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on Form 25 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Notwithstanding the delisting of the Company s
securities from Nasdaq, it remains the intention of the Company to continue to pursue the business combination with PSI, as well as the
listing of PSI on Nasdaq. 

7 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if
less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in
the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company
independently verified whether its Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Company s
Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. 

Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in its operating bank account. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company satisfied its liquidity needs primarily through funding by its Sponsor. Until the consummation of an initial business combination,
the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account. The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional
investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their
sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing.
If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until November 20, 2024 to consummate
an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time.
If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date and an extension not requested by the Sponsor, there will be a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation,
should an initial business combination not occur and an extension is not requested by the Sponsor, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 20, 2024. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company s results of operations and
its ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond the Company s control. The Company s business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. The Company
cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which
they may negatively impact its business and its ability to complete an initial business combination. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

On January 18, 2023 and January 8, 2024, the Company s
stockholders redeemed and public shares of common stock, respectively, for a total redemption amount of 
and respectively. The Company evaluated the classification and accounting of the stock redemption under ASC 450, Contingencies .
ASC 450 states that when a loss contingency exists the likelihood that the future event(s) will confirm the loss or impairment of an asset
or the incurrence of a liability can range from probable to remote. A contingent liability must be reviewed at each reporting period to
determine appropriate treatment. The Company evaluated the current status of completing an initial business combination as well as variability
of its liquidation date as of September 30, 2024 and concluded that it is probable that a contingent liability should be recorded. As
of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded of excise tax liability calculated as of shares redeemed on January 18, 2023
and January 8, 2024. 

8 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

9 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

. Any loss or lack of access to such funds could have a material adverse impact
on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of
the Company s condensed balance sheets. 

and , respectively, which is in
accumulated deficit. 

10 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, due to changes in fair value in warrant liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

11 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

of
the Company s Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted (loss) income per share of common stock for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As
a result, diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock is the same as basic net (loss) income per share of common stock for the
period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. 

Less: Allocation of (loss) income to nonredeemable common stock 

Adjusted net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable common stock 

Net income (loss) per share for non redeemable common stock: 

Net income (loss) 

Less: Allocation of (loss) income to redeemable common stock 

Adjusted net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of nonredeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, nonredeemable common stock 

12 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

units,
at a purchase price of per unit, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option to purchase
an additional units. Each unit consists of share of Class A common stock, and one-half of redeemable
warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the public warrants ). 

Public Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein.
The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or 30 days after the completion of its initial
business combination, and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

13 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
the Company s Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Company s Sponsor or its
affiliates, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination
on the date of the consummation of an initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
price of the Company s Common Stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
consummates the initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the per share redemption trigger price (as further described below) will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus is current. No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock
upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In no event will the Company be
required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser
of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, the management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless
basis. If the management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their
warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below)
over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

private placement warrants at a price of per private placement
warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the private placement was
added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the trust account. 

Each private placement warrant was identical to
the public warrants sold in the IPO, except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days
after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, and (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis. The Company s Sponsor has agreed to (i) waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares and public shares
in connection with the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) waive its redemption rights with respect
to its founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 
of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination by November 20, 2024 or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive its
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if the Company fails to complete its initial
business combination by November 20, 2024. 

14 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

shares
of Common Stock to the Sponsor for in cash, or approximately per share, in connection with formation (the founder
shares ). On December 21, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock
for no consideration, which were cancelled, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding
including up to shares which were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was
not exercised in full or in part. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise of their over-allotment option on
January 20, 2021, the shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell its founder shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the Company s initial business
combination or (B) subsequent to the Company s initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company s
Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s
initial business combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other
similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

On January 11, 2024, the Sponsor converted an
aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. The
Sponsor waived any right to receive funds from the trust account with respect to the shares of Class A common stock received upon such
conversion and acknowledged that such shares will be subject to all of the restrictions applicable to the original shares of Class B common
stock under the terms of that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and among, the Company, its officers and directors
and the Sponsor. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On July 28, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Sponsor for an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the IPO (the 2020 Note ).
The 2020 Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. At December 31, 2020,
the Company had drawn under the 2020 Note. During the period from January 1, 2021 to January 18, 2021, the Company had additional
borrowings of under the 2020 Note. On January 20, 2021, the Company paid the full balance on the 2020 Note
from the proceeds of the IPO, and the 2020 Note is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
an initial business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to
the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that
an initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to
repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

On December 14, 2021, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor (the 2021 Note ). The 2021 Note was issued in connection
with advances the Sponsor has made, and may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses. At the election of the Sponsor,
all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2021 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price of per
warrant (the Conversion Warrants ). The Conversion Warrants and their underlying securities are entitled to the registration
rights set forth in the 2021 Note. 

The Company accounts for the 2021 Note within
the scope of ASC 815 and has elected to bifurcate the embedded derivative within the convertible promissory note. The fair value of the
embedded conversion feature upon the issuance of the 2021 Note is de minimis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 
was outstanding under the 2021 Note. 

15 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

2022 Note (representing per public share) into the Company s trust account. This
extension provided the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. The 2022 Note may be settled in whole
warrants to purchase Class A common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to per warrant. The loan will not bear any
interest and will be repayable to OCA Acquisition Holdings LLC upon the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates an initial
business combination and the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there
was outstanding under the 2022 Note. 

On January 19, 2023, the Company issued the 2023
Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of up to . The 2023 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of
the initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, the 2023 Note will
be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. At the election of
the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price
of per warrant. Pursuant to the Charter, the Sponsor deposited into the trust account in order for the time available for
the Company to consummate the initial business combination to be extended. Following April 20, 2023, the board approved all nine monthly
extensions of the deadline to complete an initial business combination, extending the deadline to January 20, 2024 and drew an aggregate
of pursuant to the 2023 Note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the 2023
Note. 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company entered into a subscription agreement (the Insider Subscription Agreement with the Sponsor.
Pursuant to the Insider Subscription Agreement, the Sponsor agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and
sell to the Sponsor, immediately prior to the Merger, an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase
price of (the Insider PIPE Investment ). Upon Closing, each issued and outstanding share of common stock will
be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive one share of PSI Common Stock. 

On January 11, 2024, the Company issued the 2024
Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of up to . The 2024 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of
the initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, the 2024 Note will
be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. At the election of
the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2024 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price
of per warrant. Pursuant to the Charter, on January 19, 2024, Sponsor deposited into the trust account in order to extend
the time available for the Company to consummate its initial business combination. If the Company anticipates that it may not be able
to consummate the initial business combination by November 20, 2024, and subject to Sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust
account pursuant to the 2024 Note, the Company s time to consummate a business combination shall be extended for up to an additional
two months until January 20, 2025. For each monthly extension, Sponsor will deposit into the trust account. 

On February 20, 2024, March 20, 2024, April 19,
2024, May 17, 2024, June 19, 2024, July 19, 2024, August 20, 2024, September 20, 2024 and October 20, 2024, the board approved draws of
an aggregate of pursuant to the 2024 Note, which are Extension Funds the Company subsequently deposited into the Company s
trust account for its public stockholders. These deposits enabled the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial
business combination from February 20, 2024 to March 20, 2024, from March 20, 2024 to April 20, 2024, from April 20, 2024 to May 20, 2024,
from May 20, 2024 to June 20, 2024, from June 20, 2024 to July 20, 2024, from July 20, 2024 to August 20, 2024, from August 20, 2024 to
September 20, 2024, from September 20, 2024 to October 20, 2024 and from October 20, 2024 to November 20, 2024, respectively. The Extensions
are the first nine of eleven one-month extensions permitted under the Charter and provide the Company with additional time to complete
its initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024, there was outstanding under the 2024 Note. 

The Company accounts for the 2022 Note, 2023 Note
and 2024 Note within the scope of ASC 815 and has elected to bifurcate the embedded derivative within the convertible promissory note.
The fair value of the embedded conversion feature upon the issuance of the 2022 Note, 2023 Note and 2024 Note are de minimis. 

In connection with the Company s entry into
the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor agreed to convert the (i) 2021 Note into Working Capital Warrants (as defined in the warrant
agreement), (ii) the 2022 Note into Extension Warrants (as defined in the warrant agreement), and (iii) the 2023 Note and the 2024 Note
into Post-IPO Warrants (as defined in the warrant agreement) if the Business Combination is consummated. 

Administrative Service Fee 

Effective January 20, 2021, the Company agreed
to pay an affiliate of the Company s Sponsor a monthly fee of for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. The Company has ceased paying these monthly fees effective July 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company incurred in administrative service fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company
incurred and in administrative service fees, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owed
an affiliate of the Company s Sponsor and , respectively, for amounts under this administrative support services agreement.
This amount has been recorded in due to related party in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

16 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

and for shared service expenses from the Sponsor primarily relating to legal services,
respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred an additional and , respectively,
for shared service expenses from the Sponsor primarily relating to legal services. The Company has a and balance due
to Sponsor at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This amount has been recorded in due to related party in the accompanying
condensed balance sheets. 

Advances from Sponsor 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company has recorded a total of and in due to related party for advances from the Sponsor to cover expenses, respectively.
This amount has been recorded in due to related party in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

additional units at the public offering price less the underwriting
commissions to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 20, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option and
was paid a cash underwriting discount of per unit, or in the aggregate. 

The underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting
fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial business combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On December 21, 2023, the Company entered into
the Business Combination Agreement, by and among the Company, PSI and Merger Sub. 

PSI is a green-powered innovator at the intersection
of modern engineering, fleet management solutions, and product platforms for the commercial transportation and industrial equipment sectors.
At the Closing, the combined company is expected to have a pro forma equity value of approximately billion. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
upon the Closing, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger ), with the Company being the surviving corporation
of such Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSI. 

In connection with the Merger, each (i) share
of Class A common stock and (ii) share of Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
(the Effective Time will be automatically cancelled and extinguished and converted into the right to receive share
of common stock of PSI, par value per share PSI Common Stock ). All shares of common stock held in treasury will be
cancelled and extinguished without consideration. 

At the Effective Time, each whole warrant issued
as part of the units, each consisting of share of Class A common stock and one-half of public warrant, sold in the Company s
initial public offering and each whole warrant issued to the Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Company s
initial public offering (the private placement warrants and, together with the public warrants, the Warrants that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding but shall be assumed by PSI and automatically adjusted
to become (A) with respect to each public warrant, one public warrant of PSI and (B) with respect to each private placement warrant, one
private placement warrant of PSI, each of which shall be subject to substantially the same terms and conditions applicable prior to such
conversion; except that each such warrants shall be exercisable (or will become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for one share
of PSI Common Stock. 

Each unit that is outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time will be automatically separated into one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one public warrant, which
underlying securities will be converted as described above. 

17 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(the Convertible Notes ). Concurrently with the execution of the Note
Purchase Agreement, PSI sold and issued, and Antara purchased, Convertible Notes in the initial principal amount of . 

The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate
of per annum (subject to increase upon an certain customary events of default under the note Convertible Notes or if the Business Combination
Agreement is terminated in certain situations) and are due and payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the second anniversary of the termination
of the Business Combination Agreement, (ii) following termination of the Business Combination Agreement, PSI consummates an initial public
offering or (iii) following termination of the Business Combination Agreement, PSI receives at least in equity or debt financing. 

Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, PSI will
use the proceeds of the Convertible Notes solely for working capital purposes for the operation of PSI s business. 

In connection with the Closing, the Convertible
Notes will automatically convert into shares of PSI Common Stock. 

Insider Subscription Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company entered into the Insider Subscription Agreement with the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Insider Subscription
Agreement, the Sponsor agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Sponsor, immediately prior
to the Merger, an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of (the Insider
PIPE Investment ). Upon Closing, each issued and outstanding share of common stock will be automatically cancelled, extinguished
and converted into the right to receive one share of PSI Common Stock. 

PSI Stockholder Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, PSI, the Company and the stockholders of PSI party thereto (the PSI Stockholders have entered into
a Company Stockholder Support Agreement (the PSI Stockholder Support Agreement ). The PSI Stockholder Support Agreement provides,
among other things, that the PSI Stockholders shall vote all the shares of PSI Common Stock beneficially owned by them in favor of the
Business Combination. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Antara, the Company, PSI and each of the officers and directors of the Company (the Insiders have entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ). 

The Sponsor Support Agreement provides, among
other things, that (i) the Sponsor and Antara shall vote all the shares of common stock beneficially owned by them in favor of the proposals
to approve the Business Combination and other matters to be voted upon at the special meetings of stockholders of the Company, (ii) effective
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Sponsor shall forfeit and surrender to the Company for cancellation private
placement warrants, (iii) effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Sponsor shall convert all outstanding loans made
to the Company into Warrants and (iv) the Sponsor shall use its best efforts to facilitate identifying and obtaining commitments from
investors for a PIPE investment in an aggregate amount of in exchange for shares of Class A common stock. 

preferred shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A common stock. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were and shares issued and outstanding, respectively, including and shares subject
to possible redemption, respectively. In connection with the Second Extension Meeting, holders of shares of Class A common stock
exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately 
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . On January 11, 2024, the Sponsor converted an aggregate of
 shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Class B Common Stock 
The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B common stock. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

18 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

after the completion of the
Company s initial business combination or (B) subsequent to the Company s initial business combination, (x) if the
last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the Company s initial business combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital
stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common
Stock for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of the Company s initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. 

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the time of its initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment
as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of an initial business combination, the ratio at
which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance)
so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the
aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of Common Stock outstanding upon the completion
of this offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination or any private placement-equivalent units issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

Holders of the Class A common stock and holders
of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders,
with each share of Common Stock entitling the holder to one vote. 

September 30, 2024 

Liabilities: 

Public warrants liability 

Private placement warrants liability 

December 31, 2023 

Private placement warrants liability 

The warrants are accounted for as liabilities
in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are
measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant
liability in the condensed statements of operations. 

19 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2023 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Stock price 

pursuant to the 2024 Note, which the Company subsequently deposited into the Company s trust account
for its public stockholders. This deposit enables the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial business combination
from October 20, 2024 to November 20, 2024. This Extension is the ninth of eleven one-month extensions permitted under the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination. 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, our, 
 us or we refer to OCA Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto
contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and
projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions
about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, 
or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations
and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly
Report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described
in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on July 28, 2020 for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our business combination using
cash derived from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination
of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

The registration statement for our initial public
offering was declared effective by the SEC on January 14, 2021. Our sponsor is OCA Acquisition Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company. On January 20, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 14,950,000 units (including 1,950,000 units issued to the
underwriters pursuant to the exercise in full of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters) at 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 149.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 8.8 million, inclusive of 5.2 million in deferred underwriting
commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering, we consummated the private placement of 7,057,500 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant to the sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of approximately 7.1 million. 

Upon the closing of the initial public offering
and sale of the private placement warrants on January 20, 2021, 151.7 million 10.15 per unit, which does not take into account contributions
to the trust account by the sponsor in connection with our charter extension amendments) of the net proceeds of the sale of the units
in the initial public offering and the private placement warrants were placed in the trust account. The trust account is located in the
United States with Continental acting as trustee, and was invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by the Company until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account
as described below. On January 19, 2023, we liquidated the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust
account and maintained the funds in the trust account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until March 5, 2024.
On March 5, 2024, we invested the funds in the trust account in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act. The funds in the trust account will be so maintained until the earlier of the consummation of our initial
business combination and our liquidation. 

On January 19, 2023, we held the First Extension
Meeting to, in part, amend our Charter to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination from January 20, 2023
to April 20, 2023 (or up to January 20, 2024, if extended at the request of our sponsor). Following April 20, 2023, the board approved
all nine monthly extensions of the deadline to complete an initial business combination, extending the deadline to January 20, 2024 and
drew an aggregate of 1,080,000 pursuant to the 2023 Note. In connection with the extension vote, 11,049,283 public shares of our common
stock were redeemed for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 114,017,035. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the
balance in our trust account was approximately 40,251,317. 

On December 21, 2023, we entered into the Business
Combination Agreement, by and among us, PSI and Merger Sub. 

On January 9, 2024, we held the Second Extension
Meeting to approve an amendment to our Charter to extend the Termination Date from January 20, 2024 (the Previous Termination Date to February 20, 2024 (the Second Charter Extension Date and to allow us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to
extend the Termination Date on a monthly basis up to eleven times by an additional one month each time after the Second Charter Extension
Date, by resolution of our board of directors, if requested by the sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
Termination Date. Additionally, we held the Second Extension Meeting to approve an amendment to the Charter to eliminate the Redemption
Limitation in order to allow us to redeem shares of Class A common stock irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption
Limitation (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal ). 

21 

Our stockholders approved the Extension Amendment
Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal (together, the Charter Amendment at the Second Extension Meeting
and on January 11, 2024, the Company filed the Charter Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. 

In connection with the vote to approve the Charter
Amendment, the holders of shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their
redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.83 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 9,778,698. 

Accordingly, on January 11, 2024, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 1,080,000 (the 2024 Note to the sponsor and drew 90,000
pursuant to the 2024 Note. The 2024 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of an initial business combination. In the event
that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, this note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust
account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. At the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal
amount of the 2024 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The proceeds of this note have
been deposited in the trust account. 

On January 11, 2024, our sponsor converted an
aggregate of 300,000 shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Our sponsor waived any
right to receive funds from the trust account with respect to the shares of Class A common stock received upon such conversion and acknowledged
that such shares will be subject to all of the restrictions applicable to the original shares of Class B common stock under the terms
of that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and among, us, our officers and directors and our sponsor. 

On February 20, 2024, March 20, 2024, April 19,
2024, May 17, 2024, June 19, 2024, July 19, 2024, August 20, 2024, September 20, 2024 and October 20, 2024, the board approved an extension
of the Termination Date from February 20, 2024 to March 20, 2024, from March 20, 2024 to April 20, 2024, from April 20, 2024 to May 20,
2024, from May 20, 2024 to June 20, 2024, from June 20, 2024 to July 20, 2024, from July 20, 2024 to August 20, 2024, from August 20,
2024 to September 20, 2024, from September 20, 2024 to October 20, 2024 and from October 20, 2024 to November 20, 2024, respectively,
and drew an additional 810,000 90,000 per each one-month extension) pursuant to the 2024 Note. 

On January 16, 2024, the Company received a notice
from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requested a Hearing before
the Panel, trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market would be suspended at the opening of business on January
25, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a SPAC complete one or more business combinations
within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company timely requested the Hearing before the Panel to
request sufficient time to complete the Company s previously disclosed proposed business combination with Powermers Smart Industries,
Inc. 

The Hearing occurred on April 2, 2024. On April
25, 2024, the Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant the Company s request for an exception to its listing deficiencies
until July 15, 2024 in light of the progress the Company had made toward closing the Company s previously disclosed proposed business
combination with Powermers Smart Industries, Inc. The Panel advised the Company that July 15, 2024 represented the full extent of the
Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while the Company is non-compliant with the Nasdaq s Listing Rules. 

On July 19, 2024, the Company received the Delisting
Notice from Nasdaq stating that Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market, effective
at the open of business on July 23, 2024. Nasdaq reached its decision pursuant to Nasdaq IM-5101-2 because the Company did not complete
one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. 

22 

Following the suspension of trading on The Nasdaq
Capital Market, the Company s Units, shares of Class A common stock and redeemable warrants are eligible to trade on the OTC Pink
Marketplace under the symbols OCAXU, OCAX and OCAXW, respectively. On September 20, 2024, Nasdaq
completed the delisting by filing a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on Form 25 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Notwithstanding the delisting of the Company s
securities from Nasdaq, it remains the intention of the Company to continue to pursue the business combination with PSI, as well as the
listing of PSI on Nasdaq. 

If we have not completed an initial business combination
by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for our initial public offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the
form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of approximately 0.9 million which included income from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately
 0.9 million, interest earned on trust account of approximately 0.4 million, offset by loss from operations of approximately 0.4 million
and provision for income tax of approximately 82,000. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of approximately 0.1 million which included income from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately
 0.5 million, interest earned on trust account of approximately 1.2 million, offset by loss from operations of approximately 1.3 million
and provision for income tax of approximately 0.2 million. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of approximately 0.1 million which included a loss from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately
 0.1 million, provision for income tax of approximately 72,000 and loss from operations of approximately 0.3 million, offset by interest
earned on trust account of approximately 0.4 million. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of approximately 0.5 million which included a loss from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately
 0.6 million, provision for income tax of approximately 0.3 million and loss from operations of approximately 1.0 million, offset by
interest earned on trust account of approximately 1.4 million. 

23 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations and our ability to complete
an initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the
financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial
markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines
in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants,
and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or
more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to
complete an initial business combination. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,465 in our
operating bank account. 

The Company s liquidity needs up to our
Initial Public Offering had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares and the loan
under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor for 145,000. The outstanding balance on the promissory note from the sponsor was
paid in full from the initial public offering proceeds on February 26, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public offering,
our liquidity needs had been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the sale of the private placement warrants not
held in the trust account and advances from our sponsor. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial
business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, provide us working capital loans. 

On December 14, 2021, we issued the 2021 Note
in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000 to our sponsor. The 2021 Note was issued in connection with advances the sponsor has made,
and may make in the future, to the Company for working capital expenses. If we complete an initial business combination, we will repay
the 2021 Note out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the 2021 Note will be repaid only out of funds held
outside the trust account. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay the 2021 Note but no proceeds from the trust account will be used to repay the 2021 Note. At the
election of the sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2021 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company
at a price of 1.00 per warrant (the Conversion Warrants ). The Conversion Warrants and their underlying securities are entitled
to the registration rights set forth in the 2021 Note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was 1,500,000 outstanding
under the 2021 Note. 

On July 20, 2022, we issued the 2022 Note to our
sponsor. The 2022 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of our initial business combination. In the event that we do not
consummate an initial business combination, the 2022 Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be
forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was 747,500 outstanding under the
2022 Note. 

On January 19, 2023, we issued the 2023 Note to
our sponsor. The 2023 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of our initial business combination. In the event that we do
not consummate an initial business combination, the 2023 Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will
be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. At the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the
2023 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.00 per warrant. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023
there was 1,080,000 outstanding under the 2023 Note. 

On January 11, 2024, we issued the 2024 Note to
our sponsor. The 2024 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of our initial business combination. In the event that we do
not consummate an initial business combination, the 2024 Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will
be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. At the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the
2024 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.00 per warrant. As of September 30, 2024, there was 810,000
outstanding under the 2024 Note. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that
the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of an
initial business combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using these funds held outside of the trust
account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial business combination candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the initial business combination. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until November 20, 2024 to consummate
an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time.
If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date and an extension not requested by the sponsor, there will be a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation,
should an initial business combination not occur and an extension is not requested by the sponsor, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 20, 2024. The Company intends to complete
an initial business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

24 

Contractual Obligations 

We did not have any long-term debt obligations,
capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities, other than deferred underwriting
fees of 5,232,500, 1,500,000 outstanding under the 2021 Note, 747,500 outstanding under the 2022 Note, 1,080,000 outstanding under
the 2023 Note and 810,000 outstanding under the 2024 Note as of September 30, 2024. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Warrants Liability 

We evaluated the warrants in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815-40, Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and concluded that a provision in the warrant
agreement, dated January 14, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as warrant agent, related to certain tender or exchange
offers as well as provisions that provided for potential changes to the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics of the holder
of the warrant, precludes the warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the warrants meet the definition of a derivative 
as contemplated in ASC 815-40 and are not eligible for an exception from derivative accounting, the warrants are recorded as derivative
liabilities on the balance sheets in the accompanying financial statements and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the
initial public offering) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement , with changes
in fair value recognized in the Statements of Operations in the accompanying financial statements in the period of change. 

The estimates used to calculate the fair value
of our derivative assets and liabilities change at each balance sheet date based on our stock price and other assumptions. If our assumptions
change or we experience significant volatility in our stock price or interest rates, the fair value calculated from one balance sheet
period to the next could be materially different. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):
Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity, which is intended to simplify the accounting for
certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s
own equity. The guidance allows for either full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption. The guidance is effective for
the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact the adoption
of this guidance will have on its condensed financial statements. 

The Company s management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. 

25 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined
in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly
in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

26 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as those risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business
or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future
filings with the SEC. 

Nasdaq delisted the Company s securities
from its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in its securities and subject the Company to additional
trading restrictions. 

On January 16, 2024, the Company received a notice
from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requested a Hearing before
the Panel, trading of the Company s securities on Nasdaq would be suspended at the opening of business on January 25, 2024, due
to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a SPAC complete one or more business combinations within
36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company timely requested the Hearing before the Panel to request
sufficient time to complete the Company s previously disclosed proposed business combination with Powermers Smart Industries, Inc. 

The Hearing occurred on April 2, 2024. On April
25, 2024, the Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant the Company s request for an exception to its listing deficiencies
until July 15, 2024 in light of the progress the Company had made toward closing the Company s previously disclosed proposed business
combination with Powermers Smart Industries, Inc. The Panel advised the Company that July 15, 2024 represented the full extent of the
Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while the Company is non-compliant with the Nasdaq s Listing Rules. 

On July 19, 2024, the Company received the Delisting
Notice from Nasdaq stating that Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market, effective
at the open of business on July 23, 2024. Nasdaq reached its decision pursuant to Nasdaq IM-5101-2 because the Company did not complete
one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. On September 20, 2024, Nasdaq
completed the delisting by filing a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on Form 25 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The Company s Units, shares of Class A common
stock and redeemable warrants are eligible to trade on the OTC Pink Marketplace under the symbols OCAXU, OCAX 
and OCAXW, respectively. The Company remains subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Since the
Company s securities trade on the OTC Pink Marketplace, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

the price of our securities will likely decrease as a result of the loss
of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq; 

a requirement to trade on the OTC Pink Marketplace for a year before reapplying
for listing on a national securities exchange; 

holders may be unable to sell or purchase our securities when they wish to
do so; 

we may become subject to shareholder litigation; 

we may lose the interest of institutional investors in our securities; 

we may lose media and analyst coverage; and we
would likely lose any active trading market for our securities, as our securities may then only be traded on one of the over-the-counter
markets, if at all. 

27 

Additionally, if our securities are delisted from
trading on the OTC Pink Marketplace, our investors ability to make transactions in our securities could be limited and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. 

Because our securities were delisted from Nasdaq
and are no longer listed on a national securities exchange, we may face significant material adverse consequences, including: (i) a limited
availability of market quotations for our securities, (ii) reduced liquidity for our securities, (iii) a determination that our securities
are penny stocks which will require brokers trading in our securities to adhere to more stringent rules, including being
subject to the depository requirements of Rule 419 of the Securities Act, and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in
the secondary trading market for our securities, (iv) a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing
in the future, and (v) a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business in connection with an initial business combination.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Securities were delisted from Nasdaq
and trade on the OTC Pink Marketplace, our securities do not qualify as covered securities under the Securities Act and we are subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Public stockholders who do not elect to redeem their public shares may be
unable to recover their investment except through sales of our shares on the open market or upon our liquidation or redemption of shares.
The price of our shares may be volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will be able to dispose of our shares at favorable
prices, or at all. 

The SEC has recently issued final rules
relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that the Company or others may determine to undertake in connection
with such rules may increase our costs and the time needed to complete the Business Combination. 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC issued final rules
(the 2024 SPAC Rules ), which became effective on July 1, 2024, that formally adopted some of the SEC s proposed rules
for SPACs that were released on March 30, 2022. The 2024 SPAC Rules, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial
public offerings by SPACs and business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement
requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general
use of projections in SEC filings, including requiring disclosure of all material bases of the projections and all material assumptions
underlying the projections; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and
could impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially
adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete, and the costs associated with, our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

28 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officers (Chief Executive Officer and President) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Chief Financial Officer and Director) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officers (Chief Executive Officer and President) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Chief Financial Officer and Director) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OCA ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Shen 

Name: 
 David Shen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Glat 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Glat 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022108001ex31-1_ocaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Shen, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OCA Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Shen 

David Shen 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022108001ex31-2_ocaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey Glat, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OCA Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Glat 

Jeffrey Glat 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022108001ex32-1_ocaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
Quarterly Report of OCA Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Shen,
Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ David Shen 

Name: 
 David Shen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022108001ex32-2_ocaacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
Quarterly Report of OCA Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Glat,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Jeffrey Glat 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Glat 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ocax-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ocax-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ocax-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ocax-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ocax-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

