<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_106640_0000106640-24-000151.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12793400</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107383</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2617477</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5318887</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2282901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2153505</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000106640-24-000151.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024101554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000106640-24-000151
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WHIRLPOOL CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES [3630]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				381490038
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03932
		FILM NUMBER:		241391022

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WHIRLPOOL CNTR 2000 M 63
		STREET 2:		C/O CORPORATE SECRETARY
		CITY:			BENTON HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49022-2692
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2699235000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WHIRLPOOL CTR 2000 M 63
		STREET 2:		C/O CORPORATE SECRETARY
		CITY:			BENTON HARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49022-2692

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WHIRLPOOL SEEGER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000106640-24-000151.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 whr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

whr-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered and 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Class of common stock Shares outstanding at October 18, 2024 Common stock, par value 1.00 per share 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 5 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. Exhibit s 
 50 
 SIGNATURES 
 51 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Certain statements contained in this quarterly report, including those within the forward-looking perspective section within the Management's Discussion and Analysis section, and other written and oral statements made from time to time by us or on our behalf do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. As such, they are considered "forward-looking statements" which provide current expectations or forecasts of future events. Such statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "possible," "plan," "predict," "forecast," "potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," "guarantee," "seek," and the negative of these words and words and terms of similar substance. Our forward-looking statements generally relate to our growth strategies, financial results, product development, and sales efforts. These forward-looking statements should be considered with the understanding that such statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, and may be affected by inaccurate assumptions. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results may vary materially. 
 This document contains forward-looking statements about Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries ("Whirlpool") that speak only as of this date. Whirlpool disclaims any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements in this document may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future financial results, long-term value creation goals, restructuring expectations, productivity, raw material prices and related costs, supply chain, portfolio transformation expectations, asset impairment, litigation, ESG efforts, debt repayment expectations, and the impact of COVID-19 and the Russia/Ukraine, Israel and Red Sea conflicts on our operations. Many risks, contingencies and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from Whirlpool's forward-looking statements. Among these factors are: (1) intense competition in the home appliance industry, and the impact of the changing retail environment, including direct-to-consumer sales; (2) Whirlpool's ability to maintain or increase sales to significant trade customers; (3) Whirlpool's ability to maintain its reputation and brand image; (4) the ability of Whirlpool to achieve its business objectives and leverage its global operating platform, and accelerate the rate of innovation; (5) Whirlpool s ability to understand consumer preferences and successfully develop new products; (6) Whirlpool's ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights; (7) acquisition, divestiture, and investment-related risks, including risks associated with our past acquisitions; (8) the ability of suppliers of critical parts, components and manufacturing equipment to deliver sufficient quantities to Whirlpool in a timely and cost-effective manner; (9) COVID-19 pandemic, other public health emergency-related business disruptions and economic uncertainty; (10) Whirlpool's ability to navigate risks associated with our presence in emerging markets; (11) risks related to our international operations; (12) Whirlpool's ability to respond to unanticipated social, political and/or economic events; (13) information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; (14) product liability and product recall costs; (15) Whirlpool's ability to attract, develop and retain executives and other qualified employees; (16) the impact of labor relations; (17) fluctuations in the cost of key materials (including steel, resins, base metals) and components and the ability of Whirlpool to offset cost increases; (18) Whirlpool's ability to manage foreign currency fluctuations; (19) impacts from goodwill impairment and related charges; (20) triggering events or circumstances impacting the carrying value of our long-lived assets; (21) inventory and other asset risk; (22) health care cost trends, regulatory changes and variations between results and estimates that could increase future funding obligations for pension and postretirement benefit plans; (23) litigation, tax, and legal compliance risk and costs; (24) the effects and costs of governmental investigations or related actions by third parties; (25) changes in the legal and regulatory environment including environmental, health and safety regulations, data privacy, and taxes and tariffs; (26) Whirlpool's ability to respond to the impact of climate change and climate change regulation; and (27) the uncertain global economy and changes in economic conditions. 
 We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, and investors are advised to review disclosures in our filings with the SEC. It is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. Therefore, investors should not consider the foregoing factors to be an exhaustive statement of all risks, uncertainties, or factors that could potentially cause actual results to differ from forward-looking statements. 
 Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as updated in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
 
 2 

Unless otherwise indicated, the terms "Whirlpool," "the Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Website Disclosure 
 We routinely post important information for investors on our website, whirlpoolcorp.com, in the "Investors" section. We also intend to update the Hot Topics Q A portion of this webpage as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the "Investors" section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our webpage is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this document. 
 
 3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 5 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 
 PAGE NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 1. Basis of Presentation 
 8 
 2. Revenue Recognition 
 11 
 3. Inventories 
 12 
 4. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 12 
 5. Financing Arrangements 
 12 
 6. Commitments and Contingencies 
 15 
 7. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 18 
 8. Hedges and Derivative Financial Instruments 
 19 
 9. Fair Value Measurements 
 22 
 10. Stockholders' Equity 
 23 
 11. Restructuring Charges 
 27 
 12. Income Taxes 
 28 
 13. Segment Information 
 29 
 14. Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 31 

4 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 FOR THE PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30 
 (Millions of dollars, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Expenses Cost of products sold Gross margin Selling, general and administrative Intangible amortization Restructuring costs Loss (gain) on sale and disposal of businesses ) Operating profit Other (income) expense Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) ) Interest expense Earnings (loss) before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Equity method investment income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less: Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool ) Per share of common stock Basic net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool ) Diluted net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool ) Dividends declared Weighted-average shares outstanding (in millions) Basic Diluted Comprehensive income (loss) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Millions of dollars, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Right of use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued advertising and promotions Employee compensation Notes payable Current maturities of long-term debt Other current liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Long-term debt Pension benefits Postretirement benefits Lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Stockholders' equity Common stock, par value, million shares authorized, million and million shares issued, respectively, and million and million shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, million and million shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Whirlpool stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 6 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 FOR THE PERIODS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 Nine Months Ended 2024 2023 Operating activities Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss (gain) on sale and disposal of businesses Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued advertising and promotions ) ) Accrued expenses and current liabilities ) Taxes deferred and payable, net ) Accrued pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Employee compensation Other ) ) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets and businesses Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Cash held by divested businesses ) Other ) Cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt Net repayments of long-term debt ) ) Net proceeds (repayments) from short-term borrowings Dividends paid ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Sale of minority interest in subsidiary Common stock issued Other ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Less: change in cash classified as held for sale Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year (1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 (1) million of cash and cash equivalents and cash of million classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2023. For additional information, see Note 14. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 (1) 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 8 

Other Accounting Matters 
 Synthetic Lease Arrangements 
 million and million, respectively, that could potentially come due in future periods. We do not believe it is probable that any material amounts will be owed under these guarantees. Therefore, no material amounts related to the residual value guarantees are included in the lease payments used to measure the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 Supply Chain Financing Arrangements 
 to days and are based on industry standards and best practices within each of our global regions. Whirlpool has no assets pledged as part of our global programs. 
 
 Invoices confirmed during the period Confirmed invoices paid during the period ) Impact of foreign currency ) Confirmed obligations outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Obligations outstanding and activities during the period related to our European major domestic appliance business have been excluded from the table above. There were obligations outstanding as of September 30, 2024 related to our Europe major domestic appliance business. Obligations outstanding amounted to million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 9 

Equity Method Investments 
 N/A Whirlpool China 
 The fair value of the investment in Beko at the date of deconsolidation was calculated based on a discounted cash flow analysis and multiple market data points (Level 3 input), resulting in a fair value of million. The market value of our investment in Whirlpool China, based on the quoted market price, is million as of September 30, 2024. Management has concluded that there are no indicators of other than temporary impairment related to these investments. 
 Purchases 
 Related Parties 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's majority-owned subsidiary, Whirlpool India, holds a controlling equity ownership in Elica PB India, following an additional acquisition of equity interest during the third quarter. Elica PB India is consolidated in Whirlpool Corporation's financial statements and reported within our MDA Asia reportable segment. million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023, respectively. Other assets or liabilities of Elica PB India are not material to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements of the Company for the periods presented. 
 
 10 

(2) 
 Refrigeration Cooking Dishwashing Total major product category net sales Spare parts and warranties Other Total net sales 
 Other revenue sources include primarily the revenues from the InSinkErator business, subscription arrangements, and licenses. 
 The impact to revenue related to prior period performance obligations is less than 1 of global consolidated revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Allowance for Expected Credit Losses and Bad Debt Expense 
 We estimate our expected credit losses and bad debt expense primarily by using an aging methodology and establish customer-specific reserves for higher risk trade customers. Our expected credit losses and bad debt expense are evaluated and controlled within each geographic region considering the unique credit risk specific to the country, marketplace and economic environment. We take into account past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts in developing the reserve. 
 
 11 

MDA Latin America ) ) MDA Asia SDA Global Consolidated ) ) Financing receivable allowance MDA Latin America ) Consolidated ) ) 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2024, we reorganized our operating segment structure. All prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. For additional information, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 (3) 
 Raw materials and work in process Total Inventories 
 
 (4) 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we disposed of land, buildings, machinery and equipment with a net book value of million, compared to million in the same period of 2023. The net gain on the disposals was t material for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 (5) 
 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2034 (the "Notes"), in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-276169), and a preliminary prospectus supplement and prospectus supplement related to the offering of the Notes, each as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission"). On February 27, 2024, the Company closed its offering of the Notes. The Notes contain covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and 
 
 12 

of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes, together with cash on hand, to repay, at maturity, all million aggregate principal amount of the Company's Notes due March 1, 2024. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, the Company completed its offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2033 (the 2033 Notes ), in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255372). The 2033 Notes were issued under an indenture (the Indenture ), dated March 20, 2000, between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank, National Association and Citibank, N.A.), as trustee. The sale of the 2033 Notes was made pursuant to the terms of an Underwriting Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, with BNP Paribas Securities Corp., ING Financial Markets LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and SG Americas Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters in connection with the offering and sales of the 2033 Notes. The 2033 Notes contain covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions. In addition, if we experience a specific kind of change of control, we are required to make an offer to purchase all of the notes at a purchase price of of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2033 Notes to repay million aggregate principal amount of Notes which were paid on March 1, 2023, and for general corporate purposes. 
 Term Loan Agreement 
 On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Term Loan Agreement by and among the Company, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation SMBC ), as Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent and as lender, and certain other financial institutions as lenders. SMBC, BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., and Societe Generale acted as Joint Lead Arrangers and Syndication Agents; The Bank of Nova Scotia and Bank of China, Chicago Branch acted as Documentation Agents; and SMBC acted as Sole Bookrunner for the Term Loan Agreement. The Term Loan Agreement provides for an aggregate lender commitment of billion. The Company utilized proceeds from the term loan facility on a delayed draw basis to fund a majority of the billion purchase price consideration for the Company s acquisition from Emerson Corporation Emerson of Emerson s InSinkErator business, as set forth in the Asset and Stock Purchase Agreement between Whirlpool and Emerson dated as of August 7, 2022 (the Acquisition Agreement ). 
 The outstanding amount for this term loan at September 30, 2024 is billion, which is classified in noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet. The term loan facility is divided into tranches: a billion tranche with a maturity date of April 30, 2024, of which million was repaid in December 2023 and the remaining million was repaid in April 2024; and a billion tranche with a maturity date of October 31, 2025. 
 The interest and fee rates payable with respect to the term loan facility based on the Company's current debt rating are as follows: (1) the spread over SOFR for the tranche is (with a SOFR spread adjustment); (2) the spread over prime for the tranche is ; and (3) the ticking fee for the tranche is , as of the date hereof. 
 The Term Loan Agreement contains customary covenants and warranties including, among other things, a rolling twelve month interest coverage ratio required to be greater than or equal to for each fiscal quarter. In addition, the covenants limit the Company's ability to (or to permit any subsidiaries to), subject to various exceptions and limitations: (i) merge with other companies; (ii) create liens on its property; and (iii) incur debt at the subsidiary level. We were in compliance with our interest coverage ratio under the term loan agreement as of September 30, 2024. 

13 

billion. The facility has a maturity date of May 3, 2027, unless earlier terminated. 
 
 The interest rate payable with respect to the Amended Long-Term Facility is based on the Company s current debt rating, Term SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) + interest rate margin per annum (with a SOFR spread adjustment) or the Alternate Base Rate + per annum, at the Company s election. 
 
 The Amended Long-Term Facility contains customary covenants and warranties, such as, among other things, a rolling four quarter interest coverage ratio required to be greater than or equal to as of the end of each fiscal quarter. The Amended Long-Term Facility also includes limitations on the Company s ability to (or to permit any subsidiaries to), subject to various exceptions and limitations: (i) merge with other companies; (ii) create liens on its property; and (iii) incur debt at the subsidiary level. We were in compliance with our interest coverage ratio under the Amended Long-Term Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 In addition to the committed billion Amended Long-Term Facility and the committed billion term loan, we have committed credit facilities in Brazil and India. These committed credit facilities provide borrowings up to approximately million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, based on exchange rates then in effect, respectively. These committed credit facilities have maturities that run through 2025. 
 We had billion and billion drawn on the committed credit facilities (representing amounts outstanding on the term loan facility) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Notes Payable 
 Notes payable, which consist of short-term borrowings payable to banks or commercial paper, are generally used to fund working capital requirements. The fair value of our notes payable approximates the carrying amount due to the short maturity of these obligations. 
 Short-term borrowings due to banks Total notes payable 
 Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets 
 In an effort to manage economic and geographic trade customer risk, from time to time, the Company will transfer, primarily without recourse, accounts receivable balances of certain customers to financial institutions resulting in a nominal impact recorded in interest and sundry (income) expense. These transactions are accounted for as sales of the receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. These transfers do not require continuing involvement from the Company. 
 million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. The amount of cash proceeds received under these arrangements was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 14 

(6) 
 billion Brazilian reais (approximately million at September 30, 2024). 
 Relying on existing Brazilian legal precedent, in 2003 and 2004, we recognized tax credits in an aggregate amount of million, adjusted for currency, on the purchase of raw materials used in production ("IPI tax credits"). The Brazilian tax authority subsequently challenged the recording of IPI tax credits. No such credits have been recognized since 2004. In 2009, we entered into a Brazilian government program ("IPI Amnesty") which provided extended payment terms and reduced penalties and interest to encourage taxpayers to resolve this and certain other disputed tax credit amounts. As permitted by the program, we elected to settle certain debts through the use of other existing tax credits and recorded charges of approximately million in 2009 associated with these matters. In July 2012, the Brazilian revenue authority notified us that a portion of our proposed settlement was rejected and we received tax assessments of million Brazilian reais (approximately million at September 30, 2024), reflecting interest and penalties to date. The government's assessment in this case relies heavily on its arguments regarding taxability of BEFIEX credits for certain years, which we are disputing in one of the BEFIEX government assessment cases cited in the prior paragraph. Because the IPI Amnesty case (which has concluded at all judicial levels except the Brazil Supreme Court) is moving faster than the BEFIEX taxability case, we could be required to pay the IPI Amnesty assessment before obtaining a final decision in the BEFIEX taxability case. 
 We have received tax assessments from the Brazilian federal tax authorities relating to amounts allegedly due regarding insurance taxes (PIS/COFINS) for tax credits recognized since 2007. These credits were recognized for inputs to certain manufacturing and other business processes. These assessments are being challenged at the administrative and judicial levels in Brazil. The total amount of outstanding tax assessments received for credits recognized for PIS/COFINS inputs is approximately million Brazilian reais (approximately million at September 30, 2024). Based on the opinion of our tax and legal advisors, we have t accrued any amount related to these assessments. 
 In addition to the BEFIEX, IPI tax credit and PIS/COFINS inputs matters noted above, other assessments issued by the Brazilian tax authorities related to indirect and income tax matters, and other matters, are at various stages of review in numerous administrative and judicial proceedings. We are vigorously defending our positions related to BEFIEX credits and other Brazil Tax Matters. The amounts related to these assessments will continue to be increased by monetary adjustments at the Selic rate, which is the benchmark rate set by the Brazilian Central Bank. In accordance with our accounting policies, we routinely assess these matters and, when necessary, record our best estimate of a loss. 
 Litigation is inherently unpredictable and the conclusion of these matters may take many years to ultimately resolve. Amounts at issue in potential future litigation could increase as a result of interest and penalties in future periods. Accordingly, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 

15 

million in the first half of 2023. The Company expects the settlement amount to be finalized in the second half of 2024. The Company provided Beko Europe B.V. (Beko) approximately million in connection with transaction closing in the second quarter of 2024, to be used for payment of final settlement amounts. 
 On June 23, 2017, London's Metropolitan Police Service released a statement that it had identified a Hotpoint branded refrigerator as the initial source of the Grenfell Tower fire in West London. U.K. authorities are conducting investigations, including regarding the cause and spread of the fire. The model in question was manufactured by Indesit Company between 2006 and 2009, prior to Whirlpool's acquisition of Indesit in 2014. We are fully cooperating with the investigating authorities. Whirlpool was named as a defendant in a product liability suit in Pennsylvania federal court related to this matter. The federal court dismissed the case with prejudice in September 2020 and the dismissal was affirmed on appeal in July 2022. Plaintiffs filed a petition with the U.S. Supreme Court in January 2023 which was subsequently denied. In December 2020, lawsuits related to Grenfell Tower were filed in the U.K. against approximately defendants, including Whirlpool Corporation and certain Whirlpool subsidiaries. In 2022, we accrued an immaterial amount related to these claims in our financial statements. Additional claims may be filed related to this incident. 

16 

Issuances/accruals during the period Settlements made during the period/other ) ) Balance at September 30 
 Current portion Non-current portion Total 
 In the normal course of business, we engage in investigations of potential quality and safety issues. As part of our ongoing effort to deliver quality products to consumers, we are currently investigating certain potential quality and safety issues globally. As necessary, we undertake to effect repair or replacement of appliances in the event that an investigation leads to the conclusion that such action is warranted. 
 Guarantees 
 We have guarantee arrangements in a Brazilian subsidiary. For certain creditworthy customers, the subsidiary guarantees customer lines of credit at commercial banks to support purchases following its normal credit policies. If a customer were to default on its line of credit with the bank, our subsidiary would be required to assume the line of credit and satisfy the obligation with the bank. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the guaranteed amounts totaled million Brazilian reais (approximately million at September 30, 2024) and billion Brazilian reais (approximately million at December 31, 2023), respectively. The fair value of these guarantees were nominal at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Our subsidiary insures against a significant portion of this credit risk for these guarantees, under normal operating conditions, through policies purchased from high-quality underwriters. 
 We provide guarantees of indebtedness and lines of credit for various consolidated subsidiaries. The maximum contractual amount of indebtedness and lines of credit available under these lines for consolidated subsidiaries totaled approximately billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023, respectively. Our total short-term outstanding bank indebtedness under guarantees (excluding those related to the European major domestic appliance business) was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

17 

(7) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization: Actuarial loss Prior service credit ) ) Settlement and curtailment (gain) loss Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, United States Pension Benefits Foreign Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Millions of dollars 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization: Actuarial loss Prior service credit ) ) Settlement and curtailment (gain) loss Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) 
 Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, United States Pension Benefits Foreign Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Millions of dollars 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating profit (loss) Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 401(k) Defined Contribution Plan 
 Beginning in March 2024, the Company matching contributions for our 401(k) defined contribution plan, equal to up to of participants' eligible compensation, covering substantially all U.S. employees, are contributed in company stock. 
 
 18 

(8) 
 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 19 

outstanding notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 We may enter into instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge to manage our exposure related to foreign currency denominated investments. The effective portion of the instruments' gain or loss is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the underlying net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. The remaining change in fair value of the hedge instruments represents the ineffective portion, which is immediately recognized in interest and sundry (income) expense on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). There were outstanding notional amounts of net investment hedges as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (CF) Foreign exchange forwards/options (CF/NI) Cross-currency swaps (CF) Total derivatives accounted for as hedges Derivatives not accounted for as hedges Foreign exchange forwards/options (2) 
 N/A Total derivatives not accounted for as hedges Total derivatives Current Noncurrent Total derivatives 
 (1) Derivatives accounted for as hedges are considered cash flow (CF) hedges. 
 (2) Foreign exchange forwards/options have decreased due to intercompany loan movements related to the contribution of our European major domestic appliance business. 

20 

Foreign exchange forwards/options ) Cross-currency swaps ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI into Earnings (Effective Portion) Gain (Loss) Reclassified from 
 OCI into Earnings 
 (Effective Portion) (4) 
 Cash Flow Hedges - Millions of dollars 2024 2023 Commodity swaps/options Cost of products sold ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Net sales ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Cost of products sold ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Interest and sundry (income) expense Cross-currency swaps Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges - Millions of dollars 2024 2023 Foreign exchange forwards/options Interest and sundry (income) expense ) 
 (3) Change in gain (loss) recognized in OCI (effective portion) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily driven by fluctuations in currency and commodity prices and interest rates compared to prior year. The tax impact of the cash flow hedges was million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Change in gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into earnings (effective portion) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by fluctuations in currency and commodity prices and interest rates compared to prior year. 
 
 21 

) Foreign exchange forwards/options ) Cross-currency swaps ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI into Earnings (Effective Portion) Gain (Loss) Reclassified from 
 OCI into Earnings 
 (Effective Portion) (6) 
 Cash Flow Hedges - Millions of dollars 2024 2023 Commodity swaps/options Cost of products sold ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Net sales ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Cost of products sold ) ) Foreign exchange forwards/options Interest and sundry (income) expense Cross-currency swaps Interest and sundry (income) expense ) Interest rate derivatives Interest expense ) Nine Months Ended September 30, Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges Gain (Loss) Recognized on Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges - Millions of dollars 2024 2023 Foreign exchange forwards/options Interest and sundry (income) expense 
 (5) Change in gain (loss) recognized in OCI (effective portion) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily driven by fluctuations in currency and commodity prices and interest rates compared to prior year. The tax impact of the cash flow hedges was ) million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (6) Change in gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into earnings (effective portion) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by fluctuations in currency and commodity prices and interest rates compared to prior year. 
 
 For cash flow hedges, the amount of ineffectiveness recognized in interest and sundry (income) expense was nominal for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. There were no hedges designated as fair value for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The net amount of unrealized gain or loss on derivative instruments included in accumulated OCI related to contracts maturing and expected to be realized during the next twelve months is a loss of million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 (9) 

22 

Net derivative contracts ) ) ) ) 
 
 The non-recurring fair values represent only those assets whose carrying values were adjusted to fair value during the reporting period. 
 European Major Domestic Appliance Business 
 On January 16, 2023, the Company entered into a contribution agreement with Ar elik A. Arcelik ). Under the terms of the agreement, Whirlpool agreed to contribute its European major domestic appliance business, and Arcelik agreed to contribute its European major domestic appliance, consumer electronics, air conditioning, and small domestic appliance businesses into the newly formed entity of which Whirlpool owns and Arcelik . 
 On December 20, 2022, the Company's board authorized the transaction with Arcelik and the European major domestic appliance business was classified as held for sale during the fourth quarter of 2022. The disposal group was measured at fair value less cost to sell. We used a discounted cash flow analysis and multiple market data points in our analysis to determine fair value (Level 3 input) of the interest retained, resulting in an estimated fair value of million. The discounted cash flow analysis utilized a discount rate of at December 31, 2022. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the fair value of the disposal group was updated based on working capital adjustments, cash flow assumptions, and changes in discount rates. This updated assessment resulted in an estimated fair value of million as of March 31, 2024, which consists of million related to fair value of retained interest in Beko Europe B.V. ("Beko") and million of proceeds from the sale of our Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") business. 
 Subsequent to closing of the transaction, the Company holds an equity interest of in Beko. The fair value of the investment in Beko at the date of deconsolidation was calculated based on a discounted cash flow analysis and multiple market data points (Level 3 input), resulting in a fair value of million. The discounted cash flow analysis utilized a discount rate of . 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a loss of million and loss of million, respectively, to the loss on sale and disposal of businesses. The transaction closed on April 1, 2024 and no material fair value adjustments were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024 related to the contribution of our European major domestic appliance business. The loss of million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects reassessment of the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group, provisions for tax related indemnities and transaction costs. 
 For additional information see Note 14 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Other Fair Value Measurements 
 The fair value of long-term debt (including current maturities) was billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements (Level 2 input). 

23 

(10) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Stock issued (repurchased) ) ) Sale of minority interest in subsidiary 
 Dividends declared ) ) Balances, March 31, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) Stock issued (repurchased) Dividends declared ) ) Divestitures (1) 
 Balances, June 30, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive income ) Stock issued (repurchased) Purchase of interest in subsidiary 
 ) ) ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) Other comprehensive loss of million related to currency translation and million related to pension has been deconsolidated from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as part of deconsolidation of European major appliance business as of April 1, 2024. These amounts have been included in the loss on disposal as disclosed in FN 14. 

24 

) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Stock issued (repurchased) Dividends declared ) ) Balances, March 31, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Stock issued (repurchased) Dividends declared ) ) Balances, June 30, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income Net earnings Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Stock issued (repurchased) Dividends declared ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits plans ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) available to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool ) ) ) 
 
 25 

) Cash flow hedges ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits plans ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) available to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool ) ) ) 
 Reclassifications Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Interest and sundry (income) expense Total 
 
 26 

) Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted-average shares Effect of dilutive securities - share-based compensation Denominator for diluted earnings per share - adjusted weighted-average shares Anti-dilutive stock options/awards excluded from earnings per share 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On April 19, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to billion, which has no expiration date. On February 14, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an additional billion in share repurchases under the Company's ongoing share repurchase program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares under the share repurchase program at an aggregate price of approximately million. At September 30, 2024, there were approximately billion in remaining funds authorized under this program. 

(11) 
 million, of which we incurred million in employee termination costs and million other associated costs within the first quarter. All of these costs will result in cash settlements primarily in 2024. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company evaluated additional restructuring actions as part of the Company's organizational simplification efforts. Total costs for these actions were million, of which million was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. These costs were primarily for employee termination costs. 
 ) ) Other exit costs ) Total ) ) 

27 

MDA Latin America MDA Asia SDA Global Corporate/Other Total 
 
 (12) 
 million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to income tax expense of million and million for the same periods of 2023. The decrease in tax expense is primarily due to an overall lower level of earnings and tax benefits related to the completion of legal entity restructuring projects in connection with the disposal of our European major appliance business, partially offset by associated valuation allowances. 
 Income tax expense (benefit) computed at United States statutory tax rate State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) ) ) ) Valuation allowances Audit and Settlements U.S. foreign income items, net of credits ) ) ) Sale of minority shares and capital gains Legal Entity restructuring tax impact ) ) Non deductible impairments Non deductible fines and penalties Other ) Income tax expense (benefit) computed at effective worldwide tax rates ) 
 At the end of each interim period, we estimate the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year and the impact of discrete items, if any, and adjust the quarterly rate as necessary. 

28 

(13) 
 
 2023 Intersegment sales 2024 ) 2023 ) Depreciation and amortization 2024 2023 EBIT 2024 ) 2023 ) Total assets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 Capital expenditures 2024 2023 

29 

2023 Intersegment sales 2024 ) 2023 ) Depreciation and amortization 2024 2023 EBIT 2024 ) ) 2023 ) Total assets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Capital expenditures 2024 2023 
 (1) MDA Europe consisted of our European major domestic appliance business which was contributed to Beko Europe as of April 1, 2024. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for additional information on the transaction. 
 The following table summarizes the reconciling items in the Other/Eliminations column for total EBIT for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Items not allocated to segments: Restructuring charges ) ) ) ) Legacy MDA Europe legal matters ) (Loss) gain on sale and disposal of businesses ) ) ) Corporate expenses and other ) ) ) ) Total other/eliminations ) ) ) ) 

30 

Interest and sundry (income) expense ) ) ) Equity method investment income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Total EBIT Interest expense Income tax expense ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less: Net earnings available to noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool ) 
 
 (14) 
 production sites. 
 On June 22, 2023, Whirlpool entered into a share purchase agreement with Arcelik for the sale of our MENA business. The sale was previously agreed upon in principle and announced on January 17, 2023, as part of the outcome of Whirlpool s strategic review of the EMEA business. The financial impact of the MENA transaction has been included in the loss on sale and disposal of businesses related to the European major domestic appliance business transaction as discussed further below. 
 The disposal group met the criteria for held for sale accounting during the fourth quarter of 2022. The operations of the European disposal group did not meet the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. 
 On April 1, 2024, the parties closed the aforementioned contribution transaction and MENA sale. Upon closing in the second quarter of 2024, the transaction resulted in the deconsolidation of the European major appliances and MENA businesses. Whirlpool owns approximately and Arcelik owns approximately of the European appliance company ("Beko"). In connection with the transactions, we recorded a loss on disposal of billion in the fourth quarter of 2022. The loss includes a write-down of the net assets of billion of the disposal group to a fair value of million and also includes million of cumulative currency translation adjustments, million of other comprehensive loss on pension and million of other transaction related costs. goodwill is included in the disposal group. 
 We recorded an adjustment of million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in a total loss of billion for the transaction. These adjustments are recorded in the loss on sale and disposal of businesses and reflect ongoing reassessment of the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group, transaction costs and provision for tax related indemnities recorded at closing of the transaction. 
 Both Whirlpool and Arcelik retain an option for Arcelik to purchase the remaining equity interest in Beko for fair value, which could be material to the financial statements of the Company, depending on the performance of the business. 
 
 31 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Right of use assets Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent assets Total noncurrent assets Total assets Carrying amounts of major classes of liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued advertising and promotions Employee compensation Notes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Pension benefits Lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Total net assets of the disposal group classified as held for sale 
 Assets held for sale Fair value of consideration 
 Liabilities held for sale Cumulative currency translation adjustment and Other comprehensive income on pension 

32 

Earnings (loss) before income taxes exclude intercompany other income and expense, which is eliminated at the Total Whirlpool level. 
 Whirlpool India share sale 
 On November 30, 2023, the Company announced its intention to enter into one or more transactions to sell up to of the outstanding shares of its publicly listed Whirlpool of India Limited subsidiary Whirlpool India in 2024, and to retain a majority interest following completion of the sale. 
 On February 20, 2024, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Whirlpool Mauritius Limited Seller ), executed the sale of million equity shares of Whirlpool India via an on-market trade. The sale, which was accounted for as an equity transaction, reduced Seller s ownership in Whirlpool India from to , and generated proceeds of million on settlement. 
 Latin America sale of Brastemp water filtration subscription business 
 On January 16, 2024, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with a third-party buyer to sell the Company's Brastemp-branded water filtration subscription business in the Latin America region and the transaction closed on July 1, 2024. The Company received proceeds of approximately million Brazilian reais (approximately million at the date of transaction) and recorded a gain of approximately million during the third quarter of 2024. The disposal group met the criteria of held for sale at December 31, 2023. The carrying amounts of the disposal group's assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are immaterial. The disposal group's earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool before income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, are also immaterial. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and generally discusses the results of operations for the current three and nine months ended periods compared to the same prior-year periods. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in connection with, the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Certain references to particular information in the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements are made to assist readers. 
 ABOUT WHIRLPOOL 
 Whirlpool Corporation ("Whirlpool") is a leading kitchen and laundry appliance company, in constant pursuit of improving life at home and inspiring generations with our brands. The company is driving meaningful innovation to meet the evolving needs of consumers through its iconic brand portfolio, including Whirlpool , KitchenAid , JennAir , Maytag , Amana, Brastemp, Consul , and InSinkErato r. In 2023, the Company reported approximately 19 billion in annual sales, 59,000 employees, and 55 manufacturing and technology research centers. Beginning January 1, 2024, we are conducting our business through five operating segments, which consist of Major Domestic Appliances ("MDA") North America; MDA Europe (deconsolidated as of April 1, 2024), MDA Latin America; MDA Asia; and Small Domestic Appliances ("SDA") Global. 
 
 33 

OVERVIEW 
 Whirlpool delivered third-quarter GAAP net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool of 109 million (net earnings margin of 2.7 ), or 2.00 per share, compared to GAAP net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool of 83 million (net earnings margin of 1.7 ), or 1.53 per share in the same prior-year period. Whirlpool delivered cash provided by (used in) operating activities of (271) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to (322) million in the same prior year period and free cash flow (non-GAAP) of (586) million, compared to free cash flow of (660) million in the same prior year period. 
 Whirlpool delivered third-quarter ongoing (non-GAAP) earnings per share of 3.43 and ongoing EBIT margin of 5.8 , compared to 5.45 and 6.5 in the same prior-year period. 
 On a GAAP basis, net earnings margins were impacted by the gain on sale and disposal of businesses (see Note 14 for further information) and restructuring expenses related to organizational simplification. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were also impacted by lower income tax expense, primarily due to an overall lower level of earnings and tax benefits related to the completion of legal entity restructuring projects in connection with the disposal of our European major appliance business, partially offset by associated valuation allowances . On a GAAP and ongoing basis, quarterly results were also impacted by negative price/mix and foreign currency. 
 Our global organizational simplification and MDA North America promotional program price increase actions continue to deliver shareholder value as we navigate through a challenging macro environment in North America. This is demonstrated by the continued sequential margin expansion in the third-quarter. We remain confident in delivering 300- 400 million of cost take out and continued sequential margin progression through 2024. 
 For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis. 

34 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table summarizes the consolidated results of operations for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Consolidated - Millions of dollars, except per share data 2024 2023 Better/(Worse) 2024 2023 Better/(Worse) Net sales 3,993 4,926 (18.9) 12,471 14,367 (13.2) Gross margin 643 799 (19.5) 1,910 2,378 (19.7) Selling, general and administrative 395 473 16.5 1,266 1,436 11.8 Restructuring costs 8 5 (60.0) 81 14 (478.6) Loss (gain) on sale and disposal of businesses (32) 46 nm 260 286 (9.1) Interest and sundry (income) expense (6) (10) 40.0 (27) 77 nm Interest expense 92 95 3.2 275 259 (6.2) Income tax expense (benefit) 45 86 47.7 (85) 268 nm Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool 109 83 31.3 69 (10) nm Diluted net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool per share (2) 
 2.00 1.53 30.7 1.26 (0.18) nm 
 (1) Not meaningful ("nm") 
 (2) As a result of the GAAP earnings loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 the impact of antidilutive shares was excluded from the loss per share calculation on a GAAP basis. 
 Consolidated net sales decreased 18.9 and 13.2 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by divestiture of our European major domestic appliances business. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, ne t sales decreased 17.4 and 12.7 fo r the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 The consolidated gross margin percentage for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased to 16.1 and 15.3 compared to 16.2 and 16.6 in the same prior-year periods. The decrease was primarily driven by volume and unfavorable product price/mix, partially offset by cost productivity. 
 Beginning January 1, 2024, we are conducting our business through five operating segments, which consist of MDA North America; MDA Europe (deconsolidated as of April 1, 2024); MDA Latin America; MDA Asia; and SDA Global. The chief operating decision maker evaluates performance based on each segment's earnings (loss) before interest and taxes (EBIT), which we define as operating profit less interest and sundry (income) expense and excluding restructuring costs, asset impairment charges and certain other items that management believes are not indicative of the region's ongoing performance, if any. For additional information, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 The following is a discussion of results for each of our operating segments. Each of our operating segments have been impacted by some disruptions in supply chains and distribution channels, among other macroeconomic impacts. 

35 

MDA NORTH AMERICA 
 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales decreased 4.3 and 6.0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by unfavorable impacts of product price/mix. Excluding the impact from foreign currency, net sales decreased 4.2 and 5.9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 
 EBIT 
 EBIT decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the three and nine months ended was primarily due to unfavorable product price/mix. EBIT margin was 7.3 and 6.4 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.2 and 9.8 for the same periods in 2023. 
 
 MDA LATIN AMERICA 
 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales increased 0.4 and 7.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of foreign currency and product price/mix. Excluding the impact from foreign currency, net sales increased 8.8 and 10.7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 
 EBIT 
 EBIT increased for the three and nine months ended months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase for the three and nine months ended was primarily driven by increased volume, partially offset by unfavorable product price/mix. EBIT margin was 6.9 and 6.8 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.2 and 5.7 for the same periods in 2023. 
 
 36 

MDA ASIA 

Net Sales 
 Net sales increased 9.1 and 9.4 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by increased volume and favorable product price/mix. Excluding the impact from foreign currency, net sales increased 10.3 and 10.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 EBIT 
 EBIT increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by increased volume and favorable product price/mix. EBIT margin was 2.9 and 4.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.3 and 3.1 for the same periods in 2023. 
 SDA GLOBAL 
 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales decreased 3.0 and increased 3.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the three months ended was primarily driven by unfavorable impacts of product price/mix, partially offset by increased volumes. The increase for the nine months ended was primary driven by increased volumes, partially offset by unfavorable impacts of product price/mix. Excluding the impact from foreign currency, net sales decreased 3.3 and increased 3.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 EBIT 
 EBIT decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the three months ended was primarily driven by unfavorable product price/mix and increased marketing investments. The increase for the nine months ended was primarily driven by increased volumes , partially offset by unfavorable impacts of product price/mix . EBIT margin was 14.2 and 15.4 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 18.2 and 14.7 for the same periods in 2023. 
 
 37 

MDA EUROPE 
 
 Net Sales and EBIT 
 MDA Europe consisted of our European major domestic appliance business which was contributed to Beko Europe as of April 1, 2024. Therefore, the Company had no net sales or EBIT for MDA Europe during the second or third quarter of 2024. For additional information on the financial performance of MDA Europe for the three months ended March 31, 2024, see our Form 10-Q for the quarter then ended. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 The following table summarizes selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales by region for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions of dollars 2024 As a of Net Sales 2023 (1) 
 As a of Net Sales 2024 As a of Net Sales 2023 (1) 
 As a of Net Sales MDA North America 191 7.2 187 6.8 573 7.5 597 7.3 MDA Latin America 76 8.9 76 9.0 229 8.9 227 9.5 MDA Asia 29 12.0 23 10.5 84 10.2 75 10.0 MDA Europe nm 88 10.6 90 11.1 248 10.0 SDA Global 47 17.7 44 16.3 136 21.6 131 21.6 Corporate/other 52 55 154 158 Consolidated 395 9.9 473 9.6 1,266 10.2 1,436 10.0 
 (1) Effective January 1st, 2024, we reorganized our operating segment structure. All prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. For additional information, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 (2) Not meaningful ("nm") 
 Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to the disposal of our European major domestic appliance business on April 1, 2024. 
 For additional information, see Notes 1 and 14 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 Restructuring 
 We incurred restructuring charges of 8 million and 81 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5 million and 14 million for the same periods in 2023. For additional information, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 For the full year 2024, we expect to incur approximately 85 million of restructuring charges, inclusive of the restructuring charges recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Substantially all will result in cash settlement. 

38 

(Gain) Loss on Sale and Disposal of Businesses 
 (Gain) loss on sale and disposal of businesses was (32) million and 260 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 46 million and 286 million for the same periods of 2023. 
 The European disposal group was deconsolidated as of April 1, 2024. We recorded an adjustment of 2 million and 294 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in a total loss of 1.9 billion for the transaction. These adjustments reflect the reassessment of the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group, transaction costs and provision for tax related indemnities. We recorded an adjustment of 46 million and 286 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 which reflected the reassessment of the fair value less costs to sell, primarily driven by fluctuations of net working capital, of the disposal group and transaction costs. 
 We also recorded a gain of approximately 34 million during the third quarter of 2024 related to the sale of the Company's Brastemp-branded water filtration subscription business in the Latin America region. 
 For additional information, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Interest and Sundry (Income) Expense 
 Net interest and sundry expense decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same prior year periods in 2023. The decrease for the nine months ended is primarily due to reserves for legacy EMEA legal matters recorded in the prior year. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 92 million and 275 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 95 million and 259 million in the same prior year periods of 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense (benefit) was 45 million and (85) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to income tax expense of 86 million and 268 million in the same prior year periods of 2023. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to an overall lower level of earnings and tax benefits related to the completion of legal entity restructuring projects in connection with the disposal of our European major appliance business, partially offset by associated valuation allowances. For more information, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Other Information 
 Our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles are disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and in Management's Discussion and Analysis of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We continue to monitor the significant global economic uncertainty to assess the outlook for demand for our products and the impact on our business and our overall financial performance. Our Maytag and InSinkErator trademarks continue to be at risk at September 30, 2024. None of our reporting units or other indefinite-lived intangible assets are presently at risk for future impairment. 
 For additional information, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 Background 
 Our objective is to finance our business through operating cash flow and the appropriate mix of long-term and short-term debt. By diversifying the maturity structure, we avoid concentrations of debt, reducing liquidity risk. We have varying needs for short-term working capital financing as a result of the nature of our business. We regularly review our capital structure and liquidity priorities, which include funding innovation and growth through capital expenditures and research and development expenditures as well as opportunistic mergers 
 
 39 

and acquisitions; and providing returns to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and maintaining our strong investment grade rating. 
 The Company believes that free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. Whirlpool has historically been able to leverage its strong free cash flow generation to fund our operations, pay for any debt servicing costs and allocate capital for reinvestment in our business, funding share repurchases and dividend payments. 
 On February 20, 2024, Whirlpool s wholly-owned subsidiary, Whirlpool Mauritius Limited, executed the sale of 30.4 million equity shares of Whirlpool India via an on-market trade. The transaction reduced Whirlpool s ownership in Whirlpool India from 75 to 51 , and generated sales proceeds of approximately 462 million on settlement. The Company used transaction proceeds to reduce debt. 
 Our short-term potential uses of liquidity include funding our business operations, ongoing capital spending, debt repayment, and returns to shareholders. As of September 30, 2024, we had 350 million of debt maturing within the next twelve months, which we expect to pay through refinancing, free cash flow generation, cash on hand, or a combination thereof. 
 We monitor the credit ratings and market indicators of credit risk of our lending, depository, derivative counterparty banks, and customers regularly, and take certain actions to manage credit risk. We diversify our deposits and investments in short-term cash equivalents to limit the concentration of exposure by counterparty. 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 The Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024. For cash in each of its foreign subsidiaries, the Company makes an assertion regarding the amount of earnings intended for permanent reinvestment, with the balance available to be repatriated to the United States. The cash held by foreign subsidiaries for permanent reinvestment is generally used to finance the subsidiaries' operational activities and expected future foreign investments. Our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the United States and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate the cash to fund our U.S. operations. However, if these funds were repatriated, we would be required to accrue and pay applicable United States taxes (if any) and withholding taxes payable to various countries. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of the deferred tax liability associated with the repatriation of cash due to the complexity of its hypothetical calculation. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had cash or cash equivalents greater than 1 of our consolidated assets in Brazil (2.8 and India (1.7 ). In addition, we had third-party accounts receivable outside of the United States greater than 1 of our consolidated assets in Brazil, which represented 1.1 . We continue to monitor general financial instability and uncertainty globally. 
 Revolving credit facility and other committed credit facilities 
 The Company maintains a 3.5 billion revolving credit facility and a committed 1.5 billion term loan as of September 30, 2024. In addition to these facilities, we have committed credit facilities in Brazil and India that provide borrowings up to approximately 195 million at September 30, 2024. 
 We were in compliance with our interest coverage ratio under the revolving credit facility and term loan as of September 30, 2024. For additional information, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Notes payable 
 Notes payable consists of short-term borrowings payable to banks and commercial paper, which are generally used to fund working capital requirements. At September 30, 2024, we have 609 million of notes payable outstanding primarily under the commercial paper programs. For additional information, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

40 

Trade customers 
 We continue to review customer conditions globally. We had no material impacts from customer insolvencies during the three months ended September 30, 2024, nor do we have immediate visibility into material customer insolvency situations occurring in the future. We continue to monitor these situations, considering each geographic region, the unique credit risk specific to the country, marketplace and economic environment, and take appropriate risk mitigation steps. 
 For additional information on guarantees, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 For additional information about our share repurchase program, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table summarizes the net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions of dollars 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (271) (322) Investing activities (466) (343) Financing activities 222 (203) Effect of exchange rate changes (68) 28 Less: (decrease) increase in cash classified as held for sale 5 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (583) (835) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to t he same prior year period in 2023. The decrease in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by fluctuations in working capital due to lower inventory from reduced sales volumes. 
 The timing of cash flows from operations varies significantly throughout the year primarily due to changes in production levels, sales patterns, promotional programs, funding requirements, credit management, as well as receivable and payment terms. Depending on the timing of cash flows, the location of cash balances, as well as the liquidity requirements of each country, external sources of funding are used to support working capital requirements. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the same period in 2023, primarily driven by the contribution of 245 million of cash and cash equivalents held in MDA Europe. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increased short-term borrowings and the sale of minority interest shares in Whirlpool India, partially offset by purchase of additional interest in Elica PB India. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 The Company had total committed credit facilities of approximately 5.2 billion at September 30, 2024. These facilities are geographically reflective of the Company's global operations. The Company is confident that the committed credit facilities are sufficient to support its global operations. We had 1.5 billion and 2.0 billion 
 
 41 

drawn on the committed credit facilities (representing amounts drawn on the term loan) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were used to fund the InSinkErator acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Dividends 
 On both August 19, 2024 and October 15, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend on our common stock of 1.75 per share. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with financial institutions to issue bank guarantees, letters of credit, and surety bonds. These agreements are primarily associated with unresolved tax matters in Brazil, as is customary under local regulations, and other governmental obligations and debt agreements. At September 30, 2024, we had approximately 363 million outstanding under these agreements. 
 For additional information about our off-balance sheet arrangements, see Notes 5 and 6 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial measures, some of which we refer to as "ongoing" measures, including: 
 Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 
 EBIT margin 
 Ongoing EBIT 
 Ongoing earnings per diluted share 
 Ongoing EBIT margin 
 Sales excluding foreign currency 
 Free cash flow 
 Adjusted effective tax rate 
 Ongoing measures, including ongoing earnings per diluted share and ongoing EBIT, exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing operations and provide a better baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. EBIT margin is calculated by dividing EBIT by net sales. Ongoing EBIT margin is calculated by dividing ongoing EBIT by net sales. Sales excluding foreign currency is calculated by translating the current period net sales, in functional currency, to U.S. dollars using the prior-year period's exchange rate compared to the prior-year period net sales. Management believes that sales excluding foreign currency provides stockholders with a clearer basis to assess our results over time, excluding the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. We also disclose segment EBIT, which we define as operating profit less interest and sundry (income) expense and excluding restructuring costs, asset impairment charges and certain other items, if any, that management believes are not indicative of the region's ongoing performance, as the financial metric used by the Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate performance and allocate resources in accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting. Management believes that the adjusted tax rate provides stockholders with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the Company's effective tax rate, excluding the pre-tax income and tax effect of certain unique items. 
 Management believes that free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. The Company provides free 
 
 42 

cash flow related metrics, such as free cash flow as a percentage of net sales, as long-term management goals, not an element of its annual financial guidance, and as such does not provide a reconciliation of free cash flow to cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for these long-term goal metrics. Any such reconciliation would rely on market factors and certain other conditions and assumptions that are outside of the Company's control. Whirlpool does not provide a non-GAAP reconciliation for its other forward-looking long-term value creation and other goals, such as organic net sales, EBIT, and Net debt/Ongoing EBITDA, as such reconciliation would rely on market factors and certain other conditions and assumptions that are outside of the company s control. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and stockholders in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance, and reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP financial measures, provide a more complete understanding of our business. Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare these financial measures with other companies' non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar names. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for reported net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool, net sales, net earnings (loss) as a percentage of net sales (net earnings margin), net earnings (loss) per diluted share and cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. We strongly encourage investors and stockholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
 Please refer to a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures below. 
 Ongoing Earnings Before Interest Taxes (EBIT) Reconciliation: 
 in millions 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool (1) 
 109 83 Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests 5 2 Income tax expense (benefit) 45 86 Interest expense 92 95 Earnings (loss) before interest taxes 251 266 Restructuring expense (a) 
 8 Impact of M A transactions (b) 
 (26) 56 Ongoing EBIT (2) 
 233 322 
 (1) Net earnings (loss) margin is approxim ately 2.7 f or the three months September 30, 2024 compared to 1.7 in the same prior year period. Net earnings margin is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) available to Whirlpool by consolidated net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Ongoing EBIT margin is approximately 5.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.5 in the same prior year period. Ongoing EBIT margin is calculated by dividing Ongoing EBIT by consolidated net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Ongoing Earnings Per Diluted Share Reconciliation Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Earnings (loss) per diluted share 2.00 1.53 Impact of M A transactions (b) 
 (0.47) 1.02 Restructuring expense (a) 
 0.14 Income tax impact (0.10) 0.34 Normalized tax rate adjustment (c) 
 1.86 2.56 Ongoing earnings per diluted share 3.43 5.45 
 
 43 

Free Cash Flow (FCF) Reconciliation: 
 in millions 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities (271) (322) Capital expenditures (315) (338) Free cash flow (586) (660) Cash provided by (used in) investing activities (466) (343) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 222 (203) 
 
 44 

Footnotes 
 (a) RESTRUCTURING EXPENSE - In March 2024, the Company committed to workforce reduction plans. 23 million was recorded during the first quarter, of which 14 million was employee termination costs and 9 million was other associated exit costs. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company evaluated additional restructuring actions as part of the Company's organizational simplification efforts. Total costs for these actions were 58 million, of which 8 million was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. These costs were primarily for employee termination costs. 
 (b) IMPACT OF M A TRANSACTIONS - On January 16, 2023, the Company signed a contribution agreement to contribute our European major domestic appliance business into a newly formed entity with Arcelik. In connection with the transaction, the Company recorded a loss on disposal of 294 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which 2 million was incurred in the third quarter of 2024. 
 The Company also recorded a gain of approximately 34 million during the third quarter of 2024 related to the sale of the Company's Brastemp-branded water filtration subscription business related to our portfolio transformation. 
 Additionally, the Company incurred other unique transaction related costs related to portfolio transformation for a total of 23 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which 6 million was incurred in the third quarter of 2024. These transaction costs are recorded in Selling, General and Administrative expenses on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a loss on disposal of 286 million was recorded, of which 46 million was recorded during the third quarter. Additionally, the Company incurred other unique transaction related costs related to portfolio transformation for a total of 10 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These transaction costs are recorded in Selling, General and Administrative expenses on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 (c) NORMALIZED TAX RATE ADJUSTMENT - During the third quarter of 2024, the Company calculated a GAAP tax rate of 25 . Ongoing earnings per share was calculated using an adjusted tax rate of (32) , which excludes the non-taxable impact of M A transactions of approximately (26) million recorded in the third quarter of 2024 and certain other tax impacts related to Europe transaction. The Company expects a full-year GAAP tax rate of approximately 65 and adjusted effective tax rate of (18) - (22) , revised from the prior quarter estimate of 25 and (8) , respectively, primarily due to updated legal entity restructuring impacts as we have further refined the estimated benefits of our tax planning strategies since closing the Europe transaction. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, the Company calculated ongoing earnings per share using an adjusted effective tax rate of (33) , to reconcile to our full-year ongoing 2023 adjusted effective tax rate between (5.0) to 0 , which excludes the non-tax deductible impact of M A transactions and reflects certain expected tax benefits related to legal entity restructuring transactions. 

45 

FORWARD-LOOKING PERSPECTIVE 
 Earnings per diluted share presented below are net of tax. We currently estimate our anticipated 2024 full-year GAAP tax rate of approximately 65 and adjusted tax rate of (18) - (22) . We currently estimate earnings per diluted share for 2024 as follows: 
 2024 Current Outlook Estimated GAAP earnings per diluted share, for the year ending December 31, 2024 ~ 0.50 Including: Impact of M A transactions 5.25 Restructuring expense 1.50 Income tax impact 1.25 Normalized tax rate adjustment 3.25 Industry Demand MDA North America Flat MDA Latin America 5-7 MDA Asia 4-6 SDA Global Flat MDA Europe (Q1 Actuals) 
 (1) 
 For the full-year 2024, we expect to generate cash from operating activities of approximately 1,050 million and free cash flow of approximately 500 million, including restructuring cash outlays of approximately 80 million and capital expenditures of approximately 550 million. 
 Additionally, in the full-year 2024 outlook, the Company calculated ongoing earnings per share using a full-year adjusted tax (non-GAAP) rate of (18) - (22) . Subsequent to the closure of the Europe transaction, the Company has recorded certain significant tax benefits related to legal entity restructuring transactions. Additional tax impacts from legal entity restructuring projects are possible in future quarters, and those future impacts have been included in our expected full-year non-GAAP tax rate. Reconciling from our expected full-year GAAP tax rate of approximately 65 , certain Europe transaction tax impacts have been adjusted from our full-year adjusted tax (non-GAAP) rate of (18) - (22) . 

46 

The table below reconciles projected 2024 cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP to free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure. Management believes that free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures, including the difficulty associated with comparing companies that use similarly named non-GAAP measures whose calculations may differ from our calculations. We define free cash flow as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis. 
 Millions of dollars 2024 Current Outlook Cash provided by (used in) operating activities (1) 
 ~ 1,050 Capital expenditures ~ 550 
 Free cash flow ~ 500 
 
 (1) Financial guidance on a GAAP basis for cash provided by (used in) financing activities and cash provided by (used in) investing activities has not been provided because in order to prepare any such estimate or projection, the Company would need to rely on market factors and certain other conditions and assumptions that are outside of its control. 
 The projections above are based on many estimates and are inherently subject to change based on future decisions made by management and the Board of Directors of Whirlpool, and significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as updated in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 For additional information regarding certain of our loss contingencies/litigation, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. Unfavorable outcomes in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 
 Antidumping Petitions 
 As previously reported, Whirlpool filed petitions in 2011 and 2015 alleging that Samsung, LG and Electrolux violated U.S. and international trade laws by dumping large residential washers into the U.S. Those petitions resulted in orders imposing antidumping duties on certain large residential washers imported from South Korea, Mexico, and China, and countervailing duties on certain large residential washers from South Korea. In August 2022, the order covering certain large residential washers from China was extended for an additional five years. In September 2024, the order covering certain large residential washers from Mexico was extended for an additional five years. 
 Raw Materials and Global Economy 
 The current domestic and international political environment have contributed to uncertainty surrounding the future state of the global economy. We have experienced raw material inflation in certain prior years based on the impact of U.S. tariffs and other global macroeconomic factors. Due to many factors beyond our control, including the Israel-Palestinian conflict, the Red Sea conflict and its impact on shipping and logistics and government actions in China, among other factors, we expect to continue to be impacted by the following factors: a strain on raw material and input cost inflation, and fluctuations in logistics availability, timing and costs, all of which began easing in 2023 but remain volatile. This could require us to modify our current business practices, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes to our exposures to market risk since December 31, 2023. 
 
 47 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Prior to filing this report, we completed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 48 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information with respect to legal proceedings can be found under the heading "Commitments and Contingencies" in Note 6 to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Pursuant to SEC regulation, the Company will use a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of certain environmental proceedings covered by the regulation is required. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 On April 19, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 2 billion, which has no expiration date. On February 14, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an additional 2 billion in share repurchases under the Company's ongoing share repurchase program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 455,952 shares under these programs at an aggregate price of approximately 50 million. At September 30, 2024, there were approximately 2.5 billion in remaining funds authorized under this program. 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of Whirlpool's common stock in the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period (Millions of dollars, except number and price per share) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 2,537 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 2,537 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 2,537 Total 
 
 Share repurchases are made from time to time on the open market as conditions warrant. The program does not obligate us to repurchase any of our shares and has no expiration date. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 49 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 32.1 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

50 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION (Registrant) By: /s/ JAMES W. PETERS Name: James W. Peters Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer Date: October 24, 2024 
 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exb311-09302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc R. Bitzer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Whirlpool Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s MARC R. BITZER Name Marc R. Bitzer Title Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exb312-09302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James W. Peters, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Whirlpool Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s JAMES W. PETERS Name James W. Peters Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exb321-09302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Whirlpool Corporation Whirlpool for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Marc R. Bitzer, as Chief Executive Officer of Whirlpool, and James W. Peters, as Chief Financial Officer of Whirlpool, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Whirlpool. 
 
 s MARC R. BITZER Name Marc R. Bitzer Title Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date October 24, 2024 s JAMES W. PETERS Name James W. Peters Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date October 24, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 whr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 whr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 whr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 whr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 whr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

