<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_776867_0000776867-24-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20222872</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>246139</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2254231</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9347057</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4047464</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3778639</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000776867-24-000019.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106081735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000776867-24-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000776867
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				942708455
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08993
		FILM NUMBER:		241429334

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3B
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03755
		BUSINESS PHONE:		603 640 2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3B
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03755

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUND AMERICAN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUND AMERICAN COMPANIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000776867-24-000019.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 wtm-20240930.htm
 10-Q

wtm-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered WTM.BH Bermuda Stock Exchange 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, common shares with a par value of 1.00 per share were outstanding (which includes 35,390 restricted common shares that were not vested at such date). 

WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page No. PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, Three and Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 51 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 81 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 86 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 89 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 90 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 91 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 91 
 Items 1 through 6. 
 91 
 SIGNATURES 
 92 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION. 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Millions, except share and per share amounts September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets P C Insurance and Reinsurance (Ark/WM Outrigger) Fixed maturity investments, at fair value Common equity securities, at fair value Short-term investments, at fair value Other long-term investments Total investments Cash (restricted and 
 Reinsurance recoverables Insurance premiums receivable Deferred acquisition costs Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets Total P C Insurance and Reinsurance assets Financial Guarantee (HG Global) Fixed maturity investments, at fair value Short-term investments, at fair value Total investments Cash BAM Surplus Notes, at fair value Insurance premiums receivable Deferred acquisition costs Other assets Total Financial Guarantee assets Asset Management (Kudu) Short-term investments, at fair value Other long-term investments Total investments Cash Accrued investment income Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets Total Asset Management assets P C Insurance Distribution (Bamboo) Fixed maturity investments, at fair value Short-term investments, at fair value Total investments Cash (restricted and 
 Premiums, commissions and fees receivable Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets Total P C Insurance Distribution assets Other Operations Fixed maturity investments, at fair value Common equity securities, at fair value Investment in MediaAlpha, at fair value Short-term investments, at fair value Other long-term investments Total investments Cash Insurance premiums receivable Goodwill and other intangible assets Other assets Total Other Operations assets Total assets 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Millions, except share and per share amounts September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Liabilities P C Insurance and Reinsurance (Ark/WM Outrigger) Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Unearned insurance premiums Debt Reinsurance payable Contingent consideration Other liabilities Total P C Insurance and Reinsurance liabilities Financial Guarantee (HG Global) Unearned insurance premiums Debt Other liabilities Total Financial Guarantee liabilities Asset Management (Kudu) Debt Other liabilities Total Asset Management liabilities P C Insurance Distribution (Bamboo) Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Unearned insurance premiums Premiums and commissions payable Other liabilities Total P C Insurance Distribution liabilities Other Operations Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Unearned insurance premiums Debt Accrued incentive compensation Other liabilities Total Other Operations liabilities Total liabilities Equity White Mountains s common shareholders equity White Mountains s common shares at par value per share authorized 
 shares; issued and outstanding and shares 
 Paid-in surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), after-tax: Net unrealized gains (losses) from foreign currency translation ) ) Total White Mountains s common shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: P C Insurance and Reinsurance (Ark/WM Outrigger) Earned insurance premiums Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Other revenues ) Total P C Insurance and Reinsurance revenues Financial Guarantee (HG Global) Earned insurance premiums Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes Change in fair value of BAM Surplus Notes Unrealized loss on deconsolidation of BAM ) ) Other revenues Total Financial Guarantee revenues ) ) ) Asset Management (Kudu) Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) Other revenues Total Asset Management revenues P C Insurance Distribution (Bamboo) Commission and fee revenues Earned insurance premiums Other revenues Total P C Insurance Distribution revenues Other Operations Earned insurance premiums Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha ) ) Commission and fees revenues Other revenues Total Other Operations revenues ) Total revenues 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Expenses: P C Insurance and Reinsurance (Ark/WM Outrigger) Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses General and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent consideration Interest expense Total P C Insurance and Reinsurance expenses Financial Guarantee (HG Global) Acquisition expenses General and administrative expenses Interest expense Total Financial Guarantee expenses Asset Management (Kudu) General and administrative expenses Interest expense Total Asset Management expenses P C Insurance Distribution (Bamboo) Broker commission expenses Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses General and administrative expenses Total P C Insurance Distribution expenses Other Operations Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses Cost of sales General and administrative expenses Interest expense Total Other Operations expenses Total expenses Pre-tax income (loss) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Earnings (loss) per share attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders: Basic earnings (loss) per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share Dividends declared and paid per White Mountains s common share 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 White Mountains s Common Shareholders Equity Millions Common shares and paid-in surplus Retained earnings AOCI, after tax Total Non-controlling interest Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total comprehensive income (loss) Amortization of restricted share awards Recognition of equity-based compensation expense of subsidiaries Impact to noncontrolling interests for the deconsolidation of BAM Net contributions (distributions) and dilution from other noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 White Mountains s Common Shareholders Equity Millions Common shares and paid-in surplus Retained earnings AOCI, after tax Total Non-controlling interest Total Equity Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) BAM member surplus contributions, net of tax Amortization of restricted share awards Recognition of equity-based compensation expense of subsidiaries Net contributions (distributions) and dilution from other noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 White Mountains s Common Shareholders Equity Millions Common shares and paid-in surplus Retained earnings AOCI, after tax Total Non-controlling interest Total Equity Balance as of January 1, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total comprehensive income (loss) Dividends declared on common shares ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Issuances of common shares Repurchases and retirements of common shares ) ) ) ) BAM member surplus contributions, net of tax Amortization of restricted share awards Recognition of equity-based compensation expense of subsidiaries Net contributions (distributions) and dilution from other noncontrolling interests ) ) Impact to noncontrolling interests for the deconsolidation of BAM Acquisition of noncontrolling interests - Bamboo Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 White Mountains s Common Shareholders Equity Millions Common shares and paid-in surplus Retained earnings AOCI, after tax Total Non-controlling interest Total Equity Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends declared on common shares ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Issuances of common shares Repurchases and retirements of common shares ) ) ) ) BAM member surplus contributions, net of tax Amortization of restricted share awards Recognition of equity-based compensation expense of subsidiaries Net contributions (distributions) and dilution from other noncontrolling interests ) ) Disposition of noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 Cash flows from operations: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided from (used for) operations: Net realized and unrealized investment (gains) losses ) ) Net realized and unrealized investment (gains) losses from investment in MediaAlpha ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration - Ark Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes ) Change in fair value of BAM Surplus Notes ) Unrealized loss on deconsolidation of BAM Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Amortization of restricted share awards Amortization (accretion) and depreciation ) ) Other operating items: Net change in reinsurance recoverables ) Net change in insurance premiums, commissions and fees receivable ) ) Net change in deferred acquisition costs ) ) Net change in loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Net change in unearned insurance premiums Net change in reinsurance payable ) Net change in premiums and commissions payable Contributions to Kudu s Participation Contracts ) ) Proceeds from Kudu s Participation Contracts sold Net other operating activities ) Net cash provided from (used for) operations Cash flows from investing activities: Net change in short-term investments ) Sales of fixed maturity investments Maturities, calls and paydowns of fixed maturity investments Sales of common equity securities and investment in MediaAlpha Distributions and redemptions of other long-term investments Proceeds from the sale of Other Operating Businesses, net of cash sold of and 
 Purchases of consolidated subsidiaries, net of cash acquired of and 
 ) Purchases of fixed maturity investments ) ) Purchases of common equity securities and investment in MediaAlpha ) ) Purchases of other long-term investments ) ) Impact to cash from deconsolidation of BAM ) Net other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided from (used for) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Draw down of debt and revolving lines of credit Repayment of debt and revolving lines of credit ) ) Cash dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) Repurchases and retirements of common shares ) ) BAM member surplus contributions prior to the deconsolidation of BAM Net contributions from (distributions to) other noncontrolling interests ) ) Net other financing activities ) Net cash provided from (used for) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash during the period ) Cash balances at beginning of period (includes restricted cash balances of and 
 Cash balances at end of period (includes restricted cash balances of and 
 Supplemental cash flows information: Interest paid ) ) Net income tax payments ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 

reportable segments: (1) Ark/WM Outrigger, (2) HG Global, (3) Kudu and (4) Bamboo, with its remaining operating businesses, holding companies and other assets included in Other Operations. White Mountains has made its segment determination based on consideration of the following criteria: (i) the nature of the business activities of each of the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates; (ii) the manner in which the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates are organized; (iii) the existence of primary managers responsible for specific subsidiaries and affiliates; and (iv) the organization of information provided to the Company s chief operating decision makers and its Board of Directors. See Note 14 Segment Information. 
 The Ark/WM Outrigger segment consists of Ark Insurance Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, Ark and Outrigger Re Ltd. Segregated Account 2023-1 WM Outrigger Re (collectively with Ark, Ark/WM Outrigger ). Ark is a specialty property and casualty insurance and reinsurance company that offers a wide range of niche insurance and reinsurance products, including property, specialty, marine energy, accident health and casualty. Ark underwrites select coverages through Lloyd s Syndicates 4020 and 3902 (the Syndicates and its wholly-owned subsidiary Group Ark Insurance Limited GAIL ). White Mountains acquired a controlling ownership interest in Ark on January 1, 2021 (the Ark Transaction ). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, White Mountains owned of Ark on a basic shares outstanding basis after taking account of management s equity incentives). The remaining shares are owned by current and former employees of Ark. In the future, management rollover shareholders could earn additional shares in Ark if and to the extent that White Mountains achieves certain thresholds for its multiple of invested capital return. If fully earned, these additional shares would represent of the shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The liability related to these additional shares is recorded as contingent consideration. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Ark sponsored the formation of Outrigger Re Ltd., a Bermuda company registered as a special purpose insurer and segregated accounts company, to provide reinsurance capacity to Ark. White Mountains consolidates the results of its segregated account, WM Outrigger Re, in its financial statements. See Note 2 Significant Transactions. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, White Mountains owned of WM Outrigger Re s preferred equity. 
 The HG Global segment consists of HG Global Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, HG Global and, prior to its deconsolidation on July 1, 2024, the consolidated results of Build America Mutual Assurance Company BAM (collectively with HG Global, HG Global/BAM ). See Note 2 Significant Transactions. HG Global was established to fund the startup of BAM and, through its reinsurance subsidiary, HG Re Ltd. HG Re ), to provide first loss protection of up to -of-par outstanding for each policy assumed from BAM. HG Global, together with its subsidiaries, funded the initial capitalization of BAM through the purchase of million of surplus notes issued by BAM (the BAM Surplus Notes ). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, White Mountains owned of HG Global s preferred equity and of its common equity. 
 9 

and of Kudu s basic units outstanding and on a fully-diluted, fully-converted basis). 
 The Bamboo segment consists of PM Holdings LLC Bamboo Holdings ), Bamboo Ide8 Insurance Services LLC Bamboo MGA and Ide8 Limited Bamboo Captive (collectively with Bamboo Holdings and Bamboo MGA, Bamboo ). Bamboo is a capital-light, tech- and data-enabled insurance distribution platform providing homeowners insurance and related products to the residential property market in California. Bamboo operates primarily through Bamboo MGA, its full-service managing general agent MGA business, where the company manages all aspects of the placement process on behalf of its fronting and reinsurance partners, including product development, marketing, underwriting, policy issuance and claims oversight, and it earns commissions based on the volume and profitability of the insurance that it places. It offers both admitted and non-admitted products. Bamboo also operates two separate but integrated businesses: (i) a retail agency, within Bamboo MGA, offering ancillary products on behalf of third parties and (ii) Bamboo Captive, a Bermuda-domiciled captive reinsurer that participates in the underwriting risk of Bamboo s MGA programs to align interests with reinsurance partners. On January 2, 2024, White Mountains acquired a controlling interest in Bamboo. See Note 2 Significant Transactions. As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains owned of the basic units outstanding of Bamboo on a fully-diluted, fully-converted basis). 
 White Mountains s other operations consist of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, White Mountains Capital, LLC WM Capital ), its other intermediate holding companies, its wholly-owned investment management subsidiary, White Mountains Advisors LLC WM Advisors ), investment assets managed by WM Advisors, its interests in MediaAlpha, Inc. MediaAlpha ), DavidShield PassportCard Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, PassportCard/DavidShield ), Elementum Holdings LP Elementum ), certain other consolidated and unconsolidated entities Other Operating Businesses and certain other assets (collectively, Other Operations ). 
 On October 25, 2023, White Mountains announced the launch of White Mountains Partners LLC WTM Partners ), which will acquire businesses in non-insurance, non-financial services sectors including essential services, light industrial and specialty consumer. White Mountains expects to deploy up to million of equity capital through WTM Partners over time. WTM Partners is included within Other Operations. 
 In April 2024, White Mountains committed to provide up to million to a Bermuda special purpose collateralized reinsurance vehicle that provides reinsurance capacity to Bamboo Bamboo CRV ). During the second quarter of 2024, White Mountains capitalized Bamboo CRV by purchasing million of preference shares that were deposited into a collateral trust account. Bamboo CRV entered into a collateralized quota share agreement with one of Bamboo s fronting partners to provide reinsurance protection on Bamboo s admitted and non-admitted business written in the 2024 treaty year. Bamboo CRV is included within Other Operations. 

10 

Note 2. 
 
 million of equity into Bamboo, which included the contribution of million to retire Bamboo s legacy credit facility and the contribution of million of primary capital. The consideration is subject to customary purchase price adjustments. At closing, White Mountains owned of Bamboo on a basic shares outstanding basis on a fully-diluted/fully-converted basis, taking account of management s equity incentives), while Bamboo management owned of basic shares outstanding on a fully-diluted/fully-converted basis). 
 White Mountains recognized total assets acquired related to the Bamboo Transaction of million, total liabilities assumed of million and noncontrolling interest of million reflecting acquisition date fair values. Total assets acquired included million of goodwill and other intangible assets. In connection with the acquisition, White Mountains incurred transaction costs of million in Other Operations, of which million were expensed in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 11 

Short-term investments, at fair value Cash (restricted 
 (1) 
 Premiums and commissions receivable Other assets Total tangible assets Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves ) Unearned insurance premiums ) Premiums and commissions payable ) Other liabilities ) Total tangible liabilities ) Net tangible assets acquired Goodwill Other intangible assets Total goodwill and other intangible assets Net assets acquired 
 as part of the Bamboo Transaction, which was not part of the purchase consideration. 
 
 Net tangible assets acquired and the resulting goodwill and other intangible assets were recorded at fair value using Level 3 inputs. The majority of the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their carrying values, as their carrying values approximated their fair values due to their short-term nature. The fair values of other intangible assets were internally estimated based primarily on the income approach. The income approach estimates fair value based on the present value of the cash flows that the assets are expected to generate in the future. White Mountains developed internal estimates for the expected future cash flows and discount rates used in the present value calculations. See Note 4 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 The value of the noncontrolling interest is recorded at the acquisition date fair value, based on the valuation implied in the Bamboo Transaction. 
 Bamboo s segment income and expenses for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are presented in Note 14 Segment Information. 

12 

million as of July 1, 2024 resulting in an unrealized loss on deconsolidation of million. This fair value includes the impact of a discount for the time value of money, which was previously included in adjusted book value per share as a non-GAAP adjustment to book value per share. See Note 10 Municipal Bond Guarantee Reinsurance for the valuation techniques and inputs utilized to determine the fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes. 
 
 WM Outrigger Re 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, Ark sponsored the formation of Outrigger Re Ltd., a Bermuda company registered as a special purpose insurer and segregated accounts company, to provide reinsurance capacity to Ark. Outrigger Re Ltd. was capitalized with million of preference shares for business written in the 2023 underwriting year, of which White Mountains contributed million. The remaining capital was provided by unrelated third-party investors. Outrigger Re Ltd. entered into collateralized quota share agreements with GAIL to provide reinsurance protection on Ark s Bermuda global property catastrophe excess of loss portfolio written in the 2023 underwriting year. The proceeds from the issuance of the preference shares were deposited into collateral trust accounts to fund any potential obligations under the reinsurance agreements with GAIL. Outrigger Re Ltd. s obligations under the reinsurance agreements with GAIL are subject to an aggregate limit equal to the assets in the collateral trusts at any point in time. The terms of the reinsurance agreements are renewable upon the mutual agreement of Ark and the applicable preference shareholder of Outrigger Re Ltd. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, Ark renewed Outrigger Re Ltd. for the 2024 underwriting year with million of capital, of which White Mountains rolled over million from its commitment to the 2023 underwriting year. The remaining capital was provided by new and continuing unrelated third-party investors. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, short-term investments of million and million were held in a collateral trust account required to be maintained in relation to WM Outrigger Re s reinsurance agreements with GAIL. 
 White Mountains owns 100 of the preference shares linked to its segregated account, WM Outrigger Re. White Mountains consolidates WM Outrigger Re s results in its financial statements. WM Outrigger Re s quota share reinsurance agreements with GAIL eliminate in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 
 million from WM Outrigger Re as a result of its reduced capital commitment relating to the 2024 underwriting year. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, White Mountains received an additional million from WM Outrigger Re, reflecting an initial profit distribution from the 2023 underwriting year. 

13 

Note 3. 
 
 Short-term investments Common equity securities Other long-term investments Total investment income Third-party investment expenses ) ) ) ) Net investment income, pre-tax 

14 

) ) ) Short-term investments ) ) ) Common equity securities Investment in MediaAlpha Other long-term investments Net realized investment gains (losses) Unrealized investment gains (losses) Fixed maturity investments ) ) Short-term investments ) ) Common equity securities ) Investment in MediaAlpha ) ) Other long-term investments Net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) (1) 
 ) Fixed maturity and short-term investments Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Less: net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities sold during the period Net unrealized investment gains (losses) recognized during the period on investment securities held at the end of the period ) ) Common equity securities and investment in MediaAlpha Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) on common equity securities ) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha ) ) Total net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Less: net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities sold during the period ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) recognized during the period on investment securities held at the end of the period ) 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes and ) of net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) related to foreign currency exchange. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes and ) of net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) related to foreign currency exchange. 
 
 The following table presents total net unrealized gains (losses) attributable to Level 3 investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for investments still held at the end of the period: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total net unrealized investment gains on other long-term investments held at the end of the period, pre-tax 
 15 

) Debt securities issued by corporations ) Municipal obligations Mortgage and asset-backed securities ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Total fixed maturity investments ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Millions Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Net Foreign Currency Gains (Losses) Carrying Value U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Debt securities issued by corporations ) ) Municipal obligations ) Mortgage and asset-backed securities ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Total fixed maturity investments ) ) 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage and asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations Total fixed maturity investments 

16 

) Investment in MediaAlpha Other long-term investments ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Millions Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Net Foreign Currency Gains (Losses) Carrying Value Common equity securities ) ) Investment in MediaAlpha Other long-term investments ) ) 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Fair value measurements are categorized into a hierarchy that distinguishes between inputs based on market data from independent sources (observable inputs) and a reporting entity s internal assumptions based upon the best information available when external market data is limited or unavailable (unobservable inputs). Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities have the highest priority (Level 1), followed by observable inputs other than quoted prices, including prices for similar but not identical assets or liabilities (Level 2) and unobservable inputs, including the reporting entity s estimates of the assumptions that market participants would use, having the lowest priority (Level 3). See Note 17 Fair Value of Financial Instruments. 
 
 Fair Value Measurement By Level 
 17 

Debt securities issued by corporations: Financials Consumer Industrial Healthcare Technology Utilities Communications Energy Materials Total debt securities issued by corporations Municipal obligations Mortgage and asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Total fixed maturity investments Short-term investments Common equity securities: Exchange-traded funds Other (1) 
 Total common equity securities Investment in MediaAlpha Other long-term investments Other long-term investments net asset value (2) 
 Total other long-term investments Total investments 
 (1) Consists of investments in listed funds that predominantly invest in international equities. 
 (2) Consists of private equity funds and hedge funds, a bank loan fund, Lloyd s trust deposits and ILS funds for which fair value is measured using net asset value NAV as a practical expedient. Investments for which fair value is measured at NAV are not classified within the fair value hierarchy. 

18 

Debt securities issued by corporations: Financials Consumer Industrial Healthcare Technology Utilities Communications Energy Materials Total debt securities issued by corporations Municipal obligations Mortgage and asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Total fixed maturity investments Short-term investments Common equity securities: Exchange-traded funds Other (1) 
 Total common equity securities Investment in MediaAlpha Other long-term investments Other long-term investments NAV (2) 
 Total other long-term investments Total investments 
 (1) Consists of investments in listed funds that predominantly invest in international equities. 
 (2) Consists of private equity funds and hedge funds, a bank loan fund, Lloyd s trust deposits and ILS funds for which fair value is measured using NAV as a practical expedient. Investments for which fair value is measured at NAV are not classified within the fair value hierarchy. 

19 

million and million. 
 The underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd s must be supported by providing a deposit Funds at Lloyd s in the form of cash, securities or letters of credit in an amount determined by Lloyd s. The amount of such deposit is calculated for each member through an annual capital adequacy determination by Lloyd s. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of Ark s Funds at Lloyd s investment deposits totaled million and million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Ark held additional investments on deposit or as collateral for insurance regulators and reinsurance counterparties of million and million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Ark had million and million of fixed maturity and short-term investments pledged as collateral under uncommitted standby letters of credit. See Note 7 Debt. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, short-term investments of million and million were held in a collateral trust account required to be maintained in relation to WM Outrigger Re s reinsurance agreements with GAIL. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, investments of million and million were held in trusts required to be maintained in relation to HG Re s reinsurance agreements with BAM. 
 HG Global is required to maintain an interest reserve account in connection with its senior notes issued in 2022. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the interest reserve account, which is included in short-term investments, was million and million. See Note 7 Debt. 
 Kudu is required to maintain an interest reserve account in connection with its credit facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the interest reserve account of million and million was held in short-term investments. See Note 7 - Debt. 
 As of September 30, 2024, fixed maturity and short-term investments of million were held as collateral required to be maintained in relation to Bamboo Captive s reinsurance agreements. 
 As of September 30, 2024, short-term investments of million were held as collateral required to be maintained in relation to Bamboo CRV s reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Debt Securities Issued by Corporations 
 
 AA A BBB BB Other Debt securities issued by corporations (1) 
 
 (1) Credit ratings are based upon issuer credit ratings provided by Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC Standard Poor s ), or if unrated by Standard Poor s, long-term obligation ratings provided by Moody s Investor Service, Inc. 
 
 20 

FHLMC GNMA Total agency (1) 
 Non-agency: Commercial Residential Total non-agency Total mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities: Vehicle receivables Credit card receivables Other Total other asset-backed securities Total mortgage and asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Total mortgage and asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations 
 (1) Represents publicly traded mortgage-backed securities which carry the full faith and credit guaranty of the U.S. Government (i.e., GNMA) or are guaranteed by a government sponsored entity (i.e., FNMA, FHLMC). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, White Mountains s investment portfolio included million and million of collateralized loan obligations that are within the senior tranches of their respective fund securitization structures. All of White Mountains s collateral loan obligations were rated AAA or AA as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Investment in MediaAlpha 
 
 White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha is accounted for at fair value based on the publicly traded share price of MediaAlpha s common stock and is presented as a separate line item on the balance sheet. 
 During the second quarter of 2023, White Mountains completed a tender offer to purchase million additional shares of MediaAlpha at a purchase price of per share. During the second quarter of 2024, MediaAlpha completed a secondary offering of million shares at per share per share net of underwriting fees). In the secondary offering, White Mountains sold million shares for net proceeds of million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains owned million shares of MediaAlpha, representing a basic ownership interest on a fully-diluted/fully-converted basis). See Note 16 Equity Method Eligible Investments. At White Mountains s September 30, 2024 level of ownership, each per share increase or decrease in the share price of MediaAlpha will result in an approximate per share increase or decrease in White Mountains s book value per share. At the September 30, 2024 share price of per share, the fair value of White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha was million. 
 
 21 

PassportCard/DavidShield 
 Elementum Other unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Total unconsolidated entities Private equity funds and hedge funds Bank loan fund Lloyd s trust deposits ILS funds Private debt instruments Other Total other long-term investments 
 (1) Includes White Mountains s noncontrolling equity interests in certain preferred securities, private common equity securities, limited liability company units and Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE investments. 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 Millions Ark/ WM Outrigger Kudu Other Total Kudu s Participation Contracts PassportCard/DavidShield 
 Elementum Other unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Total unconsolidated entities Private equity funds and hedge funds Bank loan fund Lloyd s trust deposits ILS funds Private debt instruments Other Total other long-term investments 
 (1) Includes White Mountains s noncontrolling equity interests in certain preferred securities, private common equity securities, limited liability company units and Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE investments. 
 
 Private Equity Funds and Hedge Funds 
 White Mountains invests in private equity funds and hedge funds, which are included in other long-term investments. The fair value of these investments is generally estimated using the NAV of the funds. As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains held investments in private equity funds and hedge funds. The largest investment in a single private equity fund or hedge fund was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 22 

Financial services Real estate Total private equity funds Hedge funds Long/short equity financials and business services Long/short all cap global European small/mid cap Total hedge funds Total private equity funds and hedge funds included 
 in other long-term investments 
 
 Investments in private equity funds are generally subject to a lock-up period during which investors may not request a redemption. Distributions prior to the expected termination date of the fund may be limited to dividends or proceeds arising from the liquidation of the fund s underlying investments. In addition, certain private equity funds have the option to extend the lock-up period. 

Investors in private equity funds are generally subject to indemnification obligations outside of the capital commitment period and prior to the winding up of the fund. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, White Mountains is not aware of any indemnification claims relating to its investments in private equity funds. 
 Redemption of investments in most hedge funds is subject to restrictions, including lock-up periods where no redemptions or withdrawals are allowed, restrictions on redemption frequency and advance notice periods for redemptions. Amounts requested for redemptions remain subject to market fluctuations until the redemption effective date, which generally falls at the end of the defined redemption period. White Mountains s hedge fund investments are subject to monthly and quarterly restrictions on redemptions and advance written redemption notice period requirements that range between 45 and 90 calendar days. 
 
 Bank Loan Fund 
 White Mountains s other long-term investments include a bank loan fund with a fair value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The fair value of this investment is estimated using the NAV of the fund. The bank loan fund s investment objective is to provide, on an unleveraged basis, high current income consistent with preservation of capital and low duration. The bank loan fund primarily invests in a broad portfolio of U.S. dollar-denominated, non-investment grade, floating-rate senior secured loans and may invest in other financial instruments, such as secured and unsecured corporate debt, credit default swaps, reverse repurchase agreements, synthetic indices and cash and cash equivalents. 
 The investment in the bank loan fund is subject to restrictions on redemption frequency and advance notice periods for redemptions. Amounts requested for redemptions remain subject to market fluctuations until the redemption effective date, which generally falls at the end of the defined redemption period. White Mountains may redeem all or a portion of its bank loan fund investment as of any calendar month-end upon 15 calendar days advanced written notice. 
 
 23 

million and million. 
 
 Insurance-Linked Securities Funds 
 White Mountains s other long-term investments include ILS fund investments. The fair value of these investments is generally estimated using the NAV of the funds. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, White Mountains held investments in ILS funds with a fair value of million and million. 
 Investments in ILS funds are generally subject to restrictions, including lock-up periods where no redemptions or withdrawals are allowed, non-renewal clauses, restrictions on redemption frequency and advance notice periods for redemptions. From time to time, natural catastrophe, liquidity, market or other events will occur that make the determination of fair value for underlying investments in ILS funds less certain due to the potential for loss development. In such circumstances, the impacted investments may be subject to additional lock-up provisions. 
 ILS funds are typically subject to monthly and annual restrictions on redemptions and advance redemption notice period requirements that range between and calendar days. Amounts requested for redemption remain subject to market fluctuations until the redemption effective date, which is generally at the end of the defined redemption period or when the underlying investment has fully matured or been commuted. 
 
 Rollforward of Level 3 Investments 
 
 Level 3 measurements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 consist of securities for which the estimated fair value has not been determined based upon quoted market price inputs for identical or similar securities. 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 Net realized and unrealized gains Net realized and unrealized gains Purchases and contributions Purchases and contributions Sales and distributions ) Sales and distributions ) Transfers in Transfers in Transfers out Transfers out Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Fair Value Measurements Transfers Between Levels - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Transfers between levels are recorded using the fair value measurement as of the end of the quarterly period in which the event or change in circumstance giving rise to the transfer occurred. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no fixed maturity investments or other long-term investments classified as Level 3 measurements in the prior period that were transferred to Level 2 measurements. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no fixed maturity investments or other long-term investments classified as Level 2 measurements in the prior period that were transferred to Level 3 measurements. 
 
 24 

million and million of Level 3 other long-term investments generally valued based on recent or expected transaction prices. The fair value of investments in private equity funds and hedge funds, bank loan funds, Lloyd s trust deposits and ILS funds are generally estimated using the NAV of the funds. 
 in Millions September 30, 2024 
 Description Valuation Technique(s) (1) 
 Fair Value (2) 
 Unobservable Inputs Discount Rate (5) 
 Terminal Cash Flow Exit Multiple (x) or Terminal Revenue Growth Rate ) (5) 
 Kudu s Participation Contracts (3)(4) 
 Discounted cash flow 
 - 
 x - x 
 PassportCard/DavidShield Discounted cash flow Elementum Discounted cash flow Preferred Securities Discounted cash flow N/A Private debt instruments Discounted cash flow - 
 N/A 
 (1) Key inputs to the discounted cash flow analysis generally include projections of future revenue and earnings, discount rates and terminal exit multiples or growth rates. 
 (2) Includes the net unrealized investment gains (losses) associated with foreign currency; foreign currency effects based on observable inputs. 
 (3) Since Kudu s Participation Contracts are not subject to corporate taxes within Kudu Investment Management, LLC, pre-tax discount rates are applied to pre-tax cash flows in determining fair values. The weighted average discount rate and weighted average terminal cash flow exit multiple applied to Kudu s Participation Contracts was and x. 
 (4) In the first nine months of 2024, Kudu deployed a total of into existing Participation Contracts. 
 (5) Increases (decreases) to the discount rates in isolation would result in lower (higher) fair value measurements, while increases (decreases) to the terminal cash flow exit multiples or terminal revenue growth rates in isolation would result in higher (lower) fair value measurements. 
 
 in Millions December 31, 2023 Description Valuation Technique(s) (1) 
 Fair Value (2) 
 Unobservable Inputs Discount Rate (6) 
 Terminal Cash Flow Exit Multiple (x) or Terminal Revenue Growth Rate ) (6) 
 Kudu s Participation Contracts (3)(4)(5) 
 Discounted cash flow 
 - 
 x - x 
 PassportCard/DavidShield Discounted cash flow Elementum Discounted cash flow Preferred securities Discounted cash flow N/A Private debt instruments Discounted cash flow - 
 N/A 
 (1) Key inputs to the discounted cash flow analysis generally include projections of future revenue and earnings, discount rates and terminal exit multiples or growth rates. 
 (2) Includes the net unrealized investment gains (losses) associated with foreign currency; foreign currency effects based on observable inputs. 
 (3) Since Kudu s Participation Contracts are not subject to corporate taxes within Kudu Investment Management, LLC, pre-tax discount rates are applied to pre-tax cash flows in determining fair values. The weighted average discount rate and weighted average terminal cash flow exit multiple applied to Kudu s Participation Contracts was and x. 
 (4) In 2023, Kudu deployed a total of into new and existing Participation Contracts. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2023, one of Kudu s Participation Contracts with a total fair value of was valued using a probability weighted expected return method, which takes into account factors such as a discounted cash flow analysis, the expected value to be received in a pending sale transaction and the likelihood that a sales transaction will take place. 
 (6) Increases (decreases) to the discount rates in isolation would result in lower (higher) fair value measurements, while increases (decreases) to the terminal cash flow exit multiples or terminal revenue growth rates in isolation would result in higher (lower) fair value measurements. 

25 

Note 4. 
 
 Kudu N/A Bamboo (1) 
 N/A Other Operations N/A Total goodwill Other intangible assets: Ark Underwriting capacity N/A Kudu Trade names Bamboo (1) 
 Trade names Agency relationships Developed technology Other Subtotal Other Operations Trade names Customer relationships Other Subtotal Total other intangible assets Total goodwill and other intangible assets 
 
 (1) The relative fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets recognized in connection with the acquisition of Bamboo had not yet been finalized as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 26 

t recognize any impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 Rollforward of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Millions Goodwill Other Intangible Assets Total Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill Other Intangible Assets Total Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Beginning balance Acquisition of businesses (1) 
 Acquisitions of intangible assets (2) 
 Dispositions (2) 
 ) ) ) Measurement period adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (1) Amounts relate to the fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets recognized in connection with the acquisition of Bamboo, which had not yet been finalized as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Relates to acquisitions and dispositions within Other Operations. 
 (3) Measurement period adjustments relate to updated information about acquisition date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. During the nine 
 months ended September 30, 2023, adjustments relate to an acquisition within Other Operations. 
 27 

Note 5. 
 
 Less: beginning reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss and loss adjustment expense reserves Loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred relating to: Current year losses Prior year losses ) ) ) Net incurred loss and loss adjustment expenses Loss and loss adjustment expenses paid relating to: Current year losses ) ) ) ) Prior year losses ) ) ) ) Net paid loss and loss adjustment expenses ) ) ) ) Change in TPC Providers participation (2) 
 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments to loss and loss adjustment expense reserves ) Net ending balance Plus: ending reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses Gross ending balance 
 (1) The beginning reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses includes amounts attributable to TPC Providers of as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Amount represents the impact to net loss and loss adjustment expense reserves due to a change in the TPC Providers participation related to the annual RITC process. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Ark/WM Outrigger segment recognized million and million of net favorable prior year loss reserve development, primarily due to property lines of business. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Ark/WM Outrigger segment recognized million of net favorable prior year loss reserve development and million of net unfavorable prior year loss reserve development. The net unfavorable prior year loss reserve development for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was driven primarily by Winter Storm Elliot and three large claims in the property and marine energy lines of business. 
 
 Impact of Third-Party Capital 
 For the years of account prior to the Ark Transaction, a significant proportion of the Syndicates underwriting capital was provided by third-party insurance and reinsurance groups TPC Providers using whole account reinsurance contracts with Ark s corporate member. For the years of account subsequent to the Ark Transaction, Ark is no longer using TPC Providers to provide underwriting capital for the Syndicates. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, a reinsurance to close RITC agreement was executed such that the outstanding loss and LAE reserves for claims arising out of the 2020 year of account, for which the TPC Providers participation in the total net results of the Syndicates was , were reinsured into the 2021 year of account, for which the TPC Providers participation in the total net results of the Syndicates was . 
 
 28 

million related to a delinquent payment by a reinsured BAM policyholder. Net of estimated recoveries, HG Re recognized no incurred loss and LAE. 
 
 P C Insurance Distribution 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Bamboo Captive has recorded loss and LAE reserves of million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Bamboo Captive recognized incurred loss and LAE of million and million. 
 
 Other Operations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Bamboo CRV has recorded loss and LAE reserves of million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Bamboo CRV recognized incurred loss and LAE of million and million. 

Note 6. 
 
 Assumed Gross written premiums Ceded (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net written premiums Earned premiums: Direct Assumed Gross earned premiums Ceded (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Net earned premiums Loss and loss adjustment expenses: Gross Ceded (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss and loss adjustment expenses 
 (1) The three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude and , and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude and ceded by Ark to WM Outrigger Re, which eliminate in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) The three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude and , and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude and , ceded by Ark to WM Outrigger Re, which eliminate in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) The three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude and , and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude and , ceded by Ark to WM Outrigger Re, which eliminate in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 

29 

Reinsurance recoverables on paid losses 
 Ceded unearned premiums (2) 
 Reinsurance recoverables 
 
 (1) The reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses exclude and ceded by Ark to WM Outrigger Re as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which eliminate in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) The ceded unearned premiums exclude and ceded by Ark to WM Outrigger Re as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 
 which eliminate in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As reinsurance contracts do not relieve Ark of its obligation to its policyholders, Ark seeks to reduce the credit risk associated with reinsurance balances by avoiding over-reliance on specific reinsurers through the application of concentration limits and thresholds. Ark is selective with its reinsurers, placing reinsurance with only those reinsurers having a strong financial condition. Ark monitors the financial strength of its reinsurers on an ongoing basis. 
 A- to A B++ or lower and not rated (2) 
 (2) 
 Total 
 (1) A.M. Best financial strength ratings as detailed above are: A+ or better (Superior) A- to A (Excellent), B++ (Good). 
 ceded by Ark to WM Outrigger Re as of September 30, 2024, which eliminates in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Reinsurance Contracts Accounted for as Deposits 
 Ark has an aggregate excess of loss contract with SiriusPoint Ltd. SiriusPoint ), which is accounted for using the deposit method and recorded within other assets. Ark earns an annual crediting rate of , which is recorded within other revenue. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of Ark s deposit in SiriusPoint, including accrued interest, was million and million. 
 
 Financial Guarantee 
 
 See Note 10 Municipal Bond Guarantee Reinsurance for third-party reinsurance balances and reinsurance contracts accounted for as deposits related to BAM s municipal bond guarantee business prior to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024. 
 
 30 

Note 7. 
 
 Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 1 Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 2 Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3 Unamortized issuance cost ) ) Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes, carrying value Total Ark Subordinated Notes, carrying value HG Global Senior Notes (2) 
 Unamortized discount and issuance cost ) ) HG Global Senior Notes, carrying value Kudu Credit Facility (2) 
 Unamortized issuance cost ) ) Kudu Credit Facility, carrying value Other Operations debt Unamortized issuance cost ) ) Other Operations debt, carrying value Total debt 
 (1) Effective rate includes the effect of the amortization of debt issuance costs and, where applicable, the original issue discount. 
 (2) Effective rate excludes the effect of the interest rate caps. 
 
 Ark Subordinated Notes 
 
 In March 2007, GAIL issued million face value of floating rate unsecured junior subordinated deferrable interest notes to Alesco Preferred Funding XII Ltd., Alesco Preferred Funding XIII Ltd. and Alesco Preferred Funding XIV Ltd (the Ark 2007 Subordinated Notes ). The Ark 2007 Subordinated Notes, which had a maturity date of June 2037, accrued interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month U.S. London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR plus per annum. During the first quarter of 2024, Ark repaid the outstanding balance of million and extinguished the Ark 2007 Subordinated Notes. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, GAIL issued million face value floating rate unsecured subordinated notes at par in three separate transactions for proceeds of million, net of debt issuance costs (collectively, the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes ). The Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes were issued in private placement offerings that were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 On July 13, 2021, Ark issued million million based upon the foreign exchange spot rate as of the date of the transaction) face value floating rate unsecured subordinated notes Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 1 ). The Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 1, which mature in July 2041, accrue interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR plus per annum. 
 On August 11, 2021, Ark issued million face value floating rate unsecured subordinated notes Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 2 ). The Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 2, which mature in August 2041, accrued interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month U.S. LIBOR plus per annum until August 2023. Effective August 2023, the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 2 accrue interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR benchmark adjustment of and a stated margin of per annum. 
 On September 8, 2021, Ark issued million face value floating rate unsecured subordinated notes Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3 ). The Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3, which mature in September 2041, accrued interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month U.S. LIBOR plus per annum until September 2023. Effective September 2023, the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3 accrue interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month SOFR plus a SOFR benchmark adjustment of and a stated margin of per annum. 
 On the anniversary of the issue dates, the interest rate for the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes will increase by per annum. Ark has the option to redeem, in whole or in part, the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes ahead of contractual maturity at the outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest at the anniversary or any subsequent interest payment date. 
 31 

per annum upon the occurrence of a premium load event until such event is remedied. Premium load events include the failure to meet payment obligations of the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3 when due, failure of GAIL to maintain an investment grade credit rating, failure to maintain of GAIL s Bermuda solvency capital requirement, failure of GAIL to maintain a debt to capital ratio below , late filing of GAIL s or Ark s financial information, and making a restricted payment or distribution on GAIL s common stock or other securities that rank junior or pari passu with the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3 when a different premium load event exists or will be caused by the restricted payment. As of September 30, 2024, there were no premium load events. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 1 had an outstanding balance of million million based upon the foreign exchange spot rate as of September 30, 2024), the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 2 had an outstanding balance of million, and the Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes Tranche 3 had an outstanding balance of million. 
 The Ark Subordinated Notes contain various affirmative and negative covenants that White Mountains considers to be customary for such borrowings. 
 
 Ark Standby Letter of Credit Facilities 
 
 In December 2021, Ark entered into uncommitted secured standby letter of credit facility agreements to support the continued growth and expansion of GAIL s insurance and reinsurance operations. The standby letter of credit facility agreements were executed with ING Bank N.V., London Branch (the ING LOC Facility ), with capacity of million on an uncollateralized basis, and with Citibank Europe Plc (the Citibank LOC Facility ), with capacity of million on a collateralized basis. In September 2022, Ark entered into an additional uncommitted standby letter of credit facility agreement with Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets PLC (the Lloyds LOC Facility ), with capacity of million on a collateralized basis. 
 As of January 1, 2024, the ING LOC Facility was undrawn and the availability period expired. Ark did not renew the credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Citibank LOC Facility had an outstanding balance of million and short-term investments and cash pledged as collateral of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Lloyds LOC Facility had an outstanding balance of million and short-term investments and cash pledged as collateral of million. Ark s uncommitted secured standby letter of credit facility agreements contain various representations, warranties and covenants that White Mountains considers to be customary for such borrowings. 
 
 32 

million face value floating rate secured senior notes (the HG Global Senior Notes ). The HG Global Senior Notes, which mature in April 2032, accrue interest at a floating rate equal to the three-month SOFR plus a SOFR benchmark adjustment of and a stated margin of per annum. Subsequent to the anniversary of the funding date, absent the occurrence of an early amortization trigger event, HG Global will be required to make payments of principal on a quarterly basis totaling million annually. Upon the occurrence of an early amortization trigger event, HG Global is required to use all available cash flow to repay the notes. Early amortization trigger events include scenarios in which HG Re is effectively in runoff. HG Global has the option to redeem, in whole or in part, the HG Global Senior Notes after the anniversary of the funding date at the outstanding principal amount plus accrued interest. 
 On June 16, 2022, HG Global entered into an interest rate cap agreement, effective on July 25, 2022, to limit its exposure to the risk of interest rate increases on the HG Global Senior Notes (the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap ). Under the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap, the notional amount is million, the maximum interest rate is per annum, and the termination date is July 25, 2025. On August 22, 2024, HG Global entered into a new interest rate cap agreement, effective upon the termination of the prior interest rate cap (the HG Global 2024 Interest Rate Cap ). Under the HG Global 2024 Interest Rate Cap, the initial notional amount is million, the maximum interest rate is per annum, and the termination date is July 25, 2028. See Note 9 Derivatives. 
 The HG Global Senior Notes require HG Global to maintain an interest reserve account of times the interest accrued for the most recent quarterly interest period, subject to a maximum required balance of million as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of the interest reserve account, which is included in short-term investments, was million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The HG Global Senior Notes are secured by the capital stock and other equity interests of HG Global s subsidiaries, the interest reserve account, and all cash and non-cash proceeds from such collateral. The HG Global Senior Notes contain various affirmative and negative covenants that White Mountains considers to be customary for such borrowings. 
 If the payment of principal and interest under the HG Global Senior Notes becomes subject to tax withholding on behalf of a relevant governmental authority for certain indemnified taxes, the HG Global Senior Notes require the payment of additional amounts such that the amount received by the noteholders is the same as would have been received absent the tax withholding being imposed. The HG Global Senior Notes require the payment of additional interest of per annum if the HG Global Senior Notes receive a non-investment grade rating or are no longer rated. As of September 30, 2024, the HG Global Senior Notes had an investment grade rating. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the HG Global Senior Notes had an outstanding balance of million. 
 
 Kudu Credit Facility 
 
 On March 23, 2021, Kudu entered into a secured revolving credit facility (the Kudu Credit Facility with Mass Mutual to repay its prior credit facility and to fund new investments and related transaction expenses. The maximum borrowing capacity of the Kudu Credit Facility was million. On June 28, 2024, Kudu amended the Kudu Credit Facility, and the total commitment increased from million to million. The Kudu Credit Facility matures on March 23, 2036. 
 Through June 30, 2023, interest on the Kudu Credit Facility accrued at a floating interest rate equal to the greater of the three-month LIBOR or plus, in each case, per annum. Effective July 2023, the Kudu Credit Facility accrued interest at a floating interest rate equal to the three-month SOFR plus a SOFR benchmark adjustment of and a stated margin of per annum. Under the amended terms, effective July 2024, the Kudu Credit Facility will accrue interest at a floating interest rate equal to the three-month SOFR plus a stated margin of per annum with no SOFR benchmark adjustment. 
 On September 17, 2024, Kudu entered into an interest rate cap agreement, effective on September 30, 2024, to limit its exposure to the risk of interest rate increases on the Kudu Credit Facility (the Kudu Interest Rate Cap ). Under the Kudu Interest Rate Cap, the notional amount is million, the maximum interest rate is per annum, and the termination date is September 30, 2027. See Note 9 Derivatives. 
 The Kudu Credit Facility requires Kudu to maintain an interest reserve account of four times the interest accrued for the most recent quarterly interest period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the interest reserve account of million and million was held in short term investments. 
 The Kudu Credit Facility requires Kudu to maintain a maximum ratio of the outstanding balance to the sum of the fair market value of Kudu s other long-term investments and cash held in certain accounts (the LTV Percentage for annual periods after the June 28, 2024 effective date of the amendment as follows: in years 0-3, in years 4-5, in years 6-7, in years 8-10 and thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, Kudu had a LTV Percentage. 
 Kudu may borrow undrawn balances until June 28, 2027, subject to customary terms and conditions, to the extent the amount borrowed under the Kudu Credit Facility does not exceed the borrowing base, which is equal to of the fair value of Kudu s qualifying Participation Contracts. 
 33 

Term loans Borrowings Repayments ) Ending balance 
 
 The Kudu Credit Facility is secured by all property of the loan parties and contains various affirmative and negative covenants that White Mountains considers to be customary for such borrowings. 
 
 Other Operations Debt 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains s Other Operations had debt with an outstanding balance of million, which consisted of secured credit facilities (collectively, Other Operations debt ). 
 
 Compliance 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains was in compliance, in all material respects, with all of the covenants under its debt instruments. 

Note 8. 
 million, of which million was recorded at Ark and million was recorded at HG Global. As of July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. As a result of the deconsolidation, the BAM Surplus Notes are recorded at fair value, which resulted in the reversal of a million deferred tax liability, generating a million tax benefit in the third quarter of 2024. 
 The Company has subsidiaries and branches that operate in various other jurisdictions around the world and are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they operate. As of September 30, 2024, the primary jurisdictions in which the Company s subsidiaries and branches operate and were subject to tax include Israel, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom and the United States. On April 1, 2023, the U.K. corporate tax rate increased from 19.0 to 25.0 . 
 White Mountains s income tax expense related to pre-tax income from continuing operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represented an effective tax rate of and . The effective tax rate was different from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 , driven primarily by full year forecasted income in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the United States. 
 White Mountains s income tax expense related to pre-tax income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 represented an effective tax rate of . The effective tax rate was different from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 , driven primarily by an increase in the full valuation allowance at BAM, as well as withholding taxes and state income taxes, partially offset by full year forecasted income in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the United States. White Mountains s income tax expense related to pre-tax income from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 represented an effective tax rate of . The effective tax rate was different from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 , driven primarily by full year forecasted income in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the United States. 
 In arriving at the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, White Mountains forecasted all income and expense items including the change in net unrealized investment gains (losses) and net realized investment gains (losses) for the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 34 

Note 9. 

interest rate cap agreements to limit its exposure to the risk of interest rate increases on the HG Global Senior Notes. 
 On June 16, 2022, HG Global entered into the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap, effective on July 25, 2022. The notional amount of the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap is million, and the termination date is July 25, 2025. HG Global paid initial premiums of million for the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap. 
 On August 22, 2024, HG Global entered into the HG Global 2024 Interest Rate Cap, which is effective upon the termination of the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap on July 25, 2025. The initial notional amount of the HG Global 2024 Interest Rate Cap is million, and the termination date is July 25, 2028. For interest periods after April 26, 2027, the notional amount of the HG Global 2024 Interest Rate Cap will decrease as the outstanding principal of the HG Global Senior Notes is paid down. HG Global paid initial premiums of million for the HG Global 2024 Interest Rate Cap. 
 Under the interest rate caps, if the three-month SOFR on a quarterly determination date exceeds through July 25, 2025 or between July 25, 2025 and July 25, 2028, HG Global will receive a payment from the counterparty for the difference on the subsequent settlement date. As of September 30, 2024, the three-month SOFR was 4.6 . 
 million and million related to the change in fair value on both interest rate caps within interest expense. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains recognized a gain of million and million related to the change in fair value of the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap within interest expense. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, White Mountains received a payment of million and million related to the periodic settlement of the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains received a payment of million and million related to the periodic settlement of the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of both interest rate caps was million. As of December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the HG Global 2022 Interest Rate Cap was million. White Mountains classifies the interest rate caps as Level 2 measurements. 

million, and the termination date is September 30, 2027. Kudu paid initial premiums of million for the Kudu Interest Rate Cap. 
 Under the Kudu Interest Rate Cap, if the three-month SOFR on a quarterly determination date exceeds , Kudu will receive a payment from the counterparty for the difference on the subsequent settlement date. As of September 30, 2024, the three-month SOFR was 4.6 . 
 million related to the change in fair value on the Kudu Interest Rate Cap within interest expense. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, White Mountains received no payment related to the periodic settlement of the interest rate cap. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the Kudu Interest Rate Cap was million. White Mountains classifies the Kudu Interest Rate Cap as a Level 2 measurement. 
 
 35 

Note 10. 
 
 million of the BAM Surplus Notes. 
 
 Reinsurance Treaties 
 
 FLRT 
 HG Re is a party to the FLRT with BAM, under which HG Re provides first loss protection of up to -of-par outstanding for each policy assumed from BAM. For capital appreciation bonds, par is adjusted to the estimated equivalent par value for current interest paying bonds. BAM charges an insurance premium on each municipal bond insurance policy it underwrites. Historically, approximately of the total insurance premium charged by BAM has been a member surplus contribution MSC ), and the remainder is a risk premium. In return for the reinsurance provided, HG Re receives approximately of the risk premium charged, which is net of a ceding commission. 
 The FLRT is a perpetual agreement with terms that can be renegotiated every . For the next renegotiation period, either party may provide notice during 2028 to trigger a renegotiation that would take effect on January 1, 2030. 
 Prior to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024, HG Re s reinsurance balances under the FLRT eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. Subsequent to the deconsolidation, White Mountains recognized gross written premiums of million and earned premiums of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 XOLT 
 HG Re is party to an excess of loss reinsurance agreement (the XOLT with BAM. Under the XOLT, HG Re provides last dollar protection for exposures on municipal bonds insured by BAM in excess of the New York State Department of Financial Services NYDFS single issuer limits. As of September 30, 2024, the XOLT is subject to an aggregate limit equal to the lesser of million or the assets held in the supplemental collateral trust (the Supplemental Trust at any point in time. The XOLT is accounted for using deposit accounting, and any related financing revenues are recorded in other revenues, as the agreement does not meet the risk transfer requirements necessary to be accounted for as reinsurance. 
 Prior to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024, HG Re s reinsurance balances under the XOLT eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. Subsequent to the deconsolidation, other revenues recognized by White Mountains for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were insignificant. 
 
 Collateral Trusts 
 
 HG Re s obligations under the FLRT are subject to an aggregate limit equal to the assets in two collateral trusts, the Supplemental Trust and the Regulation 114 Trust (together, the Collateral Trusts ), at any point in time. 
 On a monthly basis, BAM deposits cash equal to ceded premiums net of ceding commissions, due to HG Re under the FLRT directly into the Regulation 114 Trust. The Regulation 114 Trust target balance is equal to HG Re s unearned premiums and unpaid loss and LAE reserves, if any. If, at the end of any quarter, the Regulation 114 Trust balance is below the target balance, funds will be withdrawn from the Supplemental Trust and deposited into the Regulation 114 Trust in an amount equal to the shortfall. If, at the end of any quarter, the Regulation 114 Trust balance is above of the target balance, funds will be withdrawn from the Regulation 114 Trust and deposited into the Supplemental Trust. The Regulation 114 Trust balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million. 
 The Supplemental Trust target balance is million, less the amount of cash and securities in the Regulation 114 Trust in excess of its target balance (the Supplemental Trust Target Balance ). If, at the end of any quarter, the Supplemental Trust balance exceeds the Supplemental Trust Target Balance, such excess may be distributed to HG Re. The distribution will be made first as an assignment of accrued interest on the BAM Surplus Notes and second in cash and/or fixed income securities. 
 As the BAM Surplus Notes are repaid over time, the BAM Surplus Notes will be replaced in the Supplemental Trust by cash and fixed income securities. The Supplemental Trust balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Collateral Trusts held assets of million and million, which included million and million of cash, investments and accrued investment income, million and million of BAM Surplus Notes and million and million of accrued interest receivable on the BAM Surplus Notes. 
 
 36 

basis points, set annually, with each payment applied pro rata between outstanding principal and interest. Accordingly, in 2024 the interest rate on the BAM Surplus Notes was through June 30, 2024. Effective July 1, 2024 and through maturity, HG Global and BAM amended the interest rate on the BAM Surplus Notes to be , with a higher proportion of each payment to be applied to outstanding principal. 
 Under its agreements with HG Global, BAM is required to seek regulatory approval to pay principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes only to the extent that its remaining qualified statutory capital and other capital resources continue to support its outstanding obligations, its business plan and its AA/stable rating from Standard Poor s. No payment of principal or interest on the BAM Surplus Notes may be made without the approval of the NYDFS. 
 In May 2024, BAM made a million cash payment of principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes held by HG Global. Of this payment, million was a repayment of principal held in the Supplemental Trust, million was a payment of accrued interest held in the Supplemental Trust and million was a payment of accrued interest held outside the Supplemental Trust. 
 In December 2023, BAM made a million cash payment of principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes held by HG Global. Of this payment, million was a repayment of principal held in the Supplemental Trust, million was a payment of accrued interest held in the Supplemental Trust and million was a payment of accrued interest held outside the Supplemental Trust. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, BAM made repayments of the BAM Surplus Notes or accrued interest. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance on the BAM Surplus Notes was million and million and total interest receivable on the BAM Surplus Notes was million and million. 
 Prior to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024, the BAM Surplus Notes, including accrued interest receivable, were classified as intercompany notes carried at nominal value, which eliminated in consolidation. Upon deconsolidation, White Mountains elected the fair value option for the BAM Surplus Notes. As of July 1, 2024 and September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes was million and million. The difference between the nominal value of the BAM Surplus Notes and the fair value as of July 1, 2024 was recorded as an unrealized loss on deconsolidation in the third quarter of 2024. This loss includes the impact of a discount for the time value of money, which was previously included in adjusted book value per share as a non-GAAP adjustment to book value per share. 
 Subsequent to the deconsolidation, White Mountains values the BAM Surplus Notes each quarter using a discounted cash flow analysis. The BAM Surplus Notes are classified as Level 3 measurements. The discounted cash flow analysis used to value the BAM Surplus Notes depends on key inputs, such as projections of future revenues and earnings for BAM, expected payments on the BAM Surplus Notes through maturity and a discount rate to reflect time value and related uncertainty of the repayment pattern. The expected payments on the BAM Surplus Notes are based on management judgment, considering current performance, budgets and projected future results. These expected payments depend on BAM s ability to generate excess cash flows from its operations, driven primarily by assumptions regarding future trends for the issuance of municipal bonds, interest rates, credit spreads, insured market penetration, competitive activity in the market for municipal bond insurance and other factors affecting the demand for and pricing of BAM s municipal bond insurance. The discount rate considers comparably-rated companies and instruments, adjusted for risks specific to BAM and the BAM Surplus Notes. As of July 1, 2024 and September 30, 2024, White Mountains concluded that a discount rate, which is a significant unobservable input used in estimating the fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes, of and was appropriate. The change in the discount rate in the quarter was driven by a decline in market interest rates. 
 Subsequent to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024, White Mountains recognized a gain of million related to the change in fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

37 

Remaining weighted average contract period (in years) (1) 
 (2) 
 Outstanding first loss exposure from policies assumed (in millions) (1) 
 (3) 
 Gross unearned insurance premiums (in millions) (4) 
 
 (1) Under the FLRT, HG Re provides first loss protection of up to 15 -of-par outstanding for each policy assumed from BAM. For capital appreciation bonds, par is adjusted to the estimated equivalent par value for current interest paying bonds. Accordingly, HG Re has no exposure to future interest outstanding and HG Re s remaining weighted average contract period is calculated using its outstanding first loss exposure from policies assumed. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2023, which was prior to the deconsolidation of BAM, HG Global/BAM s remaining weighted average contract period was years, calculated using HG Global/BAM s total contractual debt service outstanding, including principal and interest. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2023, which was prior to the deconsolidation of BAM, HG Global/BAM s total contractual debt service outstanding was , split between principal of and interest of . 
 (4) As of December 31, 2023, which was prior to the deconsolidation of BAM, HG Global/BAM s gross unearned insurance premiums was . 
 
 January 1, 2025 - March 31, 2025 April 1, 2025 - June 30, 2025 July 1, 2025 - September 30, 2025 October 1, 2025 - December 31, 2025 Total 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total gross unearned insurance premiums 
 Assumed Gross written premiums (1) 
 Earned premiums: Direct Assumed Gross earned premiums (1) 
 
 (1) There are no ceded premium amounts in the periods presented, such that gross written premiums and gross earned premiums are equivalent to net written premiums and net earned premiums, respectively. 
 38 

Assumed ) Gross written premiums (1) 
 ) Earned premiums: Direct Assumed ) Gross earned premiums (1) 
 ) 
 (1) There are no ceded premium amounts in the periods presented, such that gross written premiums and gross earned premiums are equivalent to net written premiums and net earned premiums, respectively. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Millions HG Global BAM Eliminations Total Written premiums: Direct Assumed ) Gross written premiums (1) 
 ) Earned premiums: Direct Assumed ) Gross earned premiums (1) 
 ) 
 (1) There are no ceded premium amounts in the periods presented, such that gross written premiums and gross earned premiums are equivalent to net written premiums and net earned premiums, respectively. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Millions HG Global BAM Eliminations Total Written premiums: Direct Assumed ) Gross written premiums (1) 
 ) Earned premiums: Direct Assumed ) Gross earned premiums (1) 
 ) 
 (1) There are no ceded premium amounts in the periods presented, such that gross written premiums and gross earned premiums are equivalent to net written premiums and net earned premiums, respectively. 
 
 39 

Note 11. 
 Allocation of (earnings) losses to participating restricted 
 common shares (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Basic and diluted earnings (losses) per share numerators Basic earnings per share denominators (in thousands): Total average common shares outstanding during the period Average unvested restricted common shares (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Basic earnings (losses) per share denominator Diluted earnings per share denominator (in thousands): Total average common shares outstanding during the period Average unvested restricted common shares (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Diluted earnings (losses) per share denominator Basic and diluted earnings per share (in dollars): Distributed earnings - dividends declared and paid Undistributed earnings (losses) Basic and diluted earnings (losses) per share 
 (1) Restricted shares issued by White Mountains receive dividends, and therefore, are considered participating securities. 
 (2) Restricted shares outstanding vest upon a stated date. See Note 12 Employee Share-Based Incentive Compensation Plans. 
 
 Dividends declared, net of restricted common share amounts (1) 
 ) ) Total undistributed net earnings (losses), net of restricted common share amounts 
 (1) Restricted shares issued by White Mountains receive dividends, and therefore, are considered participating securities. 
 
 40 

Note 12. 
 service period, are subject to the attainment of pre-specified performance goals, and are valued based on the market value of common shares at the time awards are paid. Performance shares earned under the WTM Incentive Plan are typically paid in cash but may be paid in common shares. Compensation expense is recognized for the vested portion of the awards over the related service periods. The level of payout ranges from to times the number of shares initially granted, depending on White Mountains s financial performance. Performance shares become payable at the conclusion of a performance cycle (typically if pre-defined financial targets are met. The performance measures used for determining performance share payouts are growth in White Mountains s adjusted book value per share and intrinsic value per share. Intrinsic value per share is generally calculated by adjusting adjusted book value per share for differences between the adjusted book value of certain assets and liabilities and White Mountains s estimate of their underlying intrinsic values. 
 Shares paid (1) (2) 
 ) ) ) ) New grants Forfeitures and cancellations (3) 
 ) ) Expense recognized End of period 
 (1) WTM performance share payments for the 2021-2023 performance cycle were made in March 2024 at of target. 
 (2) WTM performance share payments for the 2020-2022 performance cycle were made in March 2023 at of target. 
 (3) Amounts include changes in assumed forfeitures, as required under GAAP. 

41 

performance shares for the 2024-2026 performance cycle. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains granted performance shares for the 2023-2025 performance cycle. 
 For the 2021-2023 performance cycle, the Company issued common shares for performance shares earned, and all other performance shares earned were settled in cash. For the 2020-2022 performance cycle, all performance shares earned were settled in cash. If all outstanding performance shares had vested on September 30, 2024, the total additional compensation cost to be recognized would have been million, based on accrual factors as of September 30, 2024 (common share price and payout assumptions). 
 2023 2025 2024 2026 Sub-total Assumed forfeitures ) ) Total 
 
 Restricted Shares 
 
 Restricted shares are grants of a specified number of common shares that generally vest at the end of a service period. 
 
 Issued Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Expense recognized ) ) ) ) End of period 
 restricted shares that vest on January 1, 2027. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains issued restricted shares that vest on January 1, 2026. The unamortized issue date fair value as of September 30, 2024 is expected to be recognized ratably over the remaining vesting periods. 
 42 

Note 13. 
 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 HG Global ) Kudu Bamboo Other various various Total, excluding BAM BAM (3) 
 ) Total noncontrolling interests 
 (1) The noncontrolling percentage represents the basic ownership interests held by noncontrolling shareholders with the exception of HG Global, for which the noncontrolling percentage represents the preferred share ownership held by noncontrolling shareholders. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Ark s noncontrolling equity includes and related to management s equity incentives. 
 (3) Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. Through June 30, 2024, BAM s results are attributed to noncontrolling interests in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 14. 
 reportable segments: (1) Ark/WM Outrigger, (2) HG Global, (3) Kudu and (4) Bamboo, with its remaining operating businesses, holding companies and other assets included in Other Operations. White Mountains has made its segment determination based on consideration of the following criteria: (i) the nature of the business activities of each of the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates; (ii) the manner in which the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates are organized; (iii) the existence of primary managers responsible for specific subsidiaries and affiliates; and (iv) the organization of information provided to the chief operating decision makers and the Board of Directors. Significant intercompany transactions among White Mountains s segments have been eliminated herein. 
 As a result of the Bamboo Transaction, White Mountains began consolidating Bamboo in its financial statements as of January 2, 2024. Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. Through June 30, 2024, BAM s assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests, as well as its results of operations, are presented within the HG Global segment. See Note 2 Significant Transactions. 
 43 

Net investment income (2) 
 Net realized and unrealized 
 investment gains (losses) (2) 
 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes Change in fair value of BAM Surplus Notes Unrealized loss on deconsolidation of BAM 
 ) ) Commission and fee revenues Other revenues Total revenues ) Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses Cost of sales Broker commission expenses General and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent consideration Interest expense Total expenses Pre-tax income (loss) ) 
 (1) Ark s earned insurance premiums based on the location of Ark s underwriting offices in the United Kingdom and Bermuda are and . 
 (2) Bamboo s net investment income and net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) are included in other revenues in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 44 

Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha ) ) Interest income (expense) from BAM Surplus Notes ) Commission and fee revenues Other revenues Total revenues ) ) Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses Cost of sales General and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent consideration Interest expense Total expenses Pre-tax income (loss) ) ) ) 
 (1) BAM manages its affairs on a statutory accounting basis. BAM s statutory surplus includes the BAM Surplus Notes and is not reduced by accruals of interest expense on the BAM Surplus Notes. BAM s statutory surplus is reduced only after a payment of principal or interest has been approved by the NYDFS. 
 (2) Ark s earned insurance premiums based on the location of Ark s underwriting offices in the United Kingdom and Bermuda are and . 
 
 45 

Net investment income (4) 
 Net realized and unrealized 
 investment gains (losses) (4) 
 ) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha Interest income (expense) from BAM Surplus Notes ) Change in fair value of BAM Surplus Notes Unrealized loss on deconsolidation of BAM 
 ) ) Commission and fee revenues Other revenues Total revenues ) ) Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses Cost of sales Broker commission expenses General and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 Interest expense Total expenses Pre-tax income (loss) ) ) 
 (1) Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. For the period from January 1, 2024 through June 30, 2024, BAM s results of operations are presented within the HG Global segment. 
 (2) BAM manages its affairs on a statutory accounting basis. BAM s statutory surplus includes the BAM Surplus Notes and is not reduced by accruals of interest expense on the BAM Surplus Notes. BAM s statutory surplus is reduced only after a payment of principal or interest has been approved by the NYDFS. 
 (3) Ark s earned insurance premiums based on the location of Ark s underwriting offices in the United Kingdom and Bermuda are and . 
 (4) Bamboo s net investment income and net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) are included in other revenues in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 46 

Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha ) ) Interest income (expense) from BAM Surplus Notes ) Commission and fee revenues Other revenues ) Total revenues ) Loss and loss adjustment expenses Acquisition expenses Cost of sales General and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent consideration Interest expense Total expenses Pre-tax income (loss) ) 
 (1) BAM manages its affairs on a statutory accounting basis. BAM s statutory surplus includes the BAM Surplus Notes and is not reduced by accruals of interest expense on the BAM Surplus Notes. BAM s statutory surplus is reduced only after a payment of principal or interest has been approved by the NYDFS. 
 (2) Ark s earned insurance premiums based on the location of Ark s underwriting offices in the United Kingdom and Bermuda are and . 

Note 15. 

47 

million were held in its collateral trust account. 
 
 BAM 
 
 BAM is the first and only mutual municipal bond insurance company in the United States. HG Global, together with its subsidiaries, funded the initial capitalization of BAM through the purchase of million of BAM Surplus Notes and, through its reinsurance subsidiary HG Re, provides first loss protection of up to -of-par outstanding for each policy assumed from BAM. As a mutual insurance company, BAM is owned by and operated for the benefit of its members, the municipalities whose debt issuances are insured by BAM. White Mountains has determined that BAM is a VIE. 
 BAM s underwriting process was determined to be the activity that most significantly impacts BAM s economic performance. BAM s underwriting guidelines define the types of credits that BAM may insure. Pursuant to the original FLRT, BAM s underwriting guidelines could only be amended with the consent of HG Re. As a result, White Mountains concluded at inception and through June 30, 2024 that it had the power to direct BAM s activities that most significantly impacted BAM s economic performance and it was the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, White Mountains was required to consolidate BAM s results in its financial statements. Since BAM is owned by its members, its equity and results of operations were included in noncontrolling interests. 
 On July 1, 2024, HG Re and BAM amended the terms of the FLRT with respect to certain governance rights held by HG Re. Under the amended FLRT, HG Re no longer has approval rights over changes to BAM s underwriting guidelines; however, HG Re is only required to provide reinsurance on policies that fall within the FLRT underwriting guidelines agreed upon by HG Re. In conjunction with the amendments to the FLRT, HG Global and BAM increased the interest rate on the BAM Surplus Notes to , with a higher proportion of each payment to be applied to outstanding principal prospectively. As a result, and in combination with other governance changes at BAM, White Mountains concluded that it no longer has the power to direct BAM s activities that most significantly impact its economic performance and is no longer BAM s primary beneficiary. Accordingly, as of July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. 
 BAM s assets can only be used to settle BAM s obligations, and general creditors of BAM have no recourse to the Company or HG Global. HG Re s obligations to BAM under the FLRT are subject to an aggregate limit equal to the assets in the Collateral Trusts at any point in time. As of September 30, 2024, the Collateral Trusts held assets of million. 
 
 PassportCard/DavidShield 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains s ownership interest in PassportCard/DavidShield was . In 2024, PassportCard/DavidShield restructured its organizational structure such that White Mountains and its co-investor no longer have a direct investment in PassportCard Limited. The restructuring did not change PassportCard/DavidShield s governance structure or White Mountains s economic rights with respect to its investment in PassportCard/DavidShield. White Mountains has determined that PassportCard/DavidShield is a VIE but that White Mountains is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate PassportCard/DavidShield. The governance structure for PassportCard/DavidShield was designed to give White Mountains and its co-investor equal power to make the decisions that most significantly impact its operations. White Mountains does not have the unilateral power to direct the operations of PassportCard/DavidShield and does not hold a controlling financial interest. White Mountains s ownership interest gives White Mountains the ability to exert significant influence over the significant financial and operating activities of PassportCard/DavidShield. Accordingly, White Mountains s investment in PassportCard/DavidShield meets the criteria to be accounted for under the equity method. White Mountains has taken the fair value option for its investment in PassportCard/DavidShield. Changes in the fair value of PassportCard/DavidShield are recorded in net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses). As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains s maximum exposure to loss on its equity investment in PassportCard/DavidShield and the non-interest-bearing loan to its co-investor is the total carrying value of million. 

48 

. White Mountains has determined that Elementum is a VIE but that White Mountains is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate Elementum. White Mountains s ownership interest gives White Mountains the ability to exert significant influence over the significant financial and operating activities of Elementum. Accordingly, Elementum meets the criteria to be accounted for under the equity method. White Mountains has taken the fair value option for its investment in Elementum. Changes in the fair value of Elementum are recorded in net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses). As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains s maximum exposure to loss on its limited partnership interest in Elementum is the carrying value of million. 
 
 Bamboo CRV 
 
 White Mountains has determined that Bamboo CRV is a VIE. White Mountains is the primary beneficiary of Bamboo CRV, as it has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Bamboo CRV s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive returns, that could potentially be significant to Bamboo CRV. As a result, White Mountains consolidates Bamboo CRV s results in its financial statements. The assets of Bamboo CRV can only be used to settle the liabilities of Bamboo CRV, and there is no recourse to the Company for any creditors of Bamboo CRV. As of September 30, 2024, Bamboo CRV s obligations under its reinsurance agreements are subject to an aggregate limit equal to White Mountains s total capital commitment of million. 
 
 Limited Partnerships 
 
 White Mountains s investments in limited partnerships are generally considered VIEs because the limited partnership interests do not have substantive kick-out rights or participating rights. White Mountains does not have the unilateral power to direct the operations of these limited partnerships, and therefore White Mountains is not the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate the limited partnerships. White Mountains has taken the fair value option for its investments in limited partnerships, which are generally measured at NAV as a practical expedient. As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains s maximum exposure to loss on its investments in limited partnerships is the carrying value of million. 

Note 16. 
 
 - 
 - 
 Investment in MediaAlpha PassportCard/DavidShield Elementum Other equity method eligible investments, at fair value Under 50.0 Under 50.0 Other equity method eligible investments, at fair value 50.0 and over 50.0 and over 
 (1) Ownership interest generally references basic ownership interest with the exception of Kudu s Participation Contracts, which are noncontrolling equity interests in the form of revenue and earnings participation contracts. 

49 

million and million, which were recorded within net investment income in the consolidated statements of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains received dividend and income distributions from equity method eligible investments of million and million. 

Note 17. 

Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes HG Global Senior Notes Kudu Credit Facility Other Operations debt 
 
 The fair value estimates for the Ark 2007 Subordinated Notes, Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes, HG Global Senior Notes, Kudu Credit Facility and Other Operations debt have been determined based on a discounted cash flow approach and are considered to be Level 3 measurements. 
 For the fair value level measurements associated with White Mountains s investment securities see Note 3 Investment Securities. For the fair value level measurements associated with White Mountains s derivative instruments see Note 9 Derivatives. For the fair value measurements associated with the BAM Surplus Notes, see Note 10 Municipal Bond Guarantee Reinsurance. 

Note 18. 

50 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. White Mountains intends statements that are not historical in nature, which are hereby identified as forward-looking statements, to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. White Mountains cannot promise that its expectations in such forward-looking statements will turn out to be correct. White Mountains s actual results could be materially different from and worse than its expectations. See FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS on page 90 for specific important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. 
 The following discussion also includes 11 non-GAAP financial measures: (i) adjusted book value per share, (ii) value of BAM Surplus Notes for adjusted book value purposes, (iii) Kudu s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), (iv) Kudu s adjusted EBITDA, (v) Bamboo s MGA pre-tax income (loss), (vi) Bamboo s MGA net income (loss), (vii) Bamboo s MGA EBITDA, (viii) Bamboo s MGA adjusted EBITDA, (ix) total consolidated portfolio returns excluding MediaAlpha, (x) adjusted capital and (xi) debt to total adjusted capital, that have been reconciled from their most comparable GAAP financial measures on page 86 . White Mountains believes these measures to be useful in evaluating White Mountains s financial performance and condition. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Overview 
 
 White Mountains reported book value per share of 1,795 and adjusted book value per share of 1,883 as of September 30, 2024. Book value per share and adjusted book value per share increased 4 and 6 in the third quarter of 2024 and 9 and 11 in the first nine months of 2024, including dividends. The increases in book value per share and adjusted book value per share in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 were driven primarily by mark-to-market gains from the increase in MediaAlpha s share price as well as solid operating results and good investment returns. White Mountains s undeployed capital was approximately 650 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. As of September 30, 2024, the BAM Surplus Notes were fair valued in accordance with GAAP at 411 million, which resulted in a pre-tax unrealized loss to book value of 99 million in the third quarter. As of June 30, 2024, for adjusted book value purposes, the BAM Surplus Notes were valued at 415 million, including an 87 million time value discount. 
 White Mountains reported book value per share of 1,542 and adjusted book value per share of 1,588 as of September 30, 2023. Book value per share and adjusted book value per share both increased 1 in the third quarter of 2023 and 6 in the first nine months of 2023, including dividends. The increases in book value per share and adjusted book value per share in the third quarter of 2023 were driven primarily by solid operating results and positive returns from other long-term investments, partially offset by the impact of mark-to-market losses from the decline in MediaAlpha s share price. The increases in book value per share and adjusted book value per share in the first nine months of 2023 were driven primarily 
 by solid operating results and positive returns across the investments portfolio excluding MediaAlpha, 
 partially offset by the impact of mark-to-market losses from the decline in MediaAlpha s share price. 
 The Ark/WM Outrigger segment s combined ratio was 77 and 84 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 77 and 83 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Ark/WM Outrigger reported gross written premiums of 374 million and 1,943 million, net written premiums of 339 million and 1,440 million and net earned premiums of 552 million and 1,173 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 251 million and 1,667 million, net written premiums of 231 million and 1,306 million and net earned premiums of 499 million and 1,047 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Ark/WM Outrigger reported pre-tax income of 141 million and 242 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 99 million and 193 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 Ark s combined ratio was 79 and 85 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 81 and 87 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Ark s combined ratio included 17 points and eight points of catastrophe losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, driven primarily by Hurricanes Helene, Debby and Beryl as well as Calgary hailstorms, compared to 11 points and seven points of catastrophe losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by Hurricane Idalia, the Maui wildfires and various smaller events. Ark s combined ratio in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 included five points and three points of net favorable prior year loss reserve development, primarily from property lines of business, compared to less than one point of net favorable prior year loss reserve development and two points of net unfavorable prior year loss reserve development in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 51 

Ark reported gross written premiums of 374 million and 1,943 million, net written premiums of 331 million and 1,358 million and net earned premiums of 507 million and 1,111 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 251 million and 1,667 million, net written premiums of 225 million and 1,198 million and net earned premiums of 438 million and 972 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Ark reported pre-tax income of 119 million and 202 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 62 million and 140 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Ark s results included net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) of 53 million and 84 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to (7) million and 36 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 WM Outrigger Re s combined ratio was 58 and 50 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 44 and 40 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Catastrophe losses in 2024 included Hurricanes Helene, Debby and Beryl as well as Calgary hailstorms. Major catastrophe losses affecting WM Outrigger Re in 2023 were minimal. WM Outrigger Re reported gross and net written premiums of 9 million and 82 million and net earned premiums of 45 million and 63 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to gross and net written premiums of 6 million and 108 million and net earned premiums of 61 million and 75 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Net earned premiums decreased due to White Mountains s lower capital commitment to WM Outrigger Re in 2024 compared to 2023. WM Outrigger Re reported pre-tax income of 22 million and 40 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 37 million and 53 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 Hurricane Milton represents a significant industry loss event in the fourth quarter. Industry estimates are preliminary and range widely. Ark does not currently expect that Milton losses will cause full year 2024 actual catastrophe losses for Ark/WM Outrigger to diverge materially from full year 2024 planned catastrophe losses. 
 HG Global reported gross written premiums of 14 million and 35 million and earned premiums of 8 million and 22 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 14 million and 32 million and earned premiums of 7 million and 19 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. HG Global reported gross written premiums net of ceding commission paid of 10 million and 24 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 10 million and 22 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. HG Global s total par value of policies assumed, which represents its first loss exposure on policies assumed from BAM, was 688 million and 2,012 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 644 million and 1,594 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. HG Global s total gross pricing was 203 and 171 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, compared to 220 and 200 basis points in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 Kudu reported total revenues of 47 million and 128 million, pre-tax income of 38 million and 101 million and adjusted EBITDA of 14 million and 41 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to total revenues of 26 million and 89 million, pre-tax income of 16 million and 62 million and adjusted EBITDA of 12 million and 34 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Kudu s revenues, pre-tax income and adjusted EBITDA included 17 million and 50 million of net investment income in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 15 million and 44 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. Kudu s revenues and pre-tax income also included 30 million and 78 million of net realized and unrealized gains in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 11 million and 45 million of net realized and unrealized gains in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. 
 Bamboo reported commission and fee revenues of 43 million and 97 million and pre-tax income of 16 million and 23 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. Bamboo reported MGA pre-tax income of 14 million and 21 million and MGA adjusted EBITDA of 19 million and 37 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. Managed premiums, which represent the total premium placed by Bamboo, were 148 million and 358 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to 71 million and 140 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 (prior to White Mountains s ownership of Bamboo). The increase in managed premiums was driven primarily by growth in new business volume as well as a growing renewal book. 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains owned 17.9 million shares of MediaAlpha, representing a 27 basic ownership interest (25 on a fully-diluted/fully-converted basis). As of September 30, 2024, MediaAlpha s share price was 18.11 per share, which increased from 13.17 per share as of June 30, 2024. The carrying value of White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha was 323 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 235 million at June 30, 2024. At White Mountains s current level of ownership, each 1.00 per share increase or decrease in the share price of MediaAlpha will result in an approximate 7.00 per share increase or decrease in White Mountains s book value per share and adjusted book value per share. 

52 

White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 4.6 in the third quarter of 2024, which included 88 million of unrealized investment gains from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 3.3 in the third quarter of 2024, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains and net investment income from the fixed income and other long-term investments portfolios. White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was -0.2 in the third quarter of 2023, which included 47 million of unrealized investment losses from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 0.6 in the third quarter of 2023, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains and net investment income from other long-term investments, partially offset by net unrealized investment losses on common equity securities. 
 White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 9.4 in the first nine months of 2024, which included 160 million of net realized and unrealized investment gains from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 6.9 in the first nine months of 2024, driven primarily by net realized and unrealized gains and net investment income from the fixed income and other-long term investments portfolios as well as unrealized investment gains from common equity securities. White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 5.3 in the first nine months of 2023, which included 39 million of unrealized investment losses from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 6.3 in the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by net realized and unrealized investment gains and net investment income from other long-term investments, net investment income from the fixed income portfolio and net realized and unrealized investment gains from common equity securities. 
 
 Adjusted Book Value Per Share 
 
 The following table presents White Mountains s book value per share and reconciles it to adjusted book value per share, a non-GAAP measure as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023. See NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES on page 86 . 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Book value per share numerators (in millions): White Mountains s common shareholders equity - GAAP book value per share numerator 4,610.6 4,422.6 4,240.5 3,949.1 HG Global s unearned premium reserve (1) 
 278.1 271.7 265.4 254.2 HG Global s net deferred acquisition costs (1) 
 (80.6) (78.5) (76.5) (73.1) Time value of money discount on expected future 
 payments on the BAM Surplus Notes (1) (2) 
 (84.7) (87.9) (90.2) Adjusted book value per share numerator 4,808.1 4,531.1 4,341.5 4,040.0 Book value per share denominators (in thousands of shares): Common shares outstanding - GAAP book value per share denominator 2,568.1 2,568.3 2,560.5 2,560.5 Unearned restricted common shares (15.0) (18.3) (12.4) (15.7) Adjusted book value per share denominator 2,553.1 2,550.0 2,548.1 2,544.8 GAAP book value per share 1,795.31 1,722.02 1,656.14 1,542.36 Adjusted book value per share 1,883.24 1,776.89 1,703.82 1,587.59 Year-to-date dividends paid per share 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 
 (1) Amount reflects White Mountains s preferred share ownership in HG Global of 96.9 . 
 (2) For periods subsequent to July 1, 2024, White Mountains carries the BAM Surplus Notes under GAAP at fair value, which incorporates time value into its estimate. 
 
 53 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 The following table presents goodwill and other intangible assets that are included in White Mountains s adjusted book value as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023: 
 Millions 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Goodwill: 
 Ark 
 116.8 116.8 116.8 116.8 Kudu 
 7.6 7.6 7.6 7.6 Bamboo (1) 
 270.4 270.4 Other Operations 
 44.4 44.4 44.4 44.4 Total goodwill 
 439.2 439.2 168.8 168.8 Other intangible assets: 
 Ark 
 175.7 175.7 175.7 175.7 Kudu 
 .4 .5 .7 .8 Bamboo (1) 
 88.6 92.6 Other Operations 
 21.8 23.0 25.4 26.8 Total other intangible assets 
 286.5 291.8 201.8 203.3 Total goodwill and other intangible assets (2) 
 725.7 731.0 370.6 372.1 Goodwill and other intangible assets attributed to noncontrolling interests (191.9) (193.2) (94.9) (95.2) Goodwill and other intangible assets included in White Mountains s common shareholders equity 533.8 537.8 275.7 276.9 
 (1) The relative fair values of goodwill and of other intangible assets recognized in connection with the acquisition of Bamboo had not yet been finalized at September 30, 2024. See Bamboo Transaction in Note 2 Significant Transactions on page 11 . 
 (2) See Note 4 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets on page 26 for details of other intangible assets. 
 54 

Summary of Consolidated Results 
 
 The following table presents White Mountains s consolidated financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues P C Insurance and Reinsurance revenues 633.4 512.8 1,333.5 1,123.3 Financial Guarantee revenues (54.8) (7.4) (31.2) 31.2 Asset Management revenues 47.2 26.3 128.1 89.4 P C Insurance Distribution revenues 55.7 128.8 Other Operations revenues 157.6 (12.1) 322.6 186.0 Total revenues 839.1 519.6 1,881.8 1,429.9 Expenses P C Insurance and Reinsurance expenses 492.6 414.0 1,091.3 930.6 Financial Guarantee expenses 8.0 23.4 54.5 66.8 Asset Management expenses 9.3 10.0 27.2 27.8 P C Insurance Distribution expenses 40.2 106.0 Other Operations expenses 49.5 51.1 165.4 167.1 Total expenses 599.6 498.5 1,444.4 1,192.3 Pre-tax income (loss) P C Insurance and Reinsurance pre-tax income (loss) 140.8 98.8 242.2 192.7 Financial Guarantee pre-tax income (loss) (62.8) (30.8) (85.7) (35.6) Asset Management pre-tax income (loss) 37.9 16.3 100.9 61.6 P C Insurance Distribution pre-tax income (loss) 15.5 22.8 Other Operations pre-tax income (loss) 108.1 (63.2) 157.2 18.9 Pre-tax income (loss) 239.5 21.1 437.4 237.6 Income tax (expense) benefit (11.6) (7.3) (28.9) (19.4) Net income (loss) 227.9 13.8 408.5 218.2 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (48.9) 9.8 (47.7) 4.5 Net income (loss) attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders 179.0 23.6 360.8 222.7 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 1.3 (1.7) 1.1 .9 Comprehensive income (loss) 180.3 21.9 361.9 223.6 Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (.5) .7 (.5) (.1) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders 179.8 22.6 361.4 223.5 

55 

I. SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS BY SEGMENT 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains conducted its operations through four segments: (1) Ark/WM Outrigger, (2) HG Global, (3) Kudu and (4) Bamboo, with its remaining operating businesses, holding companies and other assets included in Other Operations. White Mountains has made its segment determination based on consideration of the following criteria: (i) the nature of the business activities of each of the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates; (ii) the manner in which the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates are organized; (iii) the existence of primary managers responsible for specific subsidiaries and affiliates; and (iv) the organization of information provided to the Company s chief operating decision makers and its Board of Directors. Significant intercompany transactions among White Mountains s segments have been eliminated herein. White Mountains s segment information is presented in Note 14 Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As a result of the Bamboo Transaction, White Mountains began consolidating Bamboo in its financial statements as of January 2, 2024. Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. Through June 30, 2024, BAM s assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests, as well as its results of operations, are presented within the HG Global segment. See Note 2 - Significant Transactions . 
 
 Ark/WM Outrigger 
 
 The following tables present the components of pre-tax income (loss) included in the Ark/WM Outrigger segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 239.0 239.0 Assumed written premiums 134.6 8.8 (8.8) 134.6 Gross written premiums 373.6 8.8 (8.8) 373.6 Ceded written premiums (43.0) 8.8 (34.2) Net written premiums 330.6 8.8 339.4 Earned insurance premiums 507.2 45.0 552.2 Net investment income 21.3 3.0 24.3 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 53.2 53.2 Other revenues 3.7 3.7 Total revenues 585.4 48.0 633.4 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 275.1 13.2 288.3 Acquisition expenses 83.3 13.0 96.3 General and administrative expenses - other underwriting 40.3 40.3 General and administrative expenses - all other 28.6 28.6 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 34.2 34.2 Interest expense 4.9 4.9 Total expenses 466.4 26.2 492.6 Pre-tax income (loss) 119.0 21.8 140.8 
 56 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 189.4 189.4 Assumed written premiums 61.8 6.0 (6.0) 61.8 Gross written premiums 251.2 6.0 (6.0) 251.2 Ceded written premiums (26.2) 6.0 (20.2) Net written premiums 225.0 6.0 231.0 Earned insurance premiums 438.3 60.6 498.9 Net investment income 13.9 3.0 16.9 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) (6.6) (6.6) Other revenues 3.6 3.6 Total revenues 449.2 63.6 512.8 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 258.5 7.3 265.8 Acquisition expenses 71.0 19.3 90.3 General and administrative expenses - other underwriting 25.5 25.5 General and administrative expenses - all other 9.8 .1 9.9 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 17.0 17.0 Interest expense 5.5 5.5 Total expenses 387.3 26.7 414.0 Pre-tax income (loss) 61.9 36.9 98.8 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 863.4 863.4 Assumed written premiums 1,079.3 82.0 (82.0) 1,079.3 Gross written premiums 1,942.7 82.0 (82.0) 1,942.7 Ceded written premiums (584.5) 82.0 (502.5) Net written premiums 1,358.2 82.0 1,440.2 Earned insurance premiums 1,110.5 62.8 1,173.3 Net investment income 57.6 8.9 66.5 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 84.1 84.1 Other revenues 9.6 9.6 Total revenues 1,261.8 71.7 1,333.5 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 630.4 13.6 644.0 Acquisition expenses 212.9 17.9 230.8 General and administrative expenses - other underwriting 103.9 103.9 General and administrative expenses - all other 50.0 .1 50.1 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 47.5 47.5 Interest expense 15.0 15.0 Total expenses 1,059.7 31.6 1,091.3 Pre-tax income (loss) 202.1 40.1 242.2 
 57 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 727.1 727.1 Assumed written premiums 939.6 108.4 (108.4) 939.6 Gross written premiums 1,666.7 108.4 (108.4) 1,666.7 Ceded written premiums (468.7) 108.4 (360.3) Net written premiums 1,198.0 108.4 1,306.4 Earned insurance premiums 971.9 75.4 1,047.3 Net investment income 33.5 7.7 41.2 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 35.9 35.9 Other revenues (1.1) (1.1) Total revenues 1,040.2 83.1 1,123.3 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 573.2 7.9 581.1 Acquisition expenses 189.3 22.2 211.5 General and administrative expenses - other underwriting 78.5 78.5 General and administrative expenses - all other 26.8 .2 27.0 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 16.8 16.8 Interest expense 15.7 15.7 Total expenses 900.3 30.3 930.6 Pre-tax income (loss) 139.9 52.8 192.7 
 Ark/WM Outrigger Results Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The Ark/WM Outrigger segment s combined ratio was 77 in the third quarter of both 2024 and 2023. The Ark/WM Outrigger segment reported gross written premiums of 374 million, net written premiums of 339 million and net earned premiums of 552 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 251 million, net written premiums of 231 million and net earned premiums of 499 million in the third quarter of 2023. The Ark/WM Outrigger segment reported pre-tax income of 141 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 99 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Ark s combined ratio was 79 and 81 in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023. Ark s combined ratio in the third quarter of 2024 included 17 points of catastrophe losses, driven primarily by Hurricanes Helene, Debby and Beryl as well as Calgary hailstorms, compared to 11 points of catastrophe losses in the third quarter of 2023, which included losses from Hurricane Idalia, the Maui wildfires and various smaller events. Ark s combined ratio in the third quarter of 2024 included five points of net favorable prior year loss reserve development, primarily due to property lines of business, compared to less than one point of net favorable prior year loss reserve development in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Ark reported gross written premiums of 374 million, net written premiums of 331 million and net earned premiums of 507 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 251 million, net written premiums of 225 million and net earned premiums of 438 million in the third quarter of 2023. Ark reported pre-tax income of 119 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 62 million in the third quarter of 2023. Ark s results included net realized and unrealized investment gains of 53 million in the third quarter of 2024, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains from fixed maturity securities due to the decrease in interest rates, compared to net realized and unrealized investment losses 7 million in the third quarter of 2023, driven primarily by the impact of foreign currency on its investment portfolio. Ark s results also included 34 million for an increase in the fair value of its contingent consideration liability in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 17 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 WM Outrigger Re s combined ratio was 58 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 44 in the third quarter of 2023. Catastrophe losses in 2024 included Hurricanes Helene, Debby and Beryl as well as Calgary hailstorms. Major catastrophe losses affecting WM Outrigger Re in 2023 were minimal. WM Outrigger Re reported gross and net written premiums of 9 million and net earned premiums of 45 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 6 million and 61 million in the third quarter of 2023. Net earned premiums decreased due to White Mountains s lower capital commitment to WM Outrigger Re in 2024 compared to 2023. WM Outrigger Re reported pre-tax income of 22 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 37 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 58 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 in Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Insurance premiums: Gross written premiums 373.6 8.8 (8.8) 373.6 Net written premiums 330.6 8.8 339.4 Net earned premiums 507.2 45.0 552.2 Insurance expenses: Loss and loss adjustment expenses 275.1 13.2 288.3 Acquisition expenses 83.3 13.0 96.3 Other underwriting expenses (1) 
 40.3 40.3 Total insurance expenses 398.7 26.2 424.9 Insurance ratios: Loss and loss adjustment expense 54.2 29.3 52.2 Acquisition expense 16.4 28.9 17.4 Other underwriting expense 7.9 7.3 Combined Ratio 78.5 58.2 76.9 
 (1) Included within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 in Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Insurance premiums: Gross written premiums 251.2 6.0 (6.0) 251.2 Net written premiums 225.0 6.0 231.0 Net earned premiums 438.3 60.6 498.9 Insurance expenses: Loss and loss adjustment expenses 258.5 7.3 265.8 Acquisition expenses 71.0 19.3 90.3 Other underwriting expenses (1) 
 25.5 25.5 Total insurance expenses 355.0 26.6 381.6 Insurance ratios: Loss and loss adjustment expense 59.0 12.0 53.3 Acquisition expense 16.2 31.8 18.1 Other underwriting expense 5.8 5.1 Combined Ratio 81.0 43.8 76.5 
 (1) Included within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 59 

The following table presents WM Outrigger Re s insurance premiums, combined ratio and pre-tax income by underwriting year for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in Millions 2024 Underwriting Year 2023 Underwriting Year Total 2023 Underwriting Year Insurance premiums: Gross written premiums 8.6 .2 8.8 6.0 Net written premiums 8.6 .2 8.8 6.0 Net earned premiums 44.7 .3 45.0 60.6 Combined Ratio 58.2 61.3 58.2 43.8 Pre-tax income 21.7 0.1 21.8 36.9 
 
 Gross Written Premiums 
 Gross written premiums increased 49 to 374 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 251 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in gross written premiums was driven primarily by the property, specialty and casualty lines of business, aided by the addition of new underwriters and product lines. Risk adjusted rate change decreased less than 1 in the quarter. The following table presents the Ark/WM Outrigger segment s gross written premiums by line of business for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 Property 186.9 123.9 Specialty 69.6 39.1 Marine Energy 57.8 49.0 Casualty 43.4 27.3 Accident Health 15.9 11.9 Total Gross Written Premiums 373.6 251.2 
 Ark/WM Outrigger Results Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The Ark/WM Outrigger segment s combined ratio was 84 and 83 in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. The Ark/WM Outrigger segment reported gross written premiums of 1,943 million, net written premiums of 1,440 million and net earned premiums of 1,173 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 1,667 million, net written premiums of 1,306 million and net earned premiums of 1,047 million in the first nine months of 2023. The Ark/WM Outrigger segment reported pre-tax income of 242 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 193 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Ark s combined ratio was 85 and 87 in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. Ark s combined ratio in the first nine months of 2024 included eight points of catastrophe losses, driven primarily by Hurricanes Helene, Debby and Beryl as well as Calgary hailstorms, compared to seven points of catastrophe losses in the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by Hurricane Idalia, the Maui wildfires and various smaller events. Non-catastrophe large losses in the first nine months of 2024 included 30 million related to three satellite losses, 19 million related to a political risk claim, 15 million related to the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore and 14 million related to tornado damage in Oklahoma, all on a net basis. Ark s combined ratio in the first nine months of 2024 included three points of net favorable prior year loss reserve development, primarily due to property lines of business, compared to two points of net unfavorable prior year loss reserve development in the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by Winter Storm Elliott and three large claims in the property and marine energy lines of business. 
 Ark reported gross written premiums of 1,943 million, net written premiums of 1,358 million and net earned premiums of 1,111 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 1,667 million, net written premiums of 1,198 million and net earned premiums of 972 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 60 

Ark reported pre-tax income of 202 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 140 million in the first nine months of 2023. Ark s results included net realized and unrealized investment gains of 84 million in the first nine months of 2024, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains from common equity securities and net unrealized investment gains from fixed maturity securities due to the decrease in interest rates, compared to 36 million in the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains from other long-term investments. Ark s results also included 48 million for an increase in the fair value of its contingent consideration liability in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 17 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 WM Outrigger Re s combined ratio was 50 and 40 in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. Catastrophe losses in 2024 included Hurricanes Helene, Debby and Beryl as well as Calgary hailstorms. Major catastrophe losses affecting WM Outrigger Re in 2023 were minimal. In the first nine months of 2024, WM Outrigger Re s combined ratio was 52 for underwriting year 2024 and 30 for underwriting year 2023. WM Outrigger Re reported gross and net written premiums of 82 million and net earned premiums of 63 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to gross and net written premiums of 108 million and net earned premiums of 75 million in the first nine months of 2023. Net earned premiums decreased due to White Mountains s lower capital commitment to WM Outrigger Re in 2024 compared to 2023. WM Outrigger Re reported pre-tax income of 40 million in the first nine months of 2024, of which 36 million was attributable to underwriting year 2024 and 4 million to underwriting year 2023, compared to 53 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 The following tables present the Ark/WM Outrigger segment s insurance premiums, insurance expenses and insurance ratios for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 in Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Insurance premiums: Gross written premiums 1,942.7 82.0 (82.0) 1,942.7 Net written premiums 1,358.2 82.0 1,440.2 Net earned premiums 1,110.5 62.8 1,173.3 Insurance expenses: Loss and loss adjustment expenses 630.4 13.6 644.0 Acquisition expenses 212.9 17.9 230.8 Other underwriting expenses (1) 
 103.9 103.9 Total insurance expenses 947.2 31.5 978.7 Insurance ratios: Loss and loss adjustment expense 56.8 21.7 54.9 Acquisition expense 19.2 28.5 19.7 Other underwriting expense 9.4 8.9 Combined Ratio 85.4 50.2 83.5 
 (1) Included within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 61 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 in Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations Total Insurance premiums: Gross written premiums 1,666.7 108.4 (108.4) 1,666.7 Net written premiums 1,198.0 108.4 1,306.4 Net earned premiums 971.9 75.4 1,047.3 Insurance expenses: Loss and loss adjustment expenses 573.2 7.9 581.1 Acquisition expenses 189.3 22.2 211.5 Other underwriting expenses (1) 
 78.5 78.5 Total insurance expenses 841.0 30.1 871.1 Insurance ratios: Loss and loss adjustment expense 59.0 10.5 55.5 Acquisition expense 19.5 29.4 20.2 Other underwriting expense 8.1 7.5 Combined Ratio 86.6 39.9 83.2 
 (1) Included within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 The following table presents WM Outrigger Re s insurance premiums, combined ratio and pre-tax income by underwriting year for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in Millions 2024 Underwriting Year 2023 Underwriting Year Total 2023 Underwriting Year Insurance premiums: Gross written premiums 81.8 .2 82.0 108.4 Net written premiums 81.8 .2 82.0 108.4 Net earned premiums 56.9 5.9 62.8 75.4 Combined Ratio 52.3 30.1 50.2 39.9 Pre-tax income 36.0 4.1 40.1 52.8 
 
 62 

Gross Written Premiums 
 Gross written premiums increased 17 to 1,943 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1,667 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase in gross written premiums was driven primarily by the property, marine energy and accident health lines of business, aided by the addition of new underwriters and product lines. Risk adjusted rate change was flat year-over-year. Growth in the marine energy and accident health lines of business was aided by the addition of new teams in London. The risk adjusted rate change on the Outrigger Re Ltd. portfolio of global property reinsurance was down 3 in the first nine months of 2024. The following table presents the Ark/WM Outrigger segment s gross written premiums by line of business for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 Property 943.6 809.4 Specialty 401.8 381.9 Marine Energy 398.3 332.3 Casualty 108.5 84.2 Accident Health 90.5 58.9 Total Gross Written Premiums 1,942.7 1,666.7 
 
 Ark/WM Outrigger Balance Sheets 
 The following tables present amounts from Ark and WM Outrigger Re that are contained within White Mountains s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations and Segment Adjustments Total Assets Fixed maturity investments, at fair value 1,461.2 1,461.2 Common equity securities, at fair value 435.6 435.6 Short-term investments, at fair value 379.2 199.9 579.1 Other long-term investments 544.8 544.8 Total investments 2,820.8 199.9 3,020.7 Cash 148.7 .1 148.8 Reinsurance recoverables 801.0 (53.0) 748.0 Insurance premiums receivable 993.0 28.3 (28.3) 993.0 Deferred acquisition costs 195.0 4.7 199.7 Goodwill and other intangible assets 292.5 292.5 Other assets 175.8 175.8 Total assets 5,426.8 233.0 (81.3) 5,578.5 Liabilities Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 2,133.0 28.0 (28.0) 2,133.0 Unearned insurance premiums 1,149.8 25.0 (25.0) 1,149.8 Debt 156.8 156.8 Reinsurance payable 258.5 (28.3) 230.2 Contingent consideration 141.5 141.5 Other liabilities 188.9 188.9 Total liabilities 4,028.5 53.0 (81.3) 4,000.2 Equity White Mountains s common shareholders equity 1,000.4 180.0 1,180.4 Noncontrolling interests 397.9 397.9 Total equity 1,398.3 180.0 1,578.3 Total liabilities and equity 5,426.8 233.0 (81.3) 5,578.5 
 63 

December 31, 2023 Millions Ark WM Outrigger Re Eliminations and Segment Adjustments Total Assets Fixed maturity investments, at fair value 866.8 866.8 Common equity securities, at fair value 400.6 400.6 Short-term investments, at fair value 697.5 265.3 962.8 Other long-term investments 440.9 440.9 Total investments 2,405.8 265.3 2,671.1 Cash 90.2 .3 90.5 Reinsurance recoverables 463.3 (21.3) 442.0 Insurance premiums receivable 612.2 27.7 (27.7) 612.2 Deferred acquisition costs 144.3 1.0 145.3 Goodwill and other intangible assets 292.5 292.5 Other assets 125.0 125.0 Total assets 4,133.3 294.3 (49.0) 4,378.6 Liabilities Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 1,605.1 15.6 (15.6) 1,605.1 Unearned insurance premiums 743.6 5.7 (5.7) 743.6 Debt 185.5 185.5 Reinsurance payable 108.8 (27.7) 81.1 Contingent consideration 94.0 94.0 Other liabilities 166.8 166.8 Total liabilities 2,903.8 21.3 (49.0) 2,876.1 Equity White Mountains s common shareholders equity 892.6 273.0 1,165.6 Noncontrolling interests 336.9 336.9 Total equity 1,229.5 273.0 1,502.5 Total liabilities and equity 4,133.3 294.3 (49.0) 4,378.6 

64 

HG Global 
 
 The following tables present the components of pre-tax income (loss) included in the HG Global segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The HG Global segment consists of HG Global, which includes HG Re and its other wholly-owned subsidiaries, and, prior to its deconsolidation on July 1, 2024, BAM. Through June 30, 2024, BAM s results of operations are presented within the HG Global segment. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Millions HG Global Direct written premiums Assumed written premiums 14.0 Gross written premiums 14.0 Ceded written premiums Net written premiums 14.0 Earned insurance premiums 7.5 Net investment income 6.0 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 22.5 Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes 7.9 Change in fair value of BAM Surplus Notes 15.8 Unrealized loss on deconsolidation of BAM (114.5) Other revenues Total revenues (54.8) Acquisition expenses 1.9 General and administrative expenses .3 Interest expense (1) 
 6.1 Total expenses 8.3 Pre-tax income (loss) (63.1) 
 (1) Amount includes 0.3 of intercompany interest expense that is eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, HG Global s intercompany interest expense included within the HG Global segment is eliminated against the offsetting intercompany interest income included within Other Operations. 
 
 65 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Millions HG Global BAM Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 16.5 16.5 Assumed written premiums 14.2 (14.2) Gross written premiums 14.2 16.5 (14.2) 16.5 Ceded written premiums (14.2) 14.2 Net written premiums 14.2 2.3 16.5 Earned insurance premiums 6.6 1.3 7.9 Net investment income 4.3 3.8 8.1 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) (13.6) (10.5) (24.1) Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes 6.6 (6.6) Other revenues .7 .7 Total revenues 3.9 (4.7) (6.6) (7.4) Acquisition expenses 2.0 .1 2.1 General and administrative expenses .5 17.0 17.5 Interest expense (1) 
 3.9 3.9 Interest expense from BAM Surplus Notes 6.6 (6.6) Total expenses 6.4 23.7 (6.6) 23.5 Pre-tax income (loss) (2.5) (28.4) (30.9) Supplemental information: MSC collected (2) 
 19.9 19.9 
 (1) Amount includes 0.1 of intercompany interest expense that is eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, HG Global s intercompany interest expense included within the HG Global segment is eliminated against the offsetting intercompany interest income included within Other Operations. 
 (2) MSC collected are recorded directly to BAM s equity, which was recorded as noncontrolling interest on White Mountains s balance sheet through June 30, 2024. 
 66 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Millions HG Global BAM (1) 
 Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 24.1 24.1 Assumed written premiums 34.5 (20.5) 14.0 Gross written premiums 34.5 24.1 (20.5) 38.1 Ceded written premiums (20.5) 20.5 Net written premiums 34.5 3.6 38.1 Earned insurance premiums 21.5 2.8 24.3 Net investment income 17.3 8.8 26.1 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 13.2 (5.1) 8.1 Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes 21.1 (13.2) 7.9 Change in fair value of BAM Surplus Notes 15.8 15.8 Unrealized loss on deconsolidation of BAM (114.5) (114.5) Other revenues 1.1 1.1 Total revenues (25.6) 7.6 (13.2) (31.2) Acquisition expenses 5.9 .4 6.3 General and administrative expenses (2) 
 1.0 33.5 34.5 Interest expense (3) 
 14.2 14.2 Interest expense from BAM Surplus Notes 13.2 (13.2) Total expenses 21.1 47.1 (13.2) 55.0 Pre-tax income (loss) (46.7) (39.5) (86.2) Supplemental information: MSC collected (4) 
 26.0 26.0 
 (1) Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. For the period from January 1, 2024 through June 30, 2024, BAM s results of operations are presented within the HG Global segment. 
 (2) Amount includes (0.3) of intercompany general and administrative expenses that are eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, HG Global s intercompany general and administrative expenses included within the HG Global segment are eliminated against the offsetting intercompany general and administrative expenses included within Other Operations. 
 (3) Amount includes 0.8 of intercompany interest expense that is eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, HG Global s intercompany interest expense included within the HG Global segment is eliminated against the offsetting intercompany interest income included within Other Operations. 
 (4) MSC collected are recorded directly to BAM s equity, which was recorded as noncontrolling interest on White Mountains s balance sheet through June 30, 2024. 
 67 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Millions HG Global BAM Eliminations Total Direct written premiums 37.3 37.3 Assumed written premiums 31.9 (31.9) Gross written premiums 31.9 37.3 (31.9) 37.3 Ceded written premiums (31.9) 31.9 Net written premiums 31.9 5.4 37.3 Earned insurance premiums 19.4 3.9 23.3 Net investment income 12.4 10.5 22.9 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) (11.4) (5.6) (17.0) Interest income from BAM Surplus Notes 19.7 (19.7) Other revenues 2.0 2.0 Total revenues 40.1 10.8 (19.7) 31.2 Acquisition expenses 5.6 .7 6.3 General and administrative expenses 1.9 47.8 49.7 Interest expense (3) 
 11.1 11.1 Interest expense from BAM Surplus Notes 19.7 (19.7) Total expenses 18.6 68.2 (19.7) 67.1 Pre-tax income (loss) 21.5 (57.4) (35.9) Supplemental information: MSC collected (2) 
 46.4 46.4 
 (1) Amount includes 0.3 of intercompany interest expense that is eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, HG Global s intercompany interest expense included within the HG Global segment is eliminated against the offsetting intercompany interest income included within Other Operations. 
 (2) MSC collected are recorded directly to BAM s equity, which was recorded as noncontrolling interest on White Mountains s balance sheet through June 30, 2024. 
 
 HG Global Results Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. Upon deconsolidation, the BAM Surplus Notes, including accrued interest receivable, were fair valued in accordance with GAAP at 387 million, which resulted in an unrealized loss on deconsolidation of 115 million. As of September 30, 2024, the BAM Surplus Notes were fair valued at 411 million, which included accrued interest of 8 million and an increase in fair value of 16 million, driven by lower interest rates, during the third quarter of 2024. As of June 30, 2024, for adjusted book value purposes, the BAM Surplus Notes were valued at 415 million, including an 87 million time value discount. 
 HG Global reported gross written premiums of 14 million and earned premiums of 8 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 14 million and earned premiums of 7 million in the third quarter of 2023. HG Global reported gross written premiums net of ceding commission paid of 10 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 10 million in the third quarter of 2023. HG Global s total par value of policies assumed, which represents its first loss exposure on policies assumed from BAM, was 688 million in the third quarter of 2024, of which 582 million was in the primary market, compared to 644 million in the third quarter of 2023, of which 553 million was in the primary market. 
 HG Global s total gross pricing was 203 basis points in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 220 basis points in the third quarter of 2023. Pricing in the primary market increased to 168 basis points in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 156 basis points in the third quarter of 2023. Pricing in the secondary market, which is more transaction specific than pricing in the primary market, decreased to 396 basis points in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 611 basis points in the third quarter of 2023. Total pricing net of ceding commission paid decreased to 144 basis points in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 152 basis points in the third quarter of 2023. 
 68 

The following table presents HG Global s par value assumed, reinsurance premiums and pricing for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, HG Global 2024 2023 Par value assumed: Par value of primary market policies assumed (1) 
 582.3 552.7 Par value of secondary market policies assumed (1) 
 106.1 91.6 Total par value of policies assumed 688.4 644.3 Reinsurance premiums: Gross written premiums from primary market 9.8 8.6 Gross written premiums from secondary market 4.2 5.6 Total gross written premiums 14.0 14.2 Ceding commission paid 4.1 4.4 Total gross written premiums net of ceding commission paid 9.9 9.8 Earned premiums 7.5 6.6 Pricing: Gross pricing from primary market 168 bps 156 bps Gross pricing from secondary market 396 bps 611 bps Total gross pricing 203 bps 220 bps Total pricing net of ceding commission paid 144 bps 152 bps 
 1) For capital appreciation bonds, par is adjusted to the estimated equivalent par value for current interest paying bonds. 
 
 HG Global reported pre-tax loss of 63 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3 million in the third quarter of 2023 . HG Global s results in the third quarter of 2024 included the loss on deconsolidation of 115 million, partially offset by the increase in fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes of 16 million. HG Global s results in the third quarter of 2024 included net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) on its fixed income portfolio of 23 million, compared to (14) million in the third quarter of 2023 , driven by the movement of interest rates in each period. HG Global s res ults in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 included interest income on the BAM Surplus Notes of 8 million and 7 million. 
 
 HG Global Results Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 HG Global reported gross written premiums of 35 million and earned premiums of 22 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to gross written premiums of 32 million and earned premiums of 19 million in the first nine months of 2023. HG Global reported gross written premiums net of ceding commission paid of 24 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 22 million in the first nine months of 2023. HG Global s total par value of policies assumed, which represents its first loss exposure on policies assumed from BAM, was 2,012 million in the first nine months of 2024, of which 1,760 million was in the primary market, compared to 1,594 million in the first nine months of 2023, of which 1,311 million was in the primary market. 
 69 

HG Global s total gross pricing was 171 basis points in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 200 basis points in the first nine months of 2023. Pricing in the primary market decreased to 133 basis points in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 148 basis points in the first nine months of 2023, due to tighter municipal bond spreads and the volume of large higher-credit issuances that BAM insured. Pricing in the secondary market, which is more transaction specific than pricing in the primary market, decreased to 437 basis points in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 442 basis points in the first nine months of 2023. Total pricing net of ceding commission paid decreased to 121 basis points in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 139 basis points in the first nine months of 2023. 
 The following table presents HG Global s par value assumed, reinsurance premiums and pricing for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, HG Global 2024 2023 Par value assumed: Par value of primary market policies assumed (1) 
 1,760.3 1,310.8 Par value of secondary market policies assumed (1) 
 252.0 283.1 Total par value of policies assumed 2,012.3 1,593.9 Reinsurance premiums: Gross written premiums from primary market 23.5 19.4 Gross written premiums from secondary market 11.0 12.5 Total gross written premiums 34.5 31.9 Ceding commission paid 10.1 9.7 Total gross written premiums net of ceding commission paid 24.4 22.2 Earned premiums 21.5 19.4 Pricing: Gross pricing from primary market 133 bps 148 bps Gross pricing from secondary market 437 bps 442 bps Total gross pricing 171 bps 200 bps Total pricing net of ceding commission paid 121 bps 139 bps 
 1) For capital appreciation bonds, par is adjusted to the estimated equivalent par value for current interest paying bonds. 
 
 HG Global reported pre-tax income (loss) of (47) million in the nine months of 2024 compared to 22 million in the first nine months of 2023. HG Global s results in the first nine months of 2024 included the loss on deconsolidation of 115 million, partially offset by the increase in fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes of 16 million. HG Global s results in the first nine months of 2024 included net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) on its fixed income portfolio of 13 million compared to (11) million in the first nine months of 2023, driven by the movement of interest rates in each period. HG Global s results in the first nine months of 2024 included interest income on the BAM Surplus Notes of 21 million compared to 20 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 70 

HG Global Balance Sheets 
 The following tables present amounts for the HG Global segment that are presented within White Mountains s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The HG Global segment consists of HG Global, which includes HG Re and its other wholly-owned subsidiaries, and, prior to its deconsolidation on July 1, 2024, BAM. Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. Through June 30, 2024, BAM s assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interests are presented within the HG Global segment. 
 September 30, 2024 Millions HG Global Assets Fixed maturity investments, at fair value 636.1 Short-term investments, at fair value 34.6 Total investments 670.7 Cash 1.2 BAM Surplus Notes, at fair value (1) 
 411.1 Insurance premiums receivable 7.9 Deferred acquisition costs 83.2 Other assets 27.8 Total assets 1,201.9 Liabilities Preferred dividends payable to White Mountains (2) 
 446.4 Preferred dividends payable to noncontrolling interests 13.7 Unearned insurance premiums 287.0 Debt 147.3 Intercompany debt (2) 
 12.6 Accrued incentive compensation 1.1 Other liabilities 4.8 Total liabilities 912.9 Equity White Mountains s common shareholders equity (2) 
 298.3 Noncontrolling interests (9.3) Total equity 289.0 Total liabilities and equity 1,201.9 
 (1) The fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes includes accrued interest receivable. 
 (2) HG Global s preferred dividends payable to White Mountains of 446.4 and intercompany debt of 12.6 are eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, these amounts are included within the HG Global segment and are eliminated against the offsetting receivables included within Other Operations. After intercompany eliminations, HG Global s total equity attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders is 757.3. 
 
 71 

December 31, 2023 Millions HG Global BAM Eliminations and Segment Adjustments Total Segment Assets Fixed maturity investments, at fair value 573.3 439.0 1,012.3 Short-term investments, at fair value 42.7 27.9 70.6 Total investments 616.0 466.9 1,082.9 Cash 3.2 3.5 6.7 BAM Surplus Notes, at nominal value 322.2 (322.2) Accrued interest receivable on BAM Surplus Notes, at nominal value 174.5 (174.5) Insurance premiums receivable 3.4 5.5 (3.4) 5.5 Deferred acquisition costs 79.0 40.1 (79.0) 40.1 Other assets 23.0 14.0 (.2) 36.8 Total assets 1,221.3 530.0 (579.3) 1,172.0 Liabilities BAM Surplus Notes, at nominal value (1) 
 322.2 (322.2) Accrued interest payable on BAM Surplus Notes, at nominal 
 value (2) 
 174.5 (174.5) Preferred dividends payable to White Mountains (3) 
 399.8 399.8 Preferred dividends payable to noncontrolling interests 14.7 14.7 Unearned insurance premiums 273.9 51.9 325.8 Debt 146.9 146.9 Intercompany debt (3) 
 4.0 4.0 Accrued incentive compensation 1.6 25.6 27.2 Other liabilities 4.1 95.6 (82.6) 17.1 Total liabilities 845.0 669.8 (579.3) 935.5 Equity White Mountains s common shareholders equity (3) 
 375.5 375.5 Noncontrolling interests .8 (139.8) (139.0) Total equity 376.3 (139.8) 236.5 Total liabilities and equity 1,221.3 530.0 (579.3) 1,172.0 
 (1) Under GAAP, the BAM Surplus Notes were classified as debt prior to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024. Under U.S. Statutory accounting, they are classified as policyholders surplus. 
 (2) Under GAAP, interest accrues daily on the BAM Surplus Notes. Under U.S. Statutory accounting, interest is not accrued on the BAM Surplus Notes until it has been approved for payment by insurance regulators. 
 (3) HG Global s preferred dividends payable to White Mountains of 399.8 and intercompany debt of 4.0 are eliminated in White Mountains s consolidated financial statements. For segment reporting, these amounts are included within the HG Global segment and are eliminated against the offsetting receivables included within Other Operations. After intercompany eliminations, HG Global s total equity attributable to White Mountains s common shareholders is 779.3. 
 
 72 

Kudu 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Kudu had deployed a total of 885 million, including transaction costs, into 25 asset and wealth management firms globally, including three that have been exited. As of September 30, 2024, the asset and wealth management firms had combined assets under management AUM of approximately 117 billion, spanning a range of asset classes, including real estate, wealth management, hedge funds, private equity and alternative credit strategies. Kudu s capital was deployed at an average gross cash yield at inception of approximately 10 based on expected cash flows in the first year following deployment. 
 The following table presents the components of GAAP net income (loss), EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA included in the Kudu segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net investment income (1) 
 17.2 15.1 50.1 44.0 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 29.5 11.2 77.5 45.4 Other revenues .5 .5 Total revenues 47.2 26.3 128.1 89.4 General and administrative expenses 3.6 4.5 10.5 12.3 Interest expense 5.7 5.5 16.7 15.5 Total expenses 9.3 10.0 27.2 27.8 GAAP pre-tax income (loss) 37.9 16.3 100.9 61.6 Income tax (expense) benefit (9.2) (4.6) (18.3) (13.9) GAAP net income (loss) 28.7 11.7 82.6 47.7 Add back: Interest expense 5.7 5.5 16.7 15.5 Income tax expense (benefit) 9.2 4.6 18.3 13.9 Depreciation expense .1 .1 .1 .1 Amortization of other intangible assets .2 .2 EBITDA (2) 
 43.7 21.9 117.9 77.4 Exclude: Net realized and unrealized investment (gains) losses (29.5) (11.2) (77.5) (45.4) Transaction expenses .2 1.1 .3 2.4 Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 14.4 11.8 40.7 34.4 
 (1) Net investment income includes revenues from participation contracts and income from short-term and other long-term investments. 
 (2) See NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES on page 86 . 
 
 The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Kudu s Participation Contracts: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance of Kudu s Participation Contracts (1) 
 901.3 737.1 890.5 695.9 Contributions to Participation Contracts (2) 
 26.7 .2 144.1 Proceeds from Participation Contracts sold (2) (3) 
 (37.5) (110.4) Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 on Participation Contracts sold and pending sale (4) 
 (.6) (6.3) (1.8) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on 
 Participation Contracts - all other (5) 
 29.3 12.1 83.7 47.5 Ending balance of Kudu s Participation Contracts (1) 
 930.6 775.3 930.6 775.3 
 (1) As of September 30, 2023, January 1, 2024 and September 30, 2024, Kudu s other long-term investments also include 5.4, 5.8 and 6.2 related to a private debt instrument. 
 (2) Includes 35.8 of non-cash contributions to (proceeds from) Participation Contracts for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Includes 28.6 of proceeds receivable from Participation Contracts sold during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Includes net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) recognized from Participation Contracts beginning in the quarter a contract is classified as pending sale. 
 (5) Includes net unrealized investment gains (losses) recognized from (i) ongoing Participation Contracts and (ii) Participation Contracts prior to classification as pending sale. 
 73 

Kudu Results Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Kudu reported total revenues of 47 million, pre-tax income of 38 million and adjusted EBITDA of 14 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to total revenues of 26 million, pre-tax income of 16 million and adjusted EBITDA of 12 million in the third quarter of 2023. Total revenues, pre-tax income and adjusted EBITDA included 17 million of net investment income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 15 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in net investment income was driven primarily by amounts earned from new deployments that Kudu made subsequent to September 30, 2023 along with higher dividends from existing Participation Contracts due to growth in assets under management, partially offset by lower distributions from several underlying asset managers. Total revenues and pre-tax income also included 30 million of net realized and unrealized investment gains in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 11 million in the third quarter of 2023. Investment gains for the third quarter of 2024 were driven primarily by increases in the fair value of Kudu s Participation Contracts as a result of lower discount rates. Investment gains for the third quarter of 2023 were driven primarily by increases in the fair value of Kudu s Participation Contracts as a result of increased expected growth from certain underlying asset managers, partially offset by higher discount rates. 
 
 Kudu Results Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Kudu reported total revenues of 128 million, pre-tax income of 101 million and adjusted EBITDA of 41 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to total revenues of 89 million, pre-tax income of 62 million and adjusted EBITDA of 34 million in the first nine months of 2023. Total revenues, pre-tax income and adjusted EBITDA included 50 million of net investment income in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 44 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase in net investment income was driven primarily by amounts earned from new deployments that Kudu made subsequent to September 30, 2023 along with higher dividends from existing Participation Contracts due to growth in assets under management, partially offset by lower distributions from several underlying asset managers. Total revenues and pre-tax income also included 78 million of net realized and unrealized investment gains in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 45 million in the first nine months of 2023. Investment gains for the first nine months of 2024 were driven primarily by increases in the fair value of Kudu s Participation Contracts as a result of lower discount rates and increased growth at several underlying asset managers, partially offset by an unrealized loss from a publicly listed security received by Kudu in a prior sales transaction. Investment gains for the first nine months of 2023 were driven primarily by increases in the fair value of Kudu s Participation Contracts as a result of increased growth at several underlying asset managers, partially offset by an unrealized loss from a publicly listed security received by Kudu in a prior sales transaction. 

Bamboo 
 
 On January 2, 2024, White Mountains closed the Bamboo Transaction in accordance with the terms of the Bamboo Merger Agreement, investing 297 million of equity into Bamboo, which included the contribution of 36 million to retire Bamboo s legacy credit facility and the contribution of 20 million of primary capital. The consideration is subject to customary purchase price adjustments. At closing, White Mountains owned 72.8 of Bamboo on a basic shares outstanding basis (63.7 on a fully-diluted/fully-converted basis, taking account of management s equity incentives), while Bamboo management owned 16.1 of basic shares outstanding (26.6 on a fully-diluted/fully-converted basis). See Note 2 Significant Transactions. 
 Bamboo is a capital-light, tech- and data-enabled insurance distribution platform providing homeowners insurance and related products to the residential property market in California. Bamboo operates primarily through Bamboo MGA, its full-service MGA business, where the company manages all aspects of the placement process on behalf of its fronting and reinsurance partners, including product development, marketing, underwriting, policy issuance and claims oversight, and it earns commissions based on the volume and profitability of the insurance that it places. It offers both admitted and non-admitted products. Bamboo also operates two separate but integrated businesses: (i) a retail agency, within Bamboo MGA, offering ancillary products on behalf of third parties and (ii) Bamboo Captive, a Bermuda-domiciled captive reinsurer that participates in the underwriting risk of Bamboo s MGA programs to align interests with reinsurance partners. 
 
 74 

The following table presents the components of GAAP net income (loss), MGA net income (loss), MGA EBITDA and MGA adjusted EBITDA included in White Mountains s Bamboo segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Millions Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commission and fee revenues 42.7 97.3 Earned insurance premiums 10.6 27.0 Other revenues 2.4 4.5 Total revenues 55.7 128.8 Broker commission expenses 15.9 37.9 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 4.4 14.5 Acquisition expenses 3.7 9.7 General and administrative expenses 16.2 43.9 Total expenses 40.2 106.0 GAAP pre-tax income (loss) 15.5 22.8 Income tax (expense) benefit (2.7) (4.2) GAAP net income (loss) 12.8 18.6 Exclude: Net (income) loss, Bamboo Captive (1.9) (1.9) MGA net income (loss) (1) 
 10.9 16.7 Add back: Income tax expense (benefit) 2.7 4.2 Depreciation expense .1 .1 Amortization of other intangible assets 3.9 12.4 MGA EBITDA (1) 
 17.6 33.4 Exclude: Non-cash equity-based compensation expense .4 1.0 Software implementation expenses .5 1.4 Restructuring expenses .1 .7 MGA adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 18.6 36.5 
 (1) See NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES on page 86 . 
 
 Bamboo Results Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Bamboo reported commission and fee revenues of 43 million and 97 million and pre-tax income of 16 million and 23 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. Commission and fee revenues were more than double Bamboo s commissions and fee revenues for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 (prior to White Mountains s ownership of Bamboo), driven primarily by higher managed premiums. Bamboo reported MGA pre-tax income of 14 million and 21 million and MGA adjusted EBITDA of 19 million and 37 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. 

75 

Managed premiums 
 Managed premiums represent the total premiums placed by Bamboo during the period. Managed premiums were 148 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 71 million for the third quarter of 2023 (prior to White Mountains s ownership of Bamboo). Managed premiums were 358 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 140 million for the first nine months of 2023 (prior to White Mountains s ownership of Bamboo). The increase in managed premiums was driven primarily by growth in new business volume as well as a growing renewal book. 
 The following table presents Bamboo s managed premiums for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which includes periods prior to White Mountains s ownership of Bamboo. White Mountains believes this information is useful in understanding the overall growth in Bamboo s premium base. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 New 
 84.2 53.8 235.3 91.8 Renewal 
 64.1 17.4 122.3 48.1 Total Managed Premiums 
 148.3 71.2 357.6 139.9 

Other Operations 
 
 The following table presents the components of pre-tax income (loss) included in White Mountains s Other Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Earned insurance premiums 11.2 19.8 Net investment income 9.6 8.0 27.9 22.0 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 29.7 8.0 60.4 125.8 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from investment in MediaAlpha 88.2 (46.8) 159.7 (38.9) Commission and fee revenues 4.1 3.5 11.1 10.0 Other revenues 14.8 15.2 43.7 67.1 Total revenues 157.6 (12.1) 322.6 186.0 Loss and loss adjustment expenses 4.2 8.1 Acquisition expenses 4.5 7.1 Cost of sales 7.6 8.0 22.2 33.5 General and administrative expenses 32.9 42.2 126.4 130.7 Interest expense .3 .9 1.6 2.9 Total expenses 49.5 51.1 165.4 167.1 Pre-tax income (loss) 108.1 (63.2) 157.2 18.9 
 76 

Other Operations Results Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 White Mountains s Other Operations reported pre-tax income (loss) of 108 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to (63) million in the third quarter of 2023. White Mountains s Other Operations reported net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from its investment in MediaAlpha of 88 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to (47) million in the third quarter of 2023. Excluding MediaAlpha, White Mountains s Other Operations reported net realized and unrealized investment gains of 30 million in the third quarter of 2024, driven by gains across the portfolio, compared to 8 million in the third quarter of 2023, driven primarily by gains from other long-term investments, partially offset by losses from fixed income and common equity securities. White Mountains s Other Operations reported net investment income of 10 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 8 million in the third quarter of 2023. See Summary of Investment Results on page 78 . 
 White Mountains s Other Operations reported 15 million of other revenues in the third quarter of both 2024 and 2023. White Mountains s Other Operations reported 8 million of cost of sales in the third quarter of both 2024 and 2023. 
 White Mountains s Other Operations reported general and administrative expenses of 33 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 42 million in the third quarter of 2023. Other Operations general and administrative expenses in the third quarter of 2024 included 16 million of parent company compensation and benefits compared to 21 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, White Mountains s Other Operations reported 11 million of earned premiums, 4 million of loss and loss adjustment expenses and 5 million of acquisition expenses related to Bamboo CRV. 
 
 Other Operations Results Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 White Mountains s Other Operations reported pre-tax income of 157 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 19 million in the first nine months of 2023. White Mountains s Other Operations results included net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from its investment in MediaAlpha of 160 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to (39) million in the first nine months of 2023. Excluding MediaAlpha, White Mountains s Other Operations results included net realized and unrealized investment gains of 60 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 126 million in the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by gains from common equity securities and other long-term investments in both periods. White Mountains s Other Operations results included net investment income of 28 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 22 million in the first nine months of 2023. See Summary of Investment Results on page 78 . 
 White Mountains s Other Operations reported 44 million of other revenues in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 67 million in the first nine months of 2023. White Mountains s Other Operations reported 22 million of cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 34 million in the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in other revenues and cost of sales were driven primarily by a business sold within Other Operations in 2023. 
 White Mountains s Other Operations reported general and administrative expenses of 126 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 131 million in the first nine months of 2023. Other Operations general and administrative expenses in the first nine months of 2024 included 67 million of parent company compensation and benefits compared to 62 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, White Mountains s Other Operations reported 20 million of earned premiums, 8 million of loss and loss adjustment expenses and 7 million of acquisition expenses related to Bamboo CRV. 
 77 

II. Summary of Investment Results 
 
 White Mountains s total investment results include results from all segments. Effective July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. White Mountains s consolidated financial statements through June 30, 2024 included BAM s fixed income portfolio and related investment results. See Note 2 Significant Transactions. For purposes of discussing rates of return, percentages are presented gross of management fees and trading expenses. 
 
 Gross Investment Returns and Benchmark Returns 
 The following table presents the pre-tax investment returns for White Mountains s consolidated portfolio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Fixed income investments 2.9 4.6 2.5 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Intermediate Aggregate Index 4.6 (1.9) 4.6 (0.3) Common equity securities 4.0 (2.5) 12.1 6.8 Investment in MediaAlpha 37.5 (19.9) 59.0 (17.2) Other long-term investments 3.7 2.8 9.5 12.4 Total common equity securities, investment in MediaAlpha and other long-term investments 6.5 (0.4) 15.1 8.6 Total common equity securities and other long-term investments 3.8 1.4 10.1 11.1 S P 500 Index (total return) 5.9 (3.3) 22.1 13.1 Total consolidated portfolio 4.6 (0.2) 9.4 5.3 Total consolidated portfolio - excluding MediaAlpha 3.3 0.6 6.9 6.3 
 
 Investment Returns Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 4.6 in the third quarter of 2024, which included 88 million of unrealized investment gains from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 3.3 in the third quarter of 2024, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains and net investment income from the fixed income and other long-term investments portfolios. White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was -0.2 in the third quarter of 2023, which included 47 million of unrealized investment losses from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 0.6 in the third quarter of 2023, driven primarily by net unrealized investment gains and net investment income from other long-term investments, partially offset by net unrealized investment losses on common equity securities. 
 White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 9.4 in the first nine months of 2024, which included 160 million of net realized and unrealized investment gains from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 6.9 in the first nine months of 2024, driven primarily by net realized and unrealized gains and net investment income from the fixed income and other-long term investments portfolios and unrealized investment gains from common equity securities. White Mountains s total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 5.3 in the first nine months of 2023, which included 39 million of unrealized investment losses from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. Excluding MediaAlpha, the total consolidated portfolio return on invested assets was 6.3 in the first nine months of 2023, driven primarily by net realized and unrealized investment gains and net investment income from other long-term investments, net investment income from the fixed income portfolio and net realized and unrealized investment gains from common equity securities. 
 
 78 

Fixed Income Results 
 White Mountains s fixed income portfolio, including short-term investments, totaled 3.3 billion and 3.6 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which represented 52 and 56 of total invested assets. The decrease was driven primarily by the deconsolidation of BAM s invested assets. The duration of White Mountains s fixed income portfolio, including short-term investments, was 1.9 years as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. White Mountains s fixed income portfolio includes fixed maturity and short-term investments held on deposit or as collateral. See Note 3 Investment Securities. 
 White Mountains s fixed income portfolio returned 2.9 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a flat return in the third quarter of 2023, underperforming and outperforming the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Intermediate Aggregate Index returns of 4.6 and -1.9 for the comparable periods. The results in the third quarter of 2024 were driven primarily by net investment income, coupled with net unrealized investment gains due to the decrease in interest rates on White Mountains s short duration fixed income portfolio. The results in the third quarter of 2023 were driven primarily by net investment income, offset by net unrealized investment losses due to the increase in interest rates on White Mountains s short duration fixed income portfolio. 
 White Mountains s fixed income portfolio returned 4.6 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2.5 in the first nine months of 2023, in line with and outperforming the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Intermediate Aggregate Index returns of 4.6 and -0.3 for the comparable periods. The results in the first nine months of 2024 were driven primarily by net investment income, coupled with net unrealized investment gains due to the decrease in interest rates on White Mountains s short duration fixed income portfolio. The results in the first nine months of 2023 were driven primarily by net investment income. 
 
 Common Equity Securities, Investment in MediaAlpha and Other Long-Term Investments Results 
 White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities, its investment in MediaAlpha and other long-term investments totaled 3.0 billion and 2.8 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which represented 48 and 44 of total invested assets. See Note 3 Investment Securities. 
 White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities, its investment in MediaAlpha and other long-term investments returned 6.5 in the third quarter of 2024, which included 88 million of unrealized investment gains from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities and other long-term investments returned 3.8 in the third quarter of 2024. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities, its investment in MediaAlpha and other long-term investments returned -0.4 in the third quarter of 2023, which included 47 million of unrealized investment losses from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities and other long-term investments returned 1.4 in the third quarter of 2023. 
 White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities, its investment in MediaAlpha and other long-term investments returned 15.1 in the first nine months of 2024, which included 160 million of net realized and unrealized investment gains from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities and other long-term investments returned 10.1 in the first nine months of 2024. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities, its investment in MediaAlpha and other long-term investments returned 8.6 in the first nine months of 2023, which included 39 million of unrealized investment losses from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities and other long-term investments returned 11.1 in the first nine months of 2023. 
 White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities consists of international listed equity funds, primarily held at Ark, as well as passive ETFs that seek to provide investment results generally corresponding to the performance of the S P 500 Index. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities was 655 million and 538 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities returned 4.0 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to -2.5 in the third quarter of 2023, underperforming and outperforming the S P 500 Index returns of 5.9 and -3.3 for the comparable periods. The results in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 were driven by relative underperformance and outperformance in White Mountains s international listed equity funds as compared to the S P 500 Index. White Mountains s portfolio of common equity securities returned 12.1 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 6.8 in the first nine months of 2023, underperforming the S P 500 Index returns of 22.1 and 13.1 for the comparable periods. The results in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were driven by relative underperformance in White Mountains s international listed equity funds as compared to the S P 500 Index. 
 
 79 

White Mountains maintains a portfolio of other long-term investments that consists primarily of unconsolidated entities, including Kudu s Participation Contracts, private equity funds and hedge funds, a bank loan fund, Lloyd s trust deposits, ILS funds and private debt instruments. White Mountains s portfolio of other long-term investments totaled 2.1 billion and 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 White Mountains s portfolio of other long-term investments returned 3.7 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.8 in the third quarter of 2023. Investment returns for the third quarter of 2024 were driven primarily by net investment income and unrealized investment gains from Kudu s Participation Contracts and private equity funds, as well as net unrealized investment gains from ILS funds. Investment returns for the third quarter of 2023 were driven primarily by net investment income and net unrealized investment gains from Kudu s Participation Contracts, as well as net unrealized investment gains from certain unconsolidated entities and ILS funds. 
 White Mountains s portfolio of other long-term investments returned 9.5 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 12.4 in the first nine months of 2023. Investment returns for the first nine months of 2024 were driven primarily by net investment income and net realized and unrealized investment gains from Kudu s Participation Contracts, as well as net investment income and net unrealized gains from ILS funds. Investment returns for the first nine months of 2023 were driven primarily by net investment income and net realized and unrealized investment gains from Kudu s Participation Contracts, net realized and unrealized investment gains from private equity funds and net unrealized investment gains from unconsolidated entities and ILS funds. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exposure 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains had foreign currency exposure on 246 million of net assets, primarily related to Ark/WM Outrigger s non-U.S. contracts, Kudu s non-U.S. Participation Contracts and a private debt instrument, as well as certain other foreign consolidated and unconsolidated entities. 
 The following table presents the fair value of White Mountains s foreign denominated net assets (liabilities) by segment as of September 30, 2024: 
 in Millions Currency Ark/WM Outrigger Kudu Other Operations Total Fair Value of Total Shareholders Equity 
 CAD 95.1 70.7 165.8 3.1 AUD 36.3 73.1 109.4 2.1 GBP (6.4) (6.4) (0.1) EUR (53.8) 21.4 9.0 (23.4) (0.4) All other .6 .6 Total 71.2 165.2 9.6 246.0 4.7 
 
 80 

III. Income Taxes 
 
 On December 27, 2023, Bermuda enacted a corporate income tax that will generally become effective on January 1, 2025. The Bermuda legislation defers the effective date until January 1, 2030, for Bermuda companies in consolidated groups that meet certain requirements. To qualify for the deferral, the group must (i) have permanent establishments in six or fewer countries, (ii) have less than 50 million of net tangible assets outside of the country where the group has the largest amount of net tangible assets and (iii) not have a Bermuda company directly or indirectly owned by a parent entity that is subject to the Income Inclusion Rule IIR of Pillar Two in any jurisdiction. White Mountains expects to meet the requirements to be exempt from the Bermuda corporate income tax until January 1, 2030. The Bermuda legislation also provides for an economic transition adjustment that will reduce future years taxable income. Under GAAP, this economic transition adjustment was required to be recognized as a net deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2023. Accordingly, White Mountains s net income for 2023 included a net deferred tax benefit of 68 million, of which 51 million was recorded at Ark and 17 million was recorded at HG Global. As of July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. As a result of the deconsolidation, the BAM Surplus Notes are recorded at fair value, which resulted in the reversal of a 5 million deferred tax liability, generating a 5 million tax benefit in the third quarter of 2024. 
 On December 15, 2022, European Union Member States voted to adopt the EU Minimum Tax Directive in conformity with the OECD s Pillar Two initiative. The EU Minimum Tax Directive required European Union Member States to enact conforming law by December 31, 2023. The main rule of the EU Minimum Tax Directive, the IIR, will become effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023, while the Undertaxed Profits Rule UTPR will become effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2024. On December 20, 2023, Luxemburg enacted conforming Pillar Two legislation including the IIR, UTPR and the associated Qualified Domestic Minimum Top-Up Tax QDMTT ). The Luxembourg legislation defers the effective date of the UTPR until fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2029 for Luxembourg companies in consolidated groups with a non-EU parent company that meet certain requirements. To qualify for the deferral, the group must (i) have permanent establishments in six or fewer countries and (ii) have less than 50 million of net tangible assets outside of the country where the group has the largest amount of net tangible assets. White Mountains expects to meet the requirements to be exempt from the Luxembourg UTPR until January 1, 2030. On July 11, 2023, the U.K. enacted conforming legislation adopting the Pillar Two IIR and the associated QDMTT which will become effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. The U.K. has proposed legislation to adopt the Pillar Two UTPR effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2024; however, this legislation has not yet been enacted. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the primary jurisdictions in which the Company s subsidiaries and branches operate and were subject to tax are Israel, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom and the United States. On April 1, 2023, the U.K. corporate tax rate increased from 19 to 25 . 
 White Mountains s income tax expense related to pre-tax income from continuing operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represented an effective tax rate of 5 and 7 . The effective tax rate was different from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 , driven primarily by full year forecasted income in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the United States. 
 White Mountains s income tax expense related to pre-tax income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 represented an effective tax rate of 35 . The effective tax rate was different from the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 , driven primarily by an increase in the full valuation allowance at BAM, as well as withholding taxes and state income taxes, partially offset by full year forecasted income in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the United States. White Mountains s income tax expense related to pre-tax income from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 represented an effective tax rate of 8 . The effective tax rate was different from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 , driven primarily by full year forecasted income in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the United States. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Operating Cash and Short-term Investments 
 
 Holding Company Level 
 The primary sources of cash for the Company and certain of its intermediate holding companies are expected to be distributions from its insurance, reinsurance and other operating subsidiaries, net investment income, proceeds from sales, repayments and maturities of investments, capital raising activities and, from time to time, proceeds from sales of operating subsidiaries. The primary uses of cash are expected to be general and administrative expenses, purchases of investments, payments to tax authorities, payments on and repurchases/retirements of debt obligations, dividend payments to holders of the Company s common shares, distributions to noncontrolling interest holders of consolidated subsidiaries, contributions to operating subsidiaries and, from time to time, purchases of operating subsidiaries and repurchases of the Company s common shares. 

81 

Operating Subsidiary Level 
 The primary sources of cash for White Mountains s insurance, reinsurance and other operating subsidiaries are expected to be premium and fee collections, commissions, net investment income, proceeds from sales, repayments and maturities of investments, contributions from holding companies and capital raising activities. The primary uses of cash are expected to be claim payments, policy acquisition costs, general and administrative expenses, broker commission expenses, cost of sales, purchases of investments, payments to tax authorities, payments on and repurchases/retirements of debt obligations, distributions to holding companies, distributions to noncontrolling interest holders and, from time to time, purchases of operating subsidiaries. 
 Both internal and external forces influence White Mountains s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Premium and fee collections, investment returns, claim payments and cost of sales may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. Some time may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to White Mountains s insurance and reinsurance operating subsidiaries and the settlement of the liability for that loss. The exact timing of the payment of losses cannot be predicted with certainty. White Mountains s insurance and reinsurance operating subsidiaries maintain portfolios of invested assets with varying maturities and a substantial amount of cash and short-term investments to provide adequate liquidity for the payment of claims. 
 Management believes that White Mountains s cash balances, cash flows from operations and routine sales and maturities of investments are adequate to meet expected cash requirements for the foreseeable future at both a holding company and insurance, reinsurance and other operating subsidiary level. 
 
 Dividend Capacity 
 
 Following is a description of the dividend capacity of White Mountains s insurance and reinsurance and other operating subsidiaries: 
 
 Ark/WM Outrigger 
 During any 12-month period, GAIL, a class 4 licensed Bermuda insurer, has the ability to (i) make capital distributions of up to 15 of its total statutory capital reported in the previous year s statutory financial statements, or (ii) make dividend payments of up to 25 of its total statutory capital and surplus reported in the previous year s statutory financial statements, without prior approval of Bermuda regulatory authorities. Accordingly, GAIL will have the ability to pay a dividend of up to 272 million during 2024, which is equal to 25 of its December 31, 2023 statutory capital and surplus of 1,088 million, subject to meeting all appropriate liquidity and solvency requirements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, GAIL did not pay any dividends to its immediate parent. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Ark declared and paid a 33 million dividend to its shareholders, including 24 million that was paid to White Mountains. As of September 30, 2024, Ark and its intermediate holding companies had 6 million of net unrestricted cash and short-term investments outside of its regulated and unregulated insurance and reinsurance operating subsidiaries. 
 WM Outrigger Re is a special purpose insurer subject to regulation and supervision by the BMA. WM Outrigger Re does not require regulatory approval to pay dividends; however, its dividend capacity is limited to amounts held outside of the collateral trust pursuant to the reinsurance agreements with GAIL. As of September 30, 2024, WM Outrigger Re had less than 1 million of net unrestricted cash and investments held outside the collateral trust. As of September 30, 2024, WM Outrigger Re had 180 million of statutory capital and surplus and 200 million of assets held in the collateral trusts pursuant to the reinsurance agreements with GAIL. 
 During January 2024, White Mountains received a return of capital of 68 million from WM Outrigger Re as a result of its reduced capital commitment relating to the 2024 underwriting year. During the third quarter of 2024, White Mountains received an additional 65 million from WM Outrigger Re, reflecting an initial profit distribution from the 2023 underwriting year. 

82 

HG Global 
 As of September 30, 2024, HG Global had 619 million face value of preferred shares outstanding, of which White Mountains owned 96.9 . Holders of the HG Global preferred shares are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a fixed annual rate of 6.0 on a quarterly basis, payable when and if declared by HG Global. As of September 30, 2024, HG Global has accrued 460 million of dividends payable to holders of its preferred shares, 446 million of which is payable to White Mountains and is eliminated in consolidation. As of September 30, 2024, HG Global and its subsidiaries had less than 1 million of net unrestricted cash outside of HG Re. 
 HG Re is a special purpose insurer subject to regulation and supervision by the BMA. HG Re does not require regulatory approval to pay dividends; however, its dividend capacity is limited to amounts held outside of the Collateral Trusts pursuant to the FLRT with BAM. As of September 30, 2024, HG Re had less than 1 million of net unrestricted cash and investments. As of September 30, 2024, HG Re had 148 million of accrued interest on the BAM Surplus Notes held outside the Collateral Trusts. As of September 30, 2024, HG Re had 757 million of statutory capital and surplus and 976 million of assets held in the Collateral Trusts. 
 On a monthly basis, BAM deposits cash equal to ceded premiums net of ceding commissions, due to HG Re under the FLRT directly into the Regulation 114 Trust. The Regulation 114 Trust target balance is equal to HG Re s unearned premiums and unpaid loss and LAE reserves, if any. If, at the end of any quarter, the Regulation 114 Trust balance is below the target balance, funds will be withdrawn from the Supplemental Trust and deposited into the Regulation 114 Trust in an amount equal to the shortfall. If, at the end of any quarter, the Regulation 114 Trust balance is above 102 of the target balance, funds will be withdrawn from the Regulation 114 Trust and deposited into the Supplemental Trust. 
 The Supplemental Trust Target Balance is 603 million, less the amount of cash and securities in the Regulation 114 Trust in excess of its target balance. If, at the end of any quarter, the Supplemental Trust balance exceeds the Supplemental Trust Target Balance, such excess may be distributed to HG Re. The distribution will be made first as an assignment of accrued interest on the BAM Surplus Notes and second in cash and/or fixed income securities. As the BAM Surplus Notes are repaid over time, the BAM Surplus Notes will be replaced in the Supplemental Trust by cash and fixed income securities. The Supplemental Trust balance as of September 30, 2024 was 613 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Collateral Trusts held assets of 976 million, which included 645 million of cash and investments, 317 million of BAM Surplus Notes and 14 million of accrued interest on the BAM Surplus Notes. 
 Through June 30, 2024, the interest rate on the BAM Surplus Notes is a variable rate equal to the one-year U.S. Treasury rate plus 300 basis points, set annually, with each payment applied pro rata between outstanding principal and interest. Accordingly, in 2024 the interest rate on the BAM Surplus Notes was 8.2 through June 30, 2024. Effective July 1, 2024 and through maturity, HG Global and BAM amended the interest rate on the BAM Surplus Notes to be 10.0 , with a higher proportion of each payment to be applied to outstanding principal. 
 Under its agreements with HG Global, BAM is required to seek regulatory approval to pay principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes only to the extent that its remaining qualified statutory capital and other capital resources continue to support its outstanding obligations, its business plan and its AA/stable financial strength rating from Standard Poor s. No payment of principal or interest on the BAM Surplus Notes may be made without the approval of the NYDFS. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, BAM made an 8 million cash payment of principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes held by HG Global. Of this payment, 5 million was a repayment of principal held in the Supplement Trust, less than 1 million was a payment of accrued interest held in the Supplemental Trust and 3 million was a payment of accrued interest held outside the Supplemental Trust. 
 See Note 10 Municipal Bond Guarantee Reinsurance. 
 
 Kudu 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Kudu distributed 24 million to unitholders, substantially all of which was paid to White Mountains. As of September 30, 2024, Kudu had 82 million of net unrestricted cash and short-term investments. 

83 

Bamboo 
 During any 12-month period, Bamboo Captive, a class 2 licensed Bermuda insurer, has the ability to make capital distributions of up to 15 of its total statutory capital reported in the previous year s statutory financial statements without prior approval of Bermuda regulatory authorities. Accordingly, Bamboo Captive will have the ability to pay a dividend of up to 1 million during 2024, which is equal to 15 of its December 31, 2023 statutory capital surplus of 5 million, subject to meeting all appropriate liquidity and solvency requirements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Bamboo Captive did not pay any dividends to its immediate parent. As of September 30, 2024, Bamboo Captive had 5 million of net unrestricted cash and short-term investments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Bamboo had 29 million of net unrestricted cash and short-term investments outside of Bamboo Captive. 
 
 Other Operations 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, White Mountains paid a 3 million common share dividend. As of September 30, 2024, the Company and its intermediate holding companies had 537 million of net unrestricted cash, short-term investments and fixed maturity investments, 323 million of MediaAlpha common stock, 220 million of common equity securities and 352 million of private equity and hedge funds, ILS funds and certain unconsolidated entities. 
 
 Financing 
 
 The following table presents White Mountains s capital structure as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 in Millions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Ark 2007 Subordinated Notes (1) 
 30.0 Ark 2021 Subordinated Notes (1)(2) 
 156.8 155.5 HG Global Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 147.3 146.9 Kudu Credit Facility (1)(2) 
 218.5 203.8 Other Operations debt (1)(2) 
 22.3 28.4 Total debt 544.9 564.6 Noncontrolling interests (3) 
 649.2 460.9 Total White Mountains s common shareholders equity 4,610.6 4,240.5 Total capital 5,804.7 5,266.0 HG Global s unearned premium reserve (4) 
 278.1 265.4 HG Global s net deferred acquisition costs (4) 
 (80.6) (76.5) Time-value discount on expected future payments on the BAM Surplus Notes (4)(5) 
 (87.9) Total adjusted capital 6,002.2 5,367.0 Total debt to total capital 9.4 10.7 Total debt to total adjusted capital 9.1 10.5 
 (1) See Note 7 Debt for details of debt arrangements. 
 (2) Net of unamortized issuance costs and, where applicable, the original issue discount. 
 (3) Noncontrolling interests as of December 31, 2023 excludes BAM. As of July 1, 2024, White Mountains no longer consolidates BAM. 
 (4) Amount reflects White Mountains s preferred share ownership in HG Global of 96.9 . 
 (5) For periods subsequent to July 1, 2024, White Mountains carries the BAM Surplus Notes under GAAP at fair value, which incorporates time value into its estimate. 
 
 Management believes that White Mountains has the flexibility and capacity to obtain funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. However, White Mountains can provide no assurance that, if needed, it would be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 It is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may lower White Mountains s existing ratings. If one or more of its ratings were lowered, White Mountains could incur higher borrowing costs on future borrowings and its ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. 
 
 Covenant Compliance 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains was in compliance in all material respects with all of the covenants under its debt instruments. 
 
 84 

Share Repurchase Programs 
 
 White Mountains s Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase its common shares from time to time, subject to market conditions. The repurchase authorizations do not have a stated expiration date. As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains may repurchase an additional 301,014 shares under these Board authorizations. In addition, from time to time, White Mountains has also repurchased its common shares through self-tender offers that were separately approved by its Board of Directors. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, White Mountains repurchased and retired 5,269 of its common shares for 8 million at an average share price of 1,505, which was approximately 80 of White Mountains s adjusted book value per share as of September 30, 2024. All of the shares White Mountains repurchased in the first nine months of 2024 were to satisfy employee income tax withholding pursuant to employee benefit plans, which do not reduce the amount available under the Board repurchase authorizations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains repurchased and retired 24,165 of its common shares for 33 million at an average share price of 1,355, which was approximately 85 of White Mountains s adjusted book value per share as of September 30, 2023. Of the shares White Mountains repurchased in the first nine months of 2023, 4,629 were to satisfy employee income tax withholding pursuant to employee benefit plans, which do not reduce the amount available under the Board repurchase authorizations. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Detailed information concerning White Mountains s cash flows from continuing operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 follows: 
 
 Cash flows from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 
 Net cash provided from operations was 523 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 380 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash provided from operations was driven primarily by cash provided from operations at Ark, Kudu and Bamboo in 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company and its intermediate holding companies had 537 million of net unrestricted cash, short-term investments and fixed maturity investments, 323 million of MediaAlpha common stock, 220 million of common equity securities and 352 million of private equity funds, hedge funds, ILS funds and unconsolidated entities. 
 
 Cash flows from investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Financing and Other Capital Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared and paid a 3 million cash dividend to its common shareholders. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, White Mountains repurchased and retired 5,269 of its common shares for 8 million, all of which were to satisfy employee income tax withholding pursuant to employee benefit plans. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Ark repaid the outstanding balance of 30 million and extinguished the Ark 2007 Subordinated Notes. 
 BAM received 26 million in MSC during the six months ended June 30, 2024, prior to its deconsolidation. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Kudu borrowed 15 million in term loans under the Kudu Credit Facility. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 On January 2, 2024, White Mountains closed the Bamboo Transaction in accordance with the terms of the Bamboo Merger Agreement, investing 297 million of equity into Bamboo, which included the contribution of 36 million to retire Bamboo s legacy credit facility and the contribution of 20 million of primary capital. 

85 

Cash flows from investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Financing and Other Capital Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company declared and paid a 3 million cash dividend to its common shareholders. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, White Mountains repurchased and retired 24,165 of its common shares for 33 million. Of the shares White Mountains repurchased in the first three months of 2023, 4,629 were to satisfy employee income tax withholding pursuant to employee benefit plans. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, BAM received 46 million in MSC. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Kudu borrowed 12 million in term loans under the Kudu Credit Facility. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Kudu repaid 17 million in term loans under the Kudu Credit Facility. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 This report includes 11 non-GAAP financial measures that have been reconciled from their most comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Adjusted book value per share 
 Adjusted book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is derived by adjusting (i) the GAAP book value per share numerator and (ii) the common shares outstanding denominator, as described below. 
 The GAAP book value per share numerator is adjusted (i) for periods prior to July 1, 2024, to include a discount for the time value of money arising from the modeled timing of cash payments of principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes and (ii) for all periods, to add back the unearned premium reserve, net of deferred acquisition costs, at HG Global. 
 Under GAAP, for periods prior to July 1, 2024, the BAM Surplus Notes, including accrued interest receivable, were classified as intercompany notes carried at nominal value with no consideration for time value of money and eliminated in consolidation. Based on a debt service model that forecasts operating results for BAM through maturity of the BAM Surplus Notes, the present value of the BAM Surplus Notes, including accrued interest and using an 8 discount rate, was estimated to be 87 million, 91 million and 93 million less than the nominal GAAP carrying values as of June 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. For periods subsequent to July 1, 2024, White Mountains carries the BAM Surplus Notes under GAAP at fair value, and there is no longer a separate time value of money adjustment for adjusted book value purposes. 
 The value of HG Global s unearned premium reserve, net of deferred acquisition costs, was 204 million, 199 million, 195 million and 187 million as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 White Mountains believes these adjustments are useful to management and investors in analyzing the intrinsic value of HG Global, including the value of the BAM surplus notes and the value of the in-force business at HG Re, HG Global s reinsurance subsidiary. 
 The denominator used in the calculation of adjusted book value per share equals the number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to exclude unearned restricted common shares, the compensation cost of which, at the date of calculation, has yet to be amortized. Restricted common shares are earned on a straight-line basis over their vesting periods. The reconciliation of GAAP book value per share to adjusted book value per share is included on page 53 . 

86 

Value of BAM Surplus Notes for adjusted book value purposes 
 The value of the BAM Surplus Notes for adjusted book value purposes is a non-GAAP financial measure derived, for periods prior to July 1, 2024, by adjusting the nominal GAAP carrying value for a time value discount included in the calculation of adjusted book value per share prior to the deconsolidation of BAM. A reconciliation of the nominal GAAP carrying value to the value of the BAM Surplus Notes for adjusted book value purposes follows. The amounts disclosed are gross of noncontrolling interests. White Mountains believes this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to management and investors in analyzing the impact to White Mountains from the value of the BAM Surplus Notes pre- and post-deconsolidation. 
 Millions June 30, 2024 July 1, 2024 September 30, 2024 Nominal GAAP carrying value (1) 
 501.9 501.9 509.8 Less GAAP fair value discount (114.5) (98.7) GAAP carrying value 501.9 387.4 411.1 Less time value discount as of June 30, 2024 (2) (3) 
 (87.4) Value of the BAM Surplus Notes for adjusted 
 book value purposes (2) 
 414.5 387.4 411.1 
 (1) The nominal carrying value of the BAM Surplus Notes includes principal and accrued interest receivable. 
 (2) For periods subsequent to July 1, 2024, White Mountains carries the BAM Surplus Notes under GAAP at fair value, and there is no longer a separate time value of money adjustment for adjusted book value purposes. 
 (3) See adjusted book value per share non-GAAP measure on page 86 . 
 
 Kudu s EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA 
 Kudu's EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that adds back interest expense on debt, income tax (expense) benefit, depreciation and amortization of other intangible assets to GAAP net income (loss). Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain other items in GAAP net income (loss) in addition to those added back to calculate EBITDA. The items relate to (i) net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) on Kudu's Participation Contracts, (ii) non-cash equity-based compensation expense and (iii) transaction expenses. A description of each item follows: 
 Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) - Represents net unrealized investment gains and losses on Kudu s Participation Contracts, which are recorded at fair value under GAAP, and realized investment gains and losses recorded on Kudu s Participation Contracts sold during the period. 
 Non-cash equity-based compensation expense - Represents non-cash expenses related to Kudu s management compensation that are settled with equity units in Kudu. 
 Transaction expenses - Represents costs directly related to Kudu s mergers and acquisitions activity, such as external lawyer, banker, consulting and placement agent fees, which are not capitalized and are expensed under GAAP. 
 White Mountains believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to management and investors in evaluating Kudu s performance. The reconciliation of Kudu s GAAP net income (loss) to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA is included on page 73 . 

87 

Bamboo s MGA pre-tax income (loss), MGA net income (loss), MGA EBITDA and MGA adjusted EBITDA 
 Bamboo s MGA pre-tax income (loss), MGA net income (loss), MGA EBITDA and MGA adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. 
 MGA pre-tax income (loss) and MGA net income (loss) are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the results of the Bamboo Captive, which is consolidated under GAAP, from Bamboo s consolidated GAAP pre-tax income (loss) and net income (loss). The following table presents the reconciliation from Bamboo s consolidated GAAP pre-tax income (loss) to MGA pre-tax income (loss): 
 
 Millions Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Bamboo s consolidated GAAP pre-tax income (loss) 15.5 22.8 Remove pre-tax (income) loss, Bamboo Captive (1.9) (1.9) MGA pre-tax income (loss) 13.6 20.9 
 
 MGA EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that adds back interest expense on debt, income tax (expense) benefit, depreciation and amortization of other intangible assets to MGA net income (loss). MGA adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain other items in GAAP net income (loss) in addition to those added back to calculate MGA EBITDA. The items relate to (i) non-cash equity-based compensation expense, (ii) software implementation expenses and (iii) restructuring expenses. A description of each item follows: 
 Non-cash equity-based compensation expense - Represents non-cash expenses related to Bamboo s management compensation that are settled with equity units in Bamboo. 
 Software implementation expenses - Represents costs directly related to Bamboo s implementation of new software. 
 Restructuring expenses - Represents costs directly related to Bamboo s corporate restructuring and capital planning activities associated with the development of new markets. 
 White Mountains believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to management and investors in evaluating Bamboo s performance. See page 75 for the reconciliation of Bamboo s consolidated GAAP net income (loss) to MGA net income (loss), MGA EBITDA and MGA adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Total consolidated portfolio return excluding MediaAlpha 
 Total consolidated portfolio return excluding MediaAlpha is a non-GAAP financial measure that removes the net investment income and net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) from White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. White Mountains believes this measure to be useful to management and investors by showing the underlying performance of White Mountains s investment portfolio without regard to White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha. 
 The following tables present reconciliations from GAAP to the reported percentages for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total consolidated portfolio return 4.6 (0.2) 9.4 5.3 Remove MediaAlpha (1.3) 0.8 (2.5) 1.0 Total consolidated portfolio return excluding MediaAlpha 3.3 0.6 6.9 6.3 
 
 Total adjusted capital and total debt to total adjusted capital 
 Total capital at White Mountains is comprised of White Mountains s common shareholders equity, debt and noncontrolling interests other than noncontrolling interests attributable to BAM. Total adjusted capital is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is derived by adjusting total capital (i) for periods prior to July 1, 2024, to include a discount for the time value of money arising from the modeled timing of cash payments of principal and interest on the BAM Surplus Notes and (ii) to add back the unearned premium reserve, net of deferred acquisition costs, at HG Global. For periods subsequent to July 1, 2024, White Mountains carries the BAM Surplus Notes under GAAP at fair value, which incorporates time value into its estimate. Total debt to total adjusted capital is a non-GAAP financial measure that is derived using the ratio of total debt to total adjusted capital. White Mountains believes these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to management and investors in analyzing White Mountains s capital structure, including the value of the BAM surplus notes and the value of the in-force business at HG Re, HG Global s reinsurance subsidiary. The reconciliation of total capital to total adjusted capital is included on page 84 . 
 
 88 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Refer to the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion regarding White Mountains s critical accounting estimates. The following presents an update to Fair Value Measurements as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Valuation of the BAM Surplus Notes 
 Prior to the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024, the BAM Surplus Notes, including accrued interest receivable, were classified as intercompany notes carried at nominal value, which eliminated in consolidation. Upon deconsolidation, White Mountains elected the fair value option for the BAM Surplus Notes. As of July 1, 2024 and September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes was 387 million and 411 million. The difference between the nominal value of the BAM Surplus Notes and the fair value as of July 1, 2024 was recorded as an unrealized loss on deconsolidation in the third quarter of 2024. This loss includes the impact of a discount for the time value of money, which was previously included in adjusted book value per share as a non-GAAP adjustment to book value per share. 
 Subsequent to the deconsolidation, White Mountains values the BAM Surplus Notes each quarter using a discounted cash flow analysis. The BAM Surplus Notes are classified as Level 3 measurements. The discounted cash flow analysis used to value the BAM Surplus Notes depends on key inputs, such as projections of future revenues and earnings for BAM, expected payments on the BAM Surplus Notes through maturity and a discount rate to reflect time value and related uncertainty of the repayment pattern. The expected payments on the BAM Surplus Notes are based on management judgment, considering current performance, budgets and projected future results. These expected payments depend on BAM s ability to generate excess cash flows from its operations, driven primarily by assumptions regarding future trends for the issuance of municipal bonds, interest rates, credit spreads, insured market penetration, competitive activity in the market for municipal bond insurance and other factors affecting the demand for and pricing of BAM s municipal bond insurance. The discount rate considers comparably-rated companies and instruments, adjusted for risks specific to BAM and the BAM Surplus Notes. 
 When making its fair value selection, which is within a range of reasonable values derived from the discounted cash flow analysis, White Mountains considers all available information, facts and circumstances specific to BAM s businesses and industry and any infrequent or unusual results for the period. 
 As of September 30, 2024, White Mountains concluded that a 7.5 discount rate was appropriate for the valuation of the BAM Surplus Notes. Utilizing this assumption and all available information, White Mountains determined that the fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes was 411 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 With a discounted cash flow analysis, small changes to key inputs may result in significant changes to fair value. The following table presents the estimated effect on the fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes as of September 30, 2024, resulting from changes in key inputs to the discounted cash flow analysis, such as the discount rate: 
 Millions Discount Rate 5.5 6.5 7.5 8.5 9.5 BAM Surplus Notes, at fair value 467 438 411 387 365 
 89 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or referenced in this report which address activities, events or developments which White Mountains expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The words could , will , believe , intend , expect , anticipate , project , estimate , predict and similar expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements with respect to White Mountains s: 
 
 change in book value per share, adjusted book value per share or return on equity; 
 business strategy; 
 financial and operating targets or plans; 
 incurred loss and LAE and the adequacy of its loss and LAE reserves and related reinsurance; 
 projections of revenues, income (or loss), earnings (or loss) per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, dividends, market share or other financial forecasts of White Mountains or its businesses; 
 expansion and growth of its business and operations; and 
 future capital expenditures. 
 
 These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by White Mountains in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. However, whether actual results and developments will conform to its expectations and predictions is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, including: 
 
 the risks that are described from time to time in White Mountains s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to White Mountains s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 
 claims arising from catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, floods, wildfires, tornadoes, tsunamis, severe weather, public health crises, terrorist attacks, war and war-like actions, explosions, infrastructure failures or cyber-attacks; 
 recorded loss reserves subsequently proving to have been inadequate; 
 the market value of White Mountains s investment in MediaAlpha; 
 the trends and uncertainties from the COVID-19 pandemic, including judicial interpretations on the extent of insurance coverage provided by insurers for COVID-19 pandemic related claims; 
 business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to it and pursued; 
 actions taken by rating agencies, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing ratings on negative watch; 
 the continued availability of capital and financing; 
 the continued availability of fronting and reinsurance capacity; 
 deterioration of general economic, market or business conditions, including due to outbreaks of contagious disease (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and corresponding mitigation efforts; 
 competitive forces, including the conduct of other insurers; 
 changes in domestic or foreign laws or regulations, or their interpretation, applicable to White Mountains, its competitors or its customers; and 
 other factors, most of which are beyond White Mountains s control. 
 
 Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this report are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by White Mountains will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, White Mountains or its business or operations. White Mountains assumes no obligation to publicly update any such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 90 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Refer to White Mountains s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in particular Item 7A. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures . 
 
 The Principal Executive Officer PEO and the Principal Financial Officer PFO of White Mountains have evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the PEO and PFO have concluded that White Mountains s disclosure controls and procedures are adequate and effective. 
 There were no changes to White Mountains s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, White Mountains s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings . 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Refer to the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion regarding White Mountains s risk factors. The following presents an update related to the potential volatility from White Mountains s election of the fair value option for the BAM Surplus Notes. 
 
 We may be subject to volatility from our investment in the BAM Surplus Notes, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Upon the deconsolidation of BAM on July 1, 2024, White Mountains elected the fair value option, and the BAM Surplus Notes, including accrued interest receivable, were measured at their estimated fair value of 387 million using a discounted cash flow analysis, which resulted in an unrealized loss on deconsolidation of 115 million. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the BAM Surplus Notes was 411 million. Subsequent to the deconsolidation, White Mountains recognized accrued interest of 8 million and an increase in fair value of 16 million for the third quarter of 2024. White Mountains s reported book value per share and adjusted book value per share may be subject to greater volatility in the future, as the valuation of the BAM Surplus Notes under the discounted cash flow analysis could be more volatile than the carrying value prior to the deconsolidation. Should there be a significant decrease in the valuation of the BAM Surplus Notes, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Item 2. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Months Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced Plans (1) 
 Maximum Number 
 of Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans (1) 
 July 1 - July 31, 2024 301,014 August 1 - August 31, 2024 301,014 September 1 - September 30, 2024 
 301,014 Total 301,014 
 (1) White Mountains s Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase its common shares, from time to time, subject to market conditions. The repurchase authorizations do not have a stated expiration date. 
 
 91 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities . 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information . 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits . 
 (a) Exhibit number Name 31.1 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended. 
 31.2 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended. 
 32.1 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 
 32.2 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 
 101 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. ) Included herein 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP, LTD. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Michaela J. Hildreth 
 Michaela J. Hildreth Managing Director and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 92 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wtmq32024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, G. Manning Rountree, Chief Executive Officer of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 6, 2024 
 By 
 
 s G. Manning Rountree 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 C-1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wtmq32024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Liam P. Caffrey, President & Chief Financial Officer of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 6, 2024 
 
 By 
 
 s Liam P. Caffrey 
 President & Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 C- 2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wtmq32024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. (the Company ), for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, G. Manning Rountree, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods presented in the Report. 

s G. Manning Rountree Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 6, 2024 
 
 C-3 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 wtmq32024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. (the Company ), for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Liam P. Caffrey, President & Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods presented in the Report. 

s Liam P. Caffrey President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 6, 2024 
 
 C-4 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wtm-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wtm-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wtm-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wtm-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wtm-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

