<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_89089_0000089089-24-000175.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13319073</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118216</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5485604</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3799277</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2007626</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1704624</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000089089-24-000175.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031161119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000089089-24-000175
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SERVICE CORP INTERNATIONAL
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				741488375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06402
		FILM NUMBER:		241415332

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1929 ALLEN PKWY
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 130548
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7135225141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 130548
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77219-0548

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SERVICE CORPORATION INTERNATIONAL
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000089089-24-000175.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 sci-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sci-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol (s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in 12b-2 of the act). Yes 
 No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of October 31, 2024 was (net of treasury shares). 

SERVICE CORPORATION INTERNATIONAL INDEX Page GLOSSARY 3 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet - September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 8 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity - Three an d Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 1. Nature of Operations 
 11 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 11 
 3. Preneed Activities 
 14 
 4. Income Taxes 
 20 
 5. Debt 
 20 
 6. Credit Risk and Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 22 
 7. Equity 
 23 
 8. Segment Reporting 
 24 
 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 25 
 10. Earnings Per Share 
 26 
 11. Acquisitions and Divestiture-Related Activities 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 The Company 
 29 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 
 29 
 Results of Operations - Three and Nine M onths Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 36 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 42 
 Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
 42 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II . OTHER INFORMATION 
 45 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 46 
 SIGNATURE 
 47 
 
 2 Service Corporation International 

Glossary 
 The following terms are common to the deathcare industry, are used throughout this report, and have the following meanings: 
 Atneed Funeral, including cremation, and cemetery arrangements sold once death has occurred. 
 Average Revenue per Service Average revenue per funeral service performed, excluding the impact of non-funeral home preneed sales revenue, core general agency revenue, and certain other revenue. 
 Cancellation Termination of a preneed contract, which relieves us of the obligation to provide the goods and services included in the contract. Cancellations may be requested by the customer or be initiated by us for failure to comply with the contractual terms of payment. State or provincial laws govern the amount of refund, if any, owed to the customer. 
 Care Trusts' Corpus The deposits and net realized capital gains included in the perpetual care trusts that may not be withdrawable. In certain states, some or all of the net realized capital gains can also be distributed. Additionally, some states allow a total return distribution that may contain elements of income, capital appreciation, and principal. 
 Cemetery Marker An item used to identify the deceased person in a particular burial space, crypt, niche, or cremation memorialization property. Permanent burial and cremation memorialization cemetery markers are usually made of bronze or stone. 
 Cemetery Merchandise and Services Merchandise and services used in connection with a cemetery interment, including stone and bronze memorials, cemetery markers, outer burial containers, floral placement, graveside services, merchandise installations, urns, and interments. 
 Cemetery Perpetual Care Trust or Endowment Care Fund (ECF) A trust fund established for the purpose of maintaining cemetery grounds and property into perpetuity. For these trusts, the corpus remains in the trust in perpetuity and the investment earnings or elected distributions are withdrawn regularly and are intended to defray our expenses incurred to maintain the cemetery. In certain states, some or all of the net realized capital gains can also be distributed. Additionally, some states allow a total return distribution that may contain elements of income, capital appreciation, and principal. 
 Cemetery Property Developed lots, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces, niches, and cremation memorialization property items (constructed and ready to accept interments) and undeveloped land we intend to develop for the sale of interment rights. Includes the construction-in-progress balance during the pre-construction and construction phases of projects creating new developed property items. 
 Cemetery Property Amortization or Amortization of Cemetery Property The non-cash recognized expenses of cemetery property interment rights, which are recorded by specific identification with the cemetery property revenue for each contract. 
 Cemetery Property Interment Rights The exclusive right to determine the human remains that will be interred in a specific cemetery property space. See also Cemetery Property Revenue below. 
 Cemetery Property Revenue Recognized sales of interment rights in cemetery property when the receivable is deemed collectible and the property is fully constructed and available for interment. 
 Combination Location (Combos) Locations where a funeral service location is physically located within or adjoining a SCI-owned cemetery location. 
 Cremation The reduction of human remains to bone fragments by intense heat. 
 Cremation Memorialization Products specifically designed to commemorate and honor the life of an individual who has been cremated. These products include cemetery property items that provide for the disposition of cremated remains within our cemeteries such as benches, boulders, statues, niches, etc. They also include memorial walls and books where the name of the individual is inscribed but the remains have been scattered or kept by the family. 
 Cremation Niche An above-ground burial space, in which a decedent's urn, containing their cremated remains, is placed and sometimes sealed. 
 Funeral Merchandise and Services Merchandise such as burial caskets and related accessories, outer burial containers, urns and other cremation receptacles, casket and cremation memorialization products, flowers, and professional services relating to funerals including arranging and directing services, use of funeral facilities and motor vehicles, removal, preparation, embalming, cremations, memorialization, visitations, travel protection, and catering. 
 Funeral Services Performed The number of funeral services, including cremations, provided after the date of death, sometimes referred to as funeral volume. 
 General Agency (GA) Revenue Commissions we receive from third-party life insurance companies for life insurance policies sold to preneed customers for the purpose of funding preneed funeral arrangements. The commission rate paid is determined based on the product type sold, the length of payment terms, and the health and age of the insured/annuitant. 
 FORM 10-Q 3 

Interment The burial or final placement of human remains in the ground (interment), in mausoleums (entombment), or in niches or cremation memorialization property (inurnment). 
 Lawn Crypt Cemetery property in which an underground outer burial receptacle constructed of concrete and reinforced steel has been pre-installed in predetermined designated areas. 
 Maturity When the underlying contracted merchandise is delivered or service is performed, typically at death. This is the point at which preneed funeral contracts are converted to atneed contracts (note delivery of certain merchandise and services can occur prior to death). 
 Mausoleum An above ground structure that is designed to house caskets and/or cremation urns. 
 Merchandise and Service Trust A trust account established in accordance with state or provincial law into which we deposit the required percentage of customers payments for preneed funeral, cremation, or cemetery merchandise and services to be delivered or performed by us in the future. The amounts deposited can be withdrawn only after we have completed our obligations under the preneed contract or upon the cancellation of the contract. Also referred to as a preneed trust. 
 Non-Funeral Home Preneed Sales Revenue Non-funeral home general agency revenue and merchandise and travel protection revenues, net, sold to a preneed customer and delivered before a death has occurred. 
 Outer Burial Container A reinforced container intended to inhibit the subsidence of the earth and house the casket after it is placed in the ground, also known as a burial vault. 
 Preneed Purchase of cemetery property interment rights or any funeral or cemetery merchandise and services prior to death occurring. 
 Preneed Backlog or Backlog of Preneed Revenue Future revenue from unfulfilled preneed funeral, cremation, and cemetery contractual arrangements. 
 Preneed Cemetery Sales Production Sales of preneed cemetery contracts. These sales are recorded in Deferred revenue, net until the merchandise is delivered, the service is performed, or the property has been constructed and is available for interment. 
 Preneed Funeral Sales Production Sales of preneed funeral trust-funded and insurance-funded contracts. Preneed funeral trust-funded contracts are recorded in Deferred revenue, net until the merchandise is delivered or the service is performed. We do not reflect the unfulfilled insurance-funded preneed funeral contract amounts in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The proceeds of the life insurance policies will be reflected in revenue as these funerals are performed by us in the future. 
 Preneed Receivables, Net Amounts due from customers when we have delivered the merchandise, performed the service, or transferred control of the cemetery property interment rights prior to a death occurring and amounts due from customers on irrevocable preneed contracts. 
 Travel Protection A service provided by a third-party that provides shipment of remains to the servicing funeral home of choice if the purchaser passes away outside of a certain radius of their residence. 
 Trust Fund Income Recognized investment earnings from our merchandise, service, and perpetual care trust investments. 
 As used herein, SCI, Company, we, our, and us refer to Service Corporation International and companies owned directly or indirectly by Service Corporation International, unless the context requires otherwise. Management has published a white paper on the corporate website for further understanding of accounting for preneed sales. You can view the white paper at http://investors.sci-corp.com under Featured Documents. Documents and information on our website are not incorporated by reference herein. 

4 Service Corporation International 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Service Corporation International 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Revenue Property and merchandise revenue Service revenue Other revenue Total revenue Costs of revenue Cost of property and merchandise ) ) ) ) Cost of service ) ) ) ) Overhead and other expenses ) ) ) ) Costs of revenue ) ) ) ) Gross profit Corporate general and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Gains on divestitures and impairment charges, net Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Losses on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic earnings per share: Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic weighted average number of shares Diluted earnings per share: Net income attributable to common stockholders Diluted weighted average number of shares 
 (See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements) 
 FORM 10-Q 5 

PART I 

 Service Corporation International 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 
 (See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements) 
 6 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Service Corporation International 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands, except share amounts) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of reserves of and , respectively 
 Inventories Income tax receivable Other Total current assets Preneed receivables, net of reserves of and , respectively, and trust investments 
 Cemetery property Property and equipment, net Goodwill Deferred charges and other assets, net of reserves of and , respectively 
 Cemetery perpetual care trust investments Total assets LIABILITIES EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred revenue, net Deferred tax liability Other liabilities Deferred receipts held in trust Care trusts corpus Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) per share par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, respectively, and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total common stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements) 
 FORM 10-Q 7 

PART I 

 Service Corporation International 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Loss on early extinguishment of debt Depreciation and amortization Amortization of intangibles Amortization of cemetery property Amortization of loan costs Provision for expected credit losses Provision for deferred income taxes Gains on divestitures and impairment charges, net ) ) Share-based compensation Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and divestitures: Decrease in receivables Decrease (increase) in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in payables and other liabilities ) Effect of preneed sales production and maturities: Increase in preneed receivables, net and trust investments ) ) Increase in deferred revenue, net Increase in deferred receipts held in trust Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Real estate acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from divestitures and sales of property and equipment Payments for Company-owned life insurance policies ) ) Proceeds from Company-owned life insurance policies and other Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Debt issuance costs ) ) Scheduled payments of debt ) ) Early payments and extinguishment of debt ) ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Purchase of Company common stock ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) Bank overdrafts and other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period (See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements) 
 8 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Service Corporation International 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock, Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Noncontrolling Interest Total (In thousands, except per share amounts) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Comprehensive income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Employee share-based compensation earned Stock option exercises Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest payments ) ) Other ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Employee share-based compensation earned Stock option exercises Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest payments ) ) Other Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Employee share-based compensation earned Stock option exercises Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest payments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

FORM 10-Q 9 

PART I 

 Service Corporation International 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity (Unaudited) 

Common Stock Treasury Stock, Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Noncontrolling Interest Total (In thousands, except per share amounts) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Employee share-based compensation earned Stock option exercises Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Employee share-based compensation earned Stock option exercises Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest payments ) ) Other Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Employee share-based compensation earned Stock option exercises Purchase of Company common stock ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest proceeds Balance at September 30, 2024 ) (See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements) 
 10 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Service Corporation International 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 Service Corporation International (SCI) is a holding company and all operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. We are North America s largest provider of deathcare products and services, with a network of funeral service locations and cemeteries operating in the United States and Canada. Our funeral service and cemetery operations consist of funeral service locations, cemeteries, funeral service/cemetery combination locations, crematoria, and other related businesses, which enable us to serve a wide array of customer needs. We sell cemetery property and funeral and cemetery merchandise and services at the time of need and on a preneed basis. We strive to offer families exceptional service in planning life celebrations and personalized remembrances. 
 Funeral service locations provide all professional services relating to funerals and cremations, including the use of funeral facilities and motor vehicles, arranging and directing services, removal, preparation, embalming, cremations, memorialization, travel protection, and catering. Funeral merchandise, including burial caskets and related accessories, urns and other cremation receptacles, outer burial containers, flowers, online and video tributes, stationery products, casket and cremation memorialization products, and other ancillary merchandise, is sold at funeral service locations. 
 Our cemeteries provide cemetery property interment rights, including developed lots, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces, cremation niches, and other cremation memorialization and interment options. Cemetery merchandise and services, including cemetery markers and bases, outer burial containers, flowers and floral placement, other ancillary merchandise, graveside memorial services, merchandise installation, and interments, are sold at our cemeteries. 
 
 2. 
 
 FORM 10-Q 11 

PART I 

 Restricted cash Included in Other current assets 
 Included in Deferred charges and other assets, net 
 Total restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Reserve for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Receivables, net 
 December 31, 2023 Atneed Funeral Atneed Cemetery Miscellaneous Current Portion of Notes Total (In thousands) Receivables Reserve for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Receivables, net 
 
 Additionally, included in Deferred charges and other assets, net were long-term miscellaneous receivables, net and notes receivable, net as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Notes receivable Reserve for credit losses ) ) Notes receivable, net Long-term miscellaneous receivables Reserve for credit losses ) ) Long-term miscellaneous receivables, net 
 
 12 Service Corporation International 

PART I ) ) ) Cemetery ) ) ) ) Total reserve for credit losses on trade receivables ) ) ) ) Miscellaneous receivables: Current ) ) ) Long-term ) ) ) Total reserve for credit losses on miscellaneous receivables ) ) ) Notes receivable ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the amortized cost basis of our miscellaneous and notes receivables by year of origination was as follows: 
 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving Line of Credit Total (In thousands) Miscellaneous receivables: Current Long-term Total miscellaneous receivables Notes receivable 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the payment status of our miscellaneous and notes receivables was as follows: 
 Past Due 180 Days Total Current Total (In thousands) Miscellaneous receivables: Current Long-term Total miscellaneous receivables Notes receivable 
 
 FORM 10-Q 13 

PART I 

3. 
 Trust investments, at market Insurance-backed fixed income securities and other Trust investments Less: Cemetery perpetual care trust investments ) ) Preneed trust investments Preneed receivables, net and trust investments 
 14 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Unearned finance charges ) ) ) Preneed receivables, at amortized cost Reserve for credit losses ) ) ) Preneed receivables, net December 31, 2023 Funeral Cemetery Total (In thousands) Preneed receivables Unearned finance charges ) ) ) Preneed receivables, at amortized cost Reserve for credit losses ) ) ) Preneed receivables, net 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the amortized cost basis of our preneed receivables by year of origination was as follows: 
 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total (In thousands) Preneed receivables, at amortized cost: Funeral Cemetery Total preneed receivables, at amortized cost 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the payment status of our preneed receivables was as follows: 
 Past Due 180 Days Total Current Total (In thousands) Preneed receivables, at amortized cost: Funeral Cemetery Total preneed receivables, at amortized cost 
 FORM 10-Q 15 

PART I ) ) Cemetery ) ) ) Total reserve for credit losses on preneed receivables ) ) ) 
 
 The table below sets forth certain investment-related activities associated with our trusts: 
 
 Withdrawals Purchases of securities Sales of securities Realized gains from sales of securities (1) 
 Realized losses from sales of securities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) All realized gains and losses are recognized in Other income, net for our trust investments and are offset by a corresponding reclassification in Other income, net to Deferred receipts held in trust and Care trusts corpus. 
 16 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 ) Canadian government 2 Corporate 2 ) Residential mortgage-backed 2 ) Asset-backed 2 ) Equity securities: Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock: United States 1 ) Canada 1 ) Other international 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 1 ) Trust investments, at fair value ) Commingled funds Fixed income ) Equity Money market funds Alternative investments ) Trust investments, at net asset value ) Trust investments, at market ) 
 FORM 10-Q 17 

PART I 

 ) Canadian government 2 Corporate 2 ) Residential mortgage-backed 2 ) Asset-backed 2 ) Equity securities: Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock: United States 1 ) Canada 1 ) Other international 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 1 ) Trust investments, at fair value ) Commingled funds Fixed income ) Equity ) Money market funds Alternative investments ) Trust investments, at net asset value ) Trust investments, at market ) 
 Our alternative investments include funds invested in limited partnerships with interests in private equity, private market real estate, energy and natural resources, infrastructure, transportation, and private debt including both distressed debt and mezzanine financing. These investments can never be redeemed by the funds. Instead, due to the nature of the investments in this category, distributions are received through the liquidation of the underlying assets of the funds. The funds' managers have not communicated the timing of any liquidations. 
 to . Maturities of fixed income securities (excluding mutual and commingled funds) at September 30, 2024 are estimated as follows: 
 Fair Value (In thousands) Due in one year or less Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total estimated maturities of fixed income securities 
 Recognized trust fund income (realized and unrealized) related to our preneed trust investments was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Recognized trust fund income (realized and unrealized) related to our cemetery perpetual care trust investments was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Recognized trust fund income (realized and unrealized) related to our preneed trust investments was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Recognized trust fund income (realized 
 18 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Deferred Revenue, Net 
 Deferred revenue, net represents future revenue, including distributed trust investment earnings associated with unperformed trust-funded preneed contracts that are not held in trust accounts. Future revenue and net trust investment earnings that are held in trust accounts are included in Deferred receipts held in trust . 
 The components of Deferred revenue, net in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Deferred revenue Amounts due from customers for unfulfilled performance obligations on cancelable preneed contracts ) ) Deferred revenue, net 
 Net preneed contract sales Acquisitions (dispositions) of businesses, net ) Net investment gains (1) 
 Recognized revenue from backlog (2) 
 ) ) Recognized revenue from current period sales ) ) Change in amounts due on unfulfilled performance obligations ) ) Change in cancellation reserve ) Effect of foreign currency and other ) ) Ending balance Deferred revenue, net and Deferred receipts held in trust 
 
 (1) Includes both realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 (2) Includes current year trust fund income through the date of performance 
 FORM 10-Q 19 

PART II 

 4. 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rate was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lower effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to more excess tax benefits recognized on the settlement of employee share-based awards. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were higher than the federal statutory tax rate of primarily due to state tax expense, partially offset by excess tax benefits recognized on the settlement of employee share-based awards. 
 We actively participate in tax credit equity investments for projects eligible to receive renewable energy tax credits. These investments, accounted for under the equity method, are recorded in Deferred charges and other assets, net of reserves on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Upon realization, tax credits associated with these investments are recognized as a reduction of tax expense. This reduction is offset by amortization of the investment in proportion to the tax benefits received during the period under the proportional amortization method. During 2024, we recognized investment tax credits and other tax benefits totaling million and amortized the equity investment by million to reflect the realization of these benefits. This amortization is reflected within the Provision for income taxes in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total amount of our unrecognized tax benefits was million and the total amount of our accrued interest was approximately million. 
 million within the next twelve months as a result of concluding various state tax matters . 
 
 5. 
 
 4.625 Senior Notes due December 2027 5.125 Senior Notes due June 2029 3.375 Senior Notes due August 2030 4.0 Senior Notes due May 2031 5.75 Senior Notes due October 2032 Term Loan due January 2028 Bank Credit Facility due January 2028 Obligations under finance leases Mortgage notes and other debt, maturities through 2050 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 Current maturities of debt at September 30, 2024 include amounts due under our term loan, mortgage notes and other debt, and finance lease payments due within the next year as well as the portion of unamortized debt issuance costs expected to be recognized in the next twelve months. 
 Approximately and of our total debt had a fixed interest rate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 20 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Floating Debt Total Debt 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we paid million and million in cash interest, respectively. 
 Bank Credit Agreement 
 The Bank Credit Facility due January 2028 provides us with flexibility for working capital, if needed, and is guaranteed by a majority of our domestic subsidiaries. The subsidiary guaranty is a guaranty of payment of the outstanding amount of the total lending commitment, including letters of credit. The Bank Credit Facility contains a maximum leverage ratio financial covenant and certain dividend and share repurchase restrictions. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. We have million of letters of credit outstanding and pay a quarterly fee of on the unused commitment at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had million in borrowing capacity under the Bank Credit Facility. The Bank Credit Facility had an interest rate of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Building Financing 
 
 In August 2024, we entered into a new million construction loan agreement due 2037 with a syndicate of banks. The purpose of this loan is to provide financing for a new corporate headquarters building. This transaction resulted in additional debt issuance costs of million. As of September 30, 2024, we had no borrowing outstanding. 
 Debt Issuances and Additions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued or added million of debt including: 
 million unsecured 5.75 Senior Notes due October 2032; 
 million on our Bank Credit Facility due January 2028; and 
 million in other debt. 
 Net proceeds from newly issued debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were used to pay down our Bank Credit Facility due January 2028 and for general corporate purposes. These transactions resulted in additional debt issuance costs of million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we issued or added million of debt including: 
 million from certain members of the syndicate of banks in our Term Loan; 
 million on our Bank Credit Facility due January 2028; 
 million from certain members of the syndicate of banks in our Bank Credit Facility; 
 million on our Bank Credit Facility due May 2024; and 
 million in other debt. 
 Net proceeds from newly issued debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were used to pay off our Bank Credit Facility due May 2024, our Term Loan due May 2024, and for general corporate purposes. These transactions resulted in additional debt issuance costs of million. 
 Debt Extinguishments and Reductions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made aggregate debt payments of million for scheduled and early debt extinguishment payments including: 
 million in aggregate principal of our Bank Credit Facility due January 2028; 
 million in aggregate principal of our Term Loan due January 2028; 
 million in aggregate principal of our 7.5 Senior Notes due April 2027 repurchased in the open market; and 
 million in other debt. 
 FORM 10-Q 21 

PART I 

 million for scheduled and early debt extinguishment payments including: 
 million in aggregate principal to other members of our Bank Credit Facility; 
 million in aggregate principal to other members of our Term Loan; 
 million in aggregate principal of our Bank Credit Facility due January 2028; 
 million in aggregate principal of our Term Loan due January 2028; 
 million in aggregate principal of our 7.5 Senior Notes due April 2027 repurchased in the open market; 
 million of premiums paid on early extinguishment of debt; and 
 million in other debt. 
 Certain of the 2023 transactions resulted in a loss of million recorded in Losses on early extinguishment of debt in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 6. 
 4.625 Senior Notes due December 2027 5.125 Senior Notes due June 2029 3.375 Senior Notes due August 2030 4.0 Senior Notes due May 2031 5.75 Senior Notes due October 2032 Term Loan due January 2028 Bank Credit Facility due January 2028 Mortgage notes and other debt, maturities through 2050 Total fair value of debt instruments 
 
 22 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 7. 
 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of million, which is an average cost per share of . After these repurchases, the remaining dollar value of shares authorized to be purchased under the share repurchase program was million at September 30, 2024. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares for million at an average cost per share of . After these repurchases, the remaining dollar value of shares authorized to be purchased under the share repurchase program is million. 
 FORM 10-Q 23 

PART I 

8. 
 Matured preneed revenue Core funeral revenue Non-funeral home revenue Non-funeral home preneed sales revenue Core general agency and other revenue Total funeral revenue Cemetery revenue: Atneed revenue Recognized preneed property revenue Recognized preneed merchandise and services revenue Core cemetery revenue Other revenue Total cemetery revenue Total revenue from customers Gross profit: Funeral gross profit Cemetery gross profit Gross profit from reportable segments Corporate general and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Gains on divestitures and impairment charges, net Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Losses on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes 
 24 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

2023 Nine months ended September 30, Revenue from external customers: 2024 2023 
 
 9. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 We are a party to various litigation and regulatory matters, investigations, and proceedings. Some of the more frequent routine litigations incidental to our business are based on burial practice claims and employment-related matters, including discrimination, harassment, and wage and hour laws and regulations. For each of our outstanding legal matters, we evaluate the merits of the case, our exposure to the matter, possible legal or settlement strategies, and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in the matters described herein; however, if we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated, or if we determine an amount for which we would be willing to settle the matter to avoid further costs and risk, we establish the necessary accruals. We hold certain insurance policies that may reduce cash outflows with respect to an adverse outcome of these matters. We accrue such insurance recoveries when they become probable of being paid and can be reasonably estimated. 
 Operational Claims . We are named as a defendant in various lawsuits alleging operational claims, including but not limited to the State of California described below. 
 The People of the State of California v. Service Corporation International, a Texas corporation, SCI Direct, Inc. a Florida Corporation, S.E. Acquisition of California, Inc., a California corporation dba Neptune Society of Northern California, Neptune Management Corp., a California corporation, Trident Society, Inc. a California corporation, and Does 1 through 100, inclusive, Case No. RG 19045103; in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Alameda. In July 2019, we received a letter from the Attorney General, State of California, Department of Justice CAAG") alleging that the allocation of prices among certain of our cremation service contracts and cremation merchandise contracts, and the related preneed trust funding, violates section 7735 of the California Business and Professions Code and that provisions of these same contracts constitute false advertising and deceptive sales practices in violation of California consumer protection laws. On November 21, 2019, we filed a complaint, S.E. Combined Services of California, Inc., a California Corporation dba Neptune Society of Northern California, Neptune Management Corp. a California Corporation, and Trident Society, Inc. v. Xavier Becerra, Attorney General of the State of California, and Does 1-50, Case No. 34-2019-00269617; in the Sacramento County Superior Court seeking declaratory relief holding, in general, that our practices, methods, and documentation utilized in the sale of preneed funeral goods and services are in all respects compliant with California law. On December 2, 2019, the CAAG filed the complaint, referenced above, seeking permanent injunction from making false statements and engaging in unfair competition, a placement of funds into preneed trusts, civil penalties, customer refunds, attorneys fees, and costs. The parties have reached a settlement of the lawsuit that includes civil penalties of 23 million and provides certain preneed contract consumers the right to receive refunds. The court has approved the settlement, the civil penalties have been paid as of June 30, 2024, and the administrative claims process is underway. The claims period closed on October 7, 2024, and although customers may request refunds beyond that date, we maintain a reserve that we believe is sufficient to cover all costs related to the settlement. The settlement represents a compromise of contested claims and does not contain any admission of wrongdoing or fault on the part of the Company, its board of directors, or executive officers in the action settlement. 
 FORM 10-Q 25 

PART I 

 Unclaimed Property Audits 
 We have received notices from auditors representing the unclaimed property departments of approximately forty states regarding the escheatment of preneed trust funds held in association with unused preneed funeral and cemetery contracts ("Unused Preneed Trust Funds"). The states claim that these Unused Preneed Trust Funds are subject to the states unclaimed property or escheatment laws and generally assert that all or a portion of the Unused Preneed Trust Funds are escheatable if the beneficiary and/or purchaser is deceased or presumed deceased and no services or merchandise have been provided. We received notice that no additional property is due to be reported for the states of Alabama, Connecticut, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, West Virginia, and Wyoming. We consider the unclaimed property audits resolved in those eighteen states. 
 We have entered into an audit resolution agreement with the State of Florida Department of Financial Services and Division of Unclaimed Property ("Florida Agreement"). The Florida Agreement provides for the Company to retain the trust fund earnings and to escheat the principal to the State of Florida, which resulted in an increase in trust fund income in 2023 and 2024. 
 We have reserved all of our rights, claims, and defenses. Given the nature of these matters, we are unable to reasonably estimate the total possible loss or ranges of loss, if any. 
 We believe we have strong defenses to these claims and we intend to vigorously defend all of the above matters; however, an adverse decision in one or more of such matters could have a material effect on us, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 10. 
 Weighted average shares: Weighted average shares basic Stock options Restricted share units Weighted average shares diluted Amounts attributable to common stockholders: Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 The computation of diluted EPS excludes outstanding stock options and restricted share units in certain periods in which the inclusion of such equity awards would be antidilutive to the periods presented. Total antidilutive options not currently included in the computation of diluted earnings per share are as follows (in shares): 
 
 26 Service Corporation International 

PART II 

 11. Acquisitions and Divestiture-Related Activities 
 Acquisitions 
 We spent million and million for several business acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This includes million of cash acquired. In addition, we acquired million and million for several real estate acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we acquired a total of 10 funeral homes and 2 cemeteries, including one combination location, for million in total cash. This includes two separate acquisitions in major metropolitan markets for million in cash. 
 The primary reasons for the acquisitions and the principal factors that contributed to the recognition of goodwill in these acquisitions were: 
 the acquisitions enhance our network footprint, enabling us to serve a number of complementary areas; and 
 the acquisitions of the preneed backlog of deferred revenues enhance our long-term stability. 
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the two separate acquisitions (in thousands): 
 Other current assets Cemetery property Property and equipment, net Preneed receivables, net and trust investments Indefinite-lived intangible assets Deferred charges and other assets Cemetery perpetual care trust investments Goodwill Total assets acquired Current liabilities Deferred revenue and deferred receipts held in trust Long-term debt Deferred tax liability Care trusts' corpus Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The purchase accounting is preliminary as we have not finalized our assessment of the fair value because there has been insufficient time between the acquisition date and the issuance of these financial statements to complete our review and final determination of fair value. 
 Goodwill, land, and certain identifiable intangible assets recorded in the acquisition are not subject to amortization; however, the goodwill and intangible assets will be tested periodically for impairment. Of the million in recognized goodwill, million is deductible for tax purposes. Of this total, million was allocated to our cemetery segment, while million was allocated to our funeral segment. Tradenames comprise the identified intangible assets. 
 We incurred acquisition costs of million, which is included in General and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Pro forma summary results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 have not been provided as it is impracticable to do so given the extent of integration activities to date. 
 FORM 10-Q 27 

PART II 

 Divestiture-Related Activities 
 Impairment losses ) ) Gains on divestitures and impairment charges, net 
 28 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The Company 
 We are North America s largest provider of deathcare products and services, with a network of funeral service locations and cemeteries unequaled in geographic scale and reach. At September 30, 2024, we operated 1,495 funeral service locations and 494 cemeteries (including 307 funeral service/cemetery combination locations), which are geographically diversified across 44 states, eight Canadian provinces, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. Our funeral and cemetery operations consist of funeral service locations, cemeteries, funeral service/cemetery combination locations, crematoria, and other related businesses, which enable us to serve a wide array of customer needs. We sell cemetery property and funeral and cemetery merchandise and services at the time of need and on a preneed basis. Our financial position is enhanced by our 16.0 billion backlog of future revenue from both trust and insurance-funded preneed sales at September 30, 2024. Preneed selling provides us with a strategic opportunity to gain future market share. We also believe it adds to the stability and predictability of our revenue and cash flows. While revenue on the majority of preneed merchandise and service sales is deferred until the time of need, sales of preneed cemetery property provide opportunities for full current revenue recognition to the extent that the property is developed and available for use. 
 We strive to offer families exceptional service in planning life celebrations and personalized remembrances. Our Dignity Memorial brand serves approximately 600,000 families each year with professionalism, compassion, and attention to detail. 
 Factors affecting our operating results include: demographic trends in terms of population growth and average age, which impact death rates and number of deaths; establishing and maintaining leading market share positions supported by strong local heritage and relationships; effectively responding to increasing cremation trends by selling complementary services and merchandise; controlling salary and merchandise costs; and exercising pricing leverage related to our atneed revenue. The average revenue per funeral contract is influenced by the mix of traditional and cremation services because our average revenue for cremations is lower than that for traditional burials. To further enhance revenue opportunities, we continue to focus on our cremation customers' preferences and remaining relevant by developing additional memorialization merchandise and services that specifically appeal to cremation customers. We believe the presentation of these additional merchandise and services through our customer-facing technology improves our customers' experience by reducing administrative burdens and allowing them to visualize the enhanced product and service offerings, which we believe will help drive increases in the average revenue for a cremation in future periods. 
 For further discussion of our key operating metrics, see our " Cash Flow " and Results of Operations sections below. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 
 We have adequate liquidity and a favorable debt maturity profile, which allow us to reinvest and grow our business as well as return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. 
 
 Capital Allocation Considerations 
 We rely on cash flow from operations as a significant source of liquidity. Our cash flow from operating activities provided 680.8 million in the first nine months of 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,351.0 million in remaining borrowing capacity under our Bank Credit Facility. 
 Our Bank Credit Facility requires us to maintain a certain leverage ratio with which we were in compliance at September 30, 2024. We target a leverage ratio of 3.5x to 4.0x. 
 Our leverage ratio requirement and actual ratio as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: Per Credit Agreement Actual Leverage ratio 5.00 (Max) 3.78 
 We have the financial strength and flexibility to reward shareholders with dividends while maintaining a prudent capital structure and pursuing new opportunities for profitable growth. 
 Our unencumbered cash on hand, future operating cash flows, and the available capacity under our Bank Credit Facilities will give us adequate liquidity to meet our short-term needs as well as our long-term financial obligations. A portion of our cash on hand is encumbered primarily due to cash balances residing in Canada and Puerto Rico, as well as minimum captive insurance balance and operating cash requirements. 
 FORM 10-Q 29 

PART I 

 We consistently evaluate the best uses of our cash flow that will yield the highest value and return on capital. Our capital allocation strategy is prioritized as follows: 
 Investing in Acquisitions and Building New Funeral Service and Cemetery Locations. We manage our footprint by focusing on strategic acquisitions and building new funeral service and cemetery locations where the expected returns are attractive and exceed our weighted average cost of capital by a meaningful margin. We target businesses with favorable customer dynamics and/or where we can achieve additional economies of scale. We continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and build new funeral service and cemetery locations in areas that provide us with the potential for scale. 
 Return Excess Cash to Shareholders. Absent strategic acquisition or other higher return opportunities, we intend to return excess cash to shareholders. Our quarterly dividend rate has steadily grown from 0.025 per common share in 2005 to 0.30 per common share in 2024. We target a payout ratio of 30 to 40 of after tax earnings excluding special items and intend to grow our cash dividend commensurate with the growth in our business. While we intend to pay regular quarterly cash dividends for the foreseeable future, all future dividends are subject to limitations in our debt covenant, and final determination by our Board of Directors each quarter upon review of our financial performance. 
 Managing Debt. We continue to focus on maintaining optimal levels of liquidity and financial flexibility. We generate a relatively consistent annual cash flow stream that is generally resistant to down economic cycles. This cash flow stream and our significant liquidity allow us to opportunistically manage our debt maturity profile as we maintain a target leverage ratio of 3.5x to 4.0x. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 Our ability to generate strong operating cash flow is one of our fundamental financial strengths and provides us with substantial flexibility in meeting operating and investing needs. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 680.8 million and 591.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The 89.3 million increase in operating cash flows from 2023 comprises: 
 a 63.9 million decrease in cash tax payments, 
 a 59.7 million increase in cash receipts from customers, 
 a 39.6 million increase in General Agency (GA) commission and other receipts, and 
 a 0.1 million decrease in employee compensation payments, partially offset by 
 a 23.5 million increase in cash interest payments, 
 a 16.8 million increase in vendor and other payments, 
 a 18.8 million increase in net trust deposits, and 
 a 14.9 million increase in payments for certain legal matters. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities used 484.6 million and 356.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The 128.0 million increased outflow in 2024 over 2023 is primarily due to the following: 
 a 89.3 million increase in cash spent on business acquisitions, 
 a 13.9 million increase in other investing activities primarily for investments in renewable energy tax credits, 
 a 12.2 million increase in cash spent on real estate acquisitions, 
 a 9.1 million increase in total capital expenditures which comprises: 
 a 3.7 million net increase in maintenance capital expenditures, which includes: 
 a 15.5 million decrease in expenditures for digital investments and corporate, 
 a 10.6 million increase in expenditures for cemetery property development, and 
 a 8.6 million increase in expenditures for capital improvements at existing field locations. 
 a 5.4 million increase in expenditures for growth capital expenditures/construction of new funeral service locations. 
 a 2.4 million decrease in net proceeds for Company-owned life insurance policies, and 
 30 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 a 1.1 million decrease in cash receipts from divestitures and asset sales. 
 Financing Activities 
 Financing activities used 230.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to using 262.2 million for the same period in 2023. The 31.4 million decreased outflow from 2024 over 2023 is primarily due to the following: 
 a 142.8 million decrease in purchase of Company common stock, 
 a 26.8 million increase in proceeds from exercises of stock options, partially offset by 
 a 132.0 million increase in debt repayments, net of proceeds, 
 a 5.3 million increase in payments of dividends, and 
 a 0.9 million change in bank overdrafts and other. 
 
 Financial Assurances 
 In support of our operations, we have entered into arrangements with certain surety companies whereby such companies agree to issue surety bonds on our behalf as financial assurance and/or as required by existing state and local regulations. The surety bonds are used for various business purposes; however, the majority of the surety bonds issued and outstanding have been used to support our preneed sales activities. The obligations underlying these surety bonds are recorded on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as Deferred revenue, net. The breakdown of surety bonds between funeral and cemetery preneed arrangements, as well as surety bonds for other activities, is described below. 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Preneed funeral 226.8 67.8 Preneed cemetery: Merchandise and services 135.6 141.3 Pre-construction 56.5 54.6 Bonds supporting preneed funeral and cemetery obligations 418.9 263.7 Bonds supporting preneed business permits 7.9 7.6 Other bonds 27.0 25.4 Total surety bonds outstanding 453.8 296.7 
 When selling preneed contracts, we may post surety bonds where allowed by state law. We post the surety bonds in lieu of trusting a certain amount of funds received from the customer. The amount of the bond posted is generally determined by the total amount of the preneed contract that would otherwise be required to be trusted, in accordance with applicable state law. 
 Surety bond premiums are paid annually and the bonds are automatically renewable until maturity of the underlying preneed contracts, unless we are given prior notice of cancellation. 
 Except for cemetery pre-construction bonds (which are irrevocable), the surety companies generally have the right to cancel the surety bonds at any time with appropriate notice. In the event a surety company were to cancel the surety bond, we are required to obtain replacement surety assurance from another surety company or fund a trust for an amount generally less than the posted bond amount. Management does not expect that we will be required to fund material future amounts related to these surety bonds due to a lack of surety capacity or surety company non-performance. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had an increase of 161.7 million in surety bonds supporting preneed funeral obligations related to certain legal matters discussed in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 9 . 
 
 Preneed Activities and Backlog of Contracts 
 In addition to selling our products and services to client families at the time of need, we enter into price-guaranteed preneed contracts, which provide for future funeral or cemetery merchandise and services. Because preneed funeral and cemetery merchandise and services will generally not be provided until sometime in the future, most states and provinces require that all or a portion of the funds collected from customers on preneed contracts be deposited into merchandise and service trusts until the merchandise is delivered or the service is performed. In certain situations, as described above, where permitted by state or provincial laws, we may post a surety bond as financial assurance for a certain amount of the preneed contract in lieu of placing funds into trust accounts. Alternatively, we may sell a life insurance or annuity policy from third-party insurance companies. 
 FORM 10-Q 31 

PART I 

 Insurance-Funded Preneed Contracts 
 Where permitted by state or provincial law, we may sell a life insurance or annuity policy from third-party insurance companies for which we earn a commission as general sales agent for the insurance company. These general agency revenues are based on a percentage per contract sold and are recognized as funeral revenue when the insurance purchase transaction between the preneed purchaser and third-party insurance provider is complete. All selling costs incurred pursuant to the sale of insurance-funded preneed contracts are expensed as incurred. We do not reflect the unfulfilled insurance-funded preneed contract amounts in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The proceeds of the life insurance policies or annuity contracts will be reflected in funeral revenue as we perform these funerals. In early July 2024, we finalized our agreement to change our preferred preneed insurance provider in the United States, which will allow us to further utilize our scale and streamline our processes across our network. 
 The table below details our results of insurance-funded preneed production and maturities. 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Preneed insurance-funded: Sales production (1) 
 174.4 176.1 548.9 537.4 Sales production (number of contracts) (1) 
 29,127 28,284 89,050 87,128 General agency revenue 59.3 49.0 163.3 139.8 Maturities 97.6 93.0 304.7 291.5 Maturities (number of contracts) 15,680 15,005 48,671 47,202 
 (1) Amounts are not included in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Trust-Funded Preneed Contracts 
 The funds collected from customers, and required by state or provincial law, are deposited into trusts. We retain any funds above the amounts required to be deposited into trust accounts and use them for working capital purposes, generally to offset the selling and administrative costs of our preneed programs. Although this represents cash flow to us, the associated revenues are deferred until the merchandise is delivered or services are performed (typically at maturity). The funds in trust are then invested by professional money managers with oversight by independent trustees in accordance with state and provincial laws. 
 32 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 The tables below detail our results of preneed production and maturities, excluding insurance contracts: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Funeral: Preneed trust-funded (including bonded): Sales production 121.1 138.4 391.3 418.2 Sales production (number of contracts) 29,188 33,782 95,436 102,881 Maturities 91.1 93.0 281.9 280.6 Maturities (number of contracts) 20,217 20,072 63,214 63,230 Cemetery: Sales production: Preneed 312.7 322.2 994.3 981.5 Atneed 105.5 103.1 319.9 317.9 Total sales production 418.2 425.3 1,314.2 1,299.4 Sales production deferred to backlog: Preneed 150.9 162.0 467.8 486.8 Atneed 73.6 72.1 228.4 224.6 Total sales production deferred to backlog 224.5 234.1 696.2 711.4 Revenue recognized from backlog: Preneed 113.1 132.3 335.1 356.5 Atneed 74.7 78.2 230.1 233.2 Total revenue recognized from backlog 187.8 210.5 565.2 589.7 
 Backlog of Preneed Contracts 
 The following table reflects our backlog of trust-funded deferred preneed contract revenue, including amounts related to deferred receipts held in trust at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, the table reflects our backlog of unfulfilled insurance-funded contracts (which are not included in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The backlog amounts presented include amounts due from customers for undelivered performance obligations on cancelable preneed contracts to arrive at our total backlog of deferred revenue. The table does not include the backlog associated with businesses that are held for sale. 
 The table also reflects our preneed receivables and trust investments associated with the backlog of deferred preneed contract revenue, including the amounts due from customers for undelivered performance obligations on cancelable preneed contracts. We believe that the table below is meaningful because it sets forth the aggregate amount of future revenue we expect to recognize as a result of preneed sales, as well as the amount of funds associated with this revenue. Because the future revenue exceeds the assets, future revenue will exceed the cash distributions actually received from the associated trusts and future collections from the customer. 
 FORM 10-Q 33 

PART I 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Cost Fair Value Cost (In billions) Deferred revenue, net 1.75 1.75 1.70 1.70 Amounts due from customers for unfulfilled performance obligations on cancelable preneed contracts 1.02 1.02 0.95 0.95 Deferred receipts held in trust 5.23 4.47 4.67 4.18 Allowance for cancellation on trust investments (0.30) (0.25) (0.26) (0.24) Backlog of trust-funded deferred revenue, net of estimated allowance for cancellation 7.70 6.99 7.06 6.59 Backlog of insurance-funded revenue (1) 
 8.29 8.29 7.78 7.78 Total backlog of deferred revenue 15.99 15.28 14.84 14.37 Preneed receivables, net and trust investments 6.77 6.02 6.19 5.70 Amounts due from customers for unfulfilled performance obligations on cancelable preneed contracts 1.02 1.02 0.95 0.95 Allowance for cancellation on trust investments (0.30) (0.25) (0.26) (0.24) Assets associated with backlog of trust-funded deferred revenue, net of estimated allowance for cancellation 7.49 6.79 6.88 6.41 Insurance policies associated with insurance-funded deferred revenue (1) 
 8.29 8.29 7.78 7.78 Total assets associated with backlog of preneed revenue 15.78 15.08 14.66 14.19 
 (1) Amounts are not included in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The fair value of our trust investments was based on a combination of quoted market prices, observable inputs such as interest rates or yield curves, and appraisals. As of September 30, 2024, the difference between the backlog and asset market amounts represents 0.17 billion related to contracts for which we have posted surety bonds as financial assurance in lieu of trusting, 1.39 billion collected from customers that were not required to be deposited into trusts, and 0.19 billion in allowable cash distributions from trust assets partially offset by 1.54 billion in amounts due on delivered property and merchandise. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the total backlog comprised 4.58 billion related to cemetery contracts and 11.41 billion related to funeral contracts. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the assets associated with the backlog of trust-funded deferred revenue comprised 4.59 billion related to cemetery contracts and 2.90 billion related to funeral contracts. As of September 30, 2024, the backlog of insurance-funded contracts of 8.29 billion was equal to the proceeds we expect to receive from the associated insurance policies when the corresponding contract is serviced. 
 
 Trust Investments 
 In addition to selling our products and services to client families at the time of need, we enter into price-guaranteed preneed funeral and cemetery contracts, which provide for future funeral or cemetery merchandise and services. Since preneed funeral and cemetery merchandise or services will generally not be provided until sometime in the future, most states and provinces require that all or a portion of the funds collected from customers on preneed funeral and cemetery contracts be paid into trusts and/or escrow accounts until the merchandise is delivered or the service is performed. Investment earnings associated with the trust investments are expected to mitigate the inflationary costs of providing the preneed funeral and cemetery merchandise and services in the future at the prices that were guaranteed at the time of sale. Also, we are required by state and provincial law to pay a portion of the proceeds from the preneed or atneed sale of cemetery property interment rights into perpetual care trusts. For these investments, the original corpus generally remains in the trust in perpetuity and the earnings or elected distributions are withdrawn as allowed to defray the expenses to maintain the cemetery property. While many states require that net capital gains or losses be retained and added to the corpus, certain states allow the net realized capital gains and losses to be included in the earnings that are distributed. Additionally, some states allow a total return distribution that may contain elements of income, capital appreciation, and principal. 
 Independent trustees manage and invest the majority of the funds deposited into the funeral and cemetery merchandise and service trusts as well as the cemetery perpetual care trusts. The majority of the trustees are selected based on their respective geographic footprint and qualifications per state and provincial regulations. Most of the trustees engage the same independent investment managers. These trustees, with input from SCI's wholly-owned registered investment advisor, establish an investment policy that serves as an operating document to guide the investment activities of the trusts including asset allocation and manager selection. The investments are also governed by state and provincial guidelines. All of the trusts 
 34 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 seek to control risk and volatility through a combination of asset classes, investment styles, and a diverse mix of investment managers. 
 Asset allocation is based on the liability structure of each funeral, cemetery, and perpetual care trust. Based on the various criteria set forth in the investment policy, the investment advisor recommends investment managers to the trustees. The primary investment objectives for the funeral and cemetery merchandise and service trusts include 1) preserving capital within acceptable levels of volatility and risk and 2) achieving growth of principal over time sufficient to preserve and increase the purchasing power of the assets. Preneed funeral and cemetery contracts generally take several years to mature; therefore, the funds associated with these contracts are often invested through several market cycles. 
 Where allowed by state and provincial regulations, the cemetery perpetual care trusts primary investment objectives are growth-oriented to provide for a fixed distribution rate from the trusts assets. Where such distributions are limited to ordinary income, the cemetery perpetual care trusts investment objectives emphasize providing a steady stream of current investment income with some capital appreciation. Both types of distributions are used to provide for the current and future maintenance and beautification of the cemetery properties. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 98 of our trusts were under the control and custody of four large financial institutions. The U.S. trustees primarily use four managed limited liability companies (LLCs), two for funeral and cemetery merchandise and service trust types and two for the cemetery perpetual care trust types, each with an independent trustee as custodian. Each financial institution acting as trustee, manages its allocation of trust assets in accordance with the investment policy through the purchase of the appropriate LLCs' units. For those accounts not eligible for participation in the LLCs or where a particular state's regulations contain other investment restrictions, the trustee utilizes institutional mutual funds that comply with our investment policy or with such state restrictions. The U.S. trusts include a modest allocation to alternative investments. These alternative investments are held in vehicles structured as LLCs and are managed by certain trustees. The trusts that are eligible to allocate a portion of their investments to alternative investments, purchase units of the respective alternative investment LLCs. 
 Investment Structures 
 The managed LLCs use the following structures for investments: 
 Commingled funds allow the trusts to access, at a reduced cost, some of the same investment managers and strategies used elsewhere in the portfolios. 
 Separately managed accounts are trusts that utilize separately managed accounts, where appropriate, to reduce the costs to the investment portfolios. 
 Mutual funds employ institutional share class mutual funds where operationally or economically efficient. These mutual funds are utilized to invest in various asset classes including U.S. equities, non-U.S. equities, corporate bonds, government bonds, high yield bonds, and commodities, all of which are governed by guidelines outlined in their individual prospectuses. 
 Asset Classes 
 Equity investments have historically provided long-term capital appreciation in excess of inflation. The trusts have direct investments in individual equity securities primarily in domestic equity portfolios that include large, mid, and small capitalization companies of different investment styles (i.e., growth and value). The majority of the equity allocation is managed by institutional investment managers that specialize in an objective-specific area of expertise. Our equity securities are exposed to market risk; however, we believe these securities are well-diversified. As of September 30, 2024, the largest single equity position represented approximately 1 of the total securities portfolio. 
 Fixed income investments are intended to preserve principal, provide a source of current income, and reduce overall portfolio volatility. The majority of the fixed income allocation for the trusts is invested in institutional share class mutual funds. Where the trusts have direct investments in individual fixed income securities, these are primarily in government and corporate instruments. 
 Canadian government fixed income securities are investments in Canadian federal and provincial government instruments. In many cases, regulatory restrictions mandate that the funds from the sales of preneed funeral and cemetery contracts sold in certain Canadian jurisdictions must be invested in these instruments. 
 Alternative investments serve to provide high rates of return with reduced volatility and lower correlation to publicly-traded securities. These investments are typically longer term in duration and are diversified by strategy, sector, manager, geography, and vintage year. The investments consist of numerous limited partnerships invested in private equity, private market real estate, energy and natural resources, infrastructure, transportation, and private debt including both distressed debt and mezzanine financing. The trustees that have oversight of their respective alternative LLCs work closely with the investment advisor in making all investment decisions. 
 FORM 10-Q 35 

PART I 

 Trust Performance 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Standard and Poor s 500 Index increased 22.1 and the Bloomberg s US Aggregate Bond Index decreased 4.5 . This compares to SCI trusts that returned 12.8 during the same period, which exceeded our internal custom benchmark. The SCI trusts have a diversified allocation of approximately 60 equities, 27 fixed income securities, 9 alternative and other investments with the remaining 5 available in money market funds. 
 Recognized trust fund income (realized and unrealized) related to our preneed trust investments was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Recognized trust fund income (realized and unrealized) related to our cemetery perpetual care trust investments was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in recognized trust fund income is primarily due to the market returns experienced over the trailing twelve month period. 
 SCI, the trustees, and the investment advisor monitor the capital markets and the trusts on an on-going basis. The trustees, with input from the investment advisor, take prudent action as needed to achieve the investment goals and objectives of the trusts. 
 
 Results of Operations Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Management Summary 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders of 117.8 million 0.81 per diluted share) compared to net income attributable to common stockholders in the third quarter of 2023 of 122.0 million 0.80 per diluted share). These results were impacted by certain items including: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Pre-tax gains on divestitures and impairment charges, net 3.5 2.5 Tax effect from significant items (1.1) (0.5) Change in uncertain tax reserves and other 0.1 0.9 
 In addition to the above items, operating results are relatively flat over the prior year quarter. Also, higher interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses were partially offset by a lower tax rate and lower share count. 
 36 Service Corporation International 

PART I 

 Funeral Results 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except average revenue per service) Consolidated funeral revenue 566.0 554.8 Less: revenue associated with acquisitions/new construction 9.0 3.1 Less: revenue associated with divestitures 0.1 1.8 Comparable (1) funeral revenue 
 556.9 549.9 Less: non-funeral home preneed sales revenue 26.5 32.0 Less: core general agency and other revenue 52.7 45.1 Adjusted comparable funeral revenue 477.7 472.8 Comparable services performed 83,804 84,470 Comparable average revenue per service (2) 
 5,700 5,597 Consolidated funeral gross profit 107.9 109.7 Less: gross profit (loss) associated with acquisitions/new construction 1.0 (0.1) Less: gross (loss) profit associated with divestitures (0.5) 0.9 Comparable (1) funeral gross profit 
 107.4 108.9 
 (1) We define comparable (or same store) operations as those funeral locations owned by us for the entire period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending September 30, 2024. 
 (2) We calculate comparable average revenue per service by dividing comparable funeral revenue, excluding general agency revenue, recognized preneed revenue, and other revenue to avoid distorting our average of normal funeral services revenue, by the comparable number of funeral services performed during the period. Recognized preneed revenue is excluded from our calculation of comparable average revenue per service because the associated service has not yet been performed. 
 Funeral Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue from funeral operations was 566.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 554.8 million for the same period in 2023. This 11.2 million increase is primarily attributable to the 5.9 million increase in revenue from acquired and newly constructed properties and the 7.0 million increase in comparable revenue. 
 Comparable revenue from funeral operations was 556.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 549.9 million for the same period in 2023. This 7.0 million, or 1.3 , increase is primarily due to a 4.4 million increase in core funeral revenue and a 7.6 million increase in core general agency revenue and other revenue offset by a 5.5 million decrease in non-funeral home preneed sales revenue. 
 The core funeral revenue increased by 4.4 million, or 1.0 , primarily due to a favorable 2.1 increase in core average revenue per service. This core average growth was achieved in light of an increase in the core cremation rate of 30 basis points to 56.8 . Non-funeral home preneed sales revenue decreased by 5.5 million, or 17.2 , primarily due to a decline of non-funeral home preneed sales production of 8.1 million, or 10.4 , impacted by our transition from trust to insurance-funded contracts. Core general agency and other revenue grew 7.6 million, primarily due to growth in general agency revenue from higher commission rates, primarily as a result of our new preneed insurance marketing agreement. 
 Funeral Gross Profit 
 Consolidated funeral gross profit decreased 1.8 million, or 1.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This decrease is primarily attributable to the decrease in comparable funeral gross profit of 1.5 million, or 1.4 . Comparable funeral gross profit decreased 1.5 million to 107.4 million and the comparable gross profit percentage decreased from 19.8 to 19.3 . The stability in gross profit, in light of modest revenue growth, reflects our continued focus on managing our fixed cost structure. 
 FORM 10-Q 37 

PART I 

 Cemetery Results 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Consolidated cemetery revenue 448.0 447.1 Less: revenue associated with acquisitions/new construction 1.4 0.4 Less: revenue associated with divestitures 0.1 Comparable (1) cemetery revenue 
 446.6 446.6 Consolidated cemetery gross profit 144.8 143.9 Less: gross loss associated with acquisitions/new construction (0.1) (0.4) Comparable (1) cemetery gross profit 
 144.9 144.3 
 (1) We define comparable (or same store) operations as those cemetery locations owned by us for the entire period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending September 30, 2024. 
 Cemetery Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue from our cemetery operations increased 0.9 million, or 0.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a 1.0 million increase in revenue contributed by newly constructed and acquired properties. 
 The comparable cemetery revenue was flat to prior year primarily due to a 4.8 million decrease in core revenue, which was offset by a 4.8 million increase in other revenue. The decrease in core revenue was driven by a 3.5 million decline in atneed revenue combined with a 1.3 million decrease in total recognized preneed revenue. Growth in recognized preneed merchandise and service revenue of 10.3 million from higher quality sales averages maturing out of the backlog was offset by a decline of 11.6 million in recognized preneed property revenue. Other revenue was higher by 4.8 million, or 16.5 , compared to the prior year quarter primarily from an increase in endowment care trust fund income related to the expansion of our total return investment strategy in certain states. 
 Cemetery Gross Profit 
 Consolidated cemetery gross profit slightly increased 0.9 million, or 0.6 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, which is primarily attributable to a 0.3 million increase in gross profit contributed by newly constructed and acquired properties and a 0.6 million increase in comparable cemetery gross profit. Comparable cemetery gross profit slightly increased 0.6 million to 144.9 million, and the gross profit percentage increased to 32.4 from 32.3 . This growth in gross profit on relatively flat revenue reflects our continued focus on managing our fixed cost structure. 
 
 Other Financial Statement Items 
 Corporate General and Administrative Expenses 
 Corporate general and administrative expenses were 43.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 of 33.2 million. The current year third quarter was pressured by long-term incentive compensation plan expenses that were impacted by the growth in our stock price. Conversely, during the prior year third quarter we saw a decline in our stock price benefiting our long-term incentive compensation plan expenses. 
 Gains on Divestitures and Impairment Charges, Net 
 We recognized a 3.5 million net pre-tax gain on asset divestitures and impairments in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a 2.5 million net pre-tax gain in the third quarter of 2023 on asset divestitures due to non-strategic asset divestitures. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 4.3 million to 65.8 million for the third quarter of 2024 primarily due to higher average balances quarter over quarter on our floating rate debt. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net increased 2.7 million to 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher investment income from higher investment balances and new investment products compared to the prior year. 
 FORM 10-Q 38 

PART I 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate was 21.1 and 24.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lower effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to more excess tax benefits recognized on the settlement of employee share-based awards. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was higher than the federal statutory tax rate of 21.0 primarily due to state tax expense, partially offset by excess tax benefits recognized on the settlement of employee share-based awards. 
 Weighted Average Shares 
 The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding was 146.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 152.3 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease primarily reflects the impact of shares repurchased under our share repurchase program. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Management Summary 
 In th e first nine months of 2024, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders of 367.3 million 2.50 per diluted share) compared to net income attributable to common stockholders for the same period in 2023 of 398.9 million 2.60 per diluted share). These results were impacted by certain items including: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Pre-tax gains on divestitures and impairment charges, net 4.8 10.2 Pre-tax losses on early extinguishment of debt (1.1) Tax effect from significant items (1.6) (2.5) Change in uncertain tax reserves and other 1.0 1.4 
 In addition to the above items, the decrease from the prior year is primarily due to lower funeral gross profit on lower services performed which was partially offset by slightly higher cemetery gross profit. Also, higher interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses were partially offset by a lower tax rate and lower share count. 
 FORM 10-Q 39 

PART I 

 Funeral Results 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions, except average revenue per service) Consolidated funeral revenue 1,736.5 1,729.9 Less: revenue associated with acquisitions/new construction 20.7 4.9 Less: revenue associated with divestitures 1.6 4.4 Comparable (1) funeral revenue 
 1,714.2 1,720.6 Less: non-funeral home preneed sales revenue 84.3 109.1 Less: core general agency and other revenue 150.1 137.5 Adjusted comparable funeral revenue 1,479.8 1,474.0 Comparable services performed 261,755 267,261 Comparable average revenue per service (2) 
 5,653 5,515 Consolidated funeral gross profit 340.2 374.8 Less: gross profit associated with acquisitions/new construction 2.0 0.1 Less: gross profit (losses) associated with divestitures 0.1 0.4 Comparable (1) funeral gross profit 
 338.1 374.3 
 (1) We define comparable (or same store) operations as those funeral locations owned by us for the entire period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending September 30, 2024. 
 (2) We calculate comparable average revenue per service by dividing comparable funeral revenue, excluding general agency revenue, non-funeral home preneed sales revenue, and other revenue to avoid distorting our average of normal funeral services revenue, by the comparable number of funeral services performed during the period. 
 Funeral Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue from funeral operations was 1,736.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,729.9 million for the same period in 2023. This 6.6 million increase is primarily attributable to 15.8 million of growth in revenue contributed by acquired and newly constructed properties offset by a 6.4 million decrease in comparable revenue as described below. 
 Comparable revenue from funeral operations was 1,714.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,720.6 million for the same period in 2023. The 6.4 million decrease was due to a 24.8 million decrease in non-funeral home preneed sales revenue, partially offset by an increase of 12.6 million in core general agency and other revenue. 
 Non-funeral home preneed sales revenue decreased by 24.8 million primarily due to a decline of non-funeral home preneed sales production of 10.5 million, or 4.5 , impacted by our transition from trust to insurance-funded contracts. Core general agency and other revenue grew 12.6 million, primarily due to growth in general agency revenue from higher commission rates, primarily as a result of our new preneed insurance marketing agreement. 
 Funeral Gross Profit 
 Consolidated funeral gross profit decreased 34.6 million, or 9.2 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This decrease is primarily attributable to the 36.2 million, or 9.7 , decrease in comparable funeral gross profit. Comparable funeral gross profit decreased 36.2 million to 338.1 million and the comparable gross profit percentage decreased from 21.8 to 19.7 . This decrease is primarily due to the decline in revenue described above coupled with higher fixed costs, including the timing of incentive compensation costs compared to the prior year. 
 FORM 10-Q 40 

PART I 

 Cemetery Results 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In millions) Consolidated cemetery revenue 1,356.9 1,314.1 Less: revenue associated with acquisitions/new construction 11.1 0.4 Less: revenue associated with divestitures (0.1) 0.9 Comparable (1) cemetery revenue 
 1,345.9 1,312.8 Consolidated cemetery gross profit 444.6 429.5 Less: gross profit (loss) associated with acquisitions/new construction 6.2 (0.8) Less: gross (loss) profit associated with divestitures (0.2) 0.1 Comparable (1) cemetery gross profit 
 438.6 430.2 
 (1) We define comparable (or same store) operations as those cemetery locations owned by us for the entire period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending September 30, 2024. 
 Cemet ery Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue from our cemetery operations increased 42.8 million, or 3.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a 33.1 million, or 2.5 , increase in comparable cemetery revenue and a 10.7 million increase in revenue contributed by newly constructed and acquired properties. 
 The 33.1 million, or 2.5 , increase in comparable cemetery revenue was primarily attributable to a 21.3 million increase in comparable cemetery core revenue. This increase was primarily a result of a 25.8 million increase in total recognized preneed revenue, which benefited from growth in comparable preneed sales production of 10.4 million, or 0.8 , and trust fund income. 
 Cemetery Gross Profit 
 Consolidated cemetery gross profit increased 15.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, which is primarily attributable to a 8.4 million increase in comparable cemetery gross profit and a 7.0 million increase in gross profit contributed by newly constructed and acquired properties. Comparable cemetery gross profit increased from 430.2 million to 438.6 million, while the gross profit percentage decreased slightly from 32.8 to 32.6 . Although we experienced revenue growth, we continue to see increases in our fixed costs, primarily due to higher maintenance and the timing of incentive compensation costs compared to the prior year. 
 
 Other Financial Statement Items 
 Corporate General and Administrative Expenses 
 Corporate general and administrative expenses were 124.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 112.3 million for the same period in 2023. The current year and prior year were inversely impacted by long-term incentive compensation plan expenses that are tied to the changes in our stock price. 
 Gains on Divestitures and Impairment Charges, Net 
 We recognized a 4.8 million net pre-tax gain on asset divestitures and impairments in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 10.2 million net pre-tax gain in 2023 on asset divestitures due to non-strategic asset divestitures. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 19.6 million to 194.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher interest rates and higher average balances on our floating rate debt. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net increased 4.4 million to 7.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher investment income from higher investment balances and new investment products compared to the prior year. 
 FORM 10-Q 41 

PART I 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate was 23.1 and 24.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lower effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to more excess tax benefits recognized on the settlement of employee share-based awards. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was higher than the federal statutory tax rate of 21.0 primarily due to state tax expense, partially offset by excess tax benefits recognized on the settlement of employee share-based awards. 
 Weighted Average Shares 
 The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding was 147.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 153.6 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease primarily reflects the impact of shares repurchased under our share repurchase program. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies, Recent Accounting Pronouncements, and Accounting Changes 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from the estimates on which our financial statements are prepared at any given point of time. Changes in these estimates could materially affect our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, or cash flows. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include revenue and expense accruals, fair value of merchandise and perpetual care trust assets, and the allocation of purchase price to the fair value of assets acquired. Our critical accounting policies have not significantly changed since December 31, 2023 and are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Accounting Changes 
 For discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and accounting changes, see Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 2 of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
 The statements in this Form 10-Q that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements made in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be accompanied by words such as believe , estimate , project , expect , anticipate , predict that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These statements are based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable; however, many important factors could cause our actual consolidated results in the future to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made herein and in any other documents or oral presentations made by, or on behalf of, the Company. These factors are discussed below. We assume no obligation and make no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made herein or any other forward-looking statements made by the Company, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 Our affiliated trust funds own investments in securities, which are affected by market conditions that are beyond our control. 
 We may be required to replenish our affiliated funeral and cemetery trust funds to meet minimum funding requirements, which would have a negative effect on our earnings and cash flow. 
 Our ability to execute our strategic plan depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Our results may be adversely affected by significant weather events, natural disasters, catastrophic events, or public health crises. 
 Our credit agreements contain covenants that may prevent us from engaging in certain transactions. 
 If we lost the ability to use surety bonding to support our preneed activities, we may be required to make material cash payments to fund certain trust funds. 
 The financial condition of third-party life insurance companies that fund our preneed contracts may impact our future revenue. 
 Unfavorable publicity could affect our reputation and business. 
 Our failure to attract and retain qualified sales personnel could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 FORM 10-Q 42 

PART I 

 We use a combination of insurance, self-insurance, and large deductibles in managing our exposure to certain inherent risks; therefore, we could be exposed to unexpected costs that could negatively affect our financial performance. 
 Declines in overall economic conditions beyond our control could reduce future potential earnings and cash flows and could result in future impairments to goodwill and/or other intangible assets. 
 Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our customers, their loved ones, our associates, and our vendors could damage our reputation, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, or cash flow. 
 Our Canadian business exposes us to operational, economic, and currency risks. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our cash flows, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and may prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 A failure of a key information technology system or process could disrupt and adversely affect our business. 
 The funeral and cemetery industry is competitive. 
 If the number of deaths in our markets declines, our cash flows and revenue may decrease. Changes in the number of deaths are not predictable from market to market or over the short term. 
 If we are not able to respond effectively to changing consumer preferences, our market share, revenue, and/or profitability could decrease. 
 The continuing upward trend in life expectancy and the number of cremations performed in North America could result in lower revenue, operating profit, and cash flows. 
 Our funeral and cemetery businesses are high fixed-cost businesses. 
 Risks associated with our supply chain could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Regulation and compliance could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 Unfavorable results of litigation could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. 
 Cemetery burial practice claims could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 The application of unclaimed property laws by certain states to our preneed funeral and cemetery backlog could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, cash flows, and financial results. 
 Changes in taxation, or the interpretation of tax laws or regulations, as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 For further information on these and other risks and uncertainties, see our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Copies of this document as well as other SEC filings can be obtained from our website at www.sci-corp.com. We assume no obligation and make no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made herein or any other forward-looking statements made by us whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 FORM 10-Q 43 

PART I 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term market risk refers to the risk of gains or losses arising from changes in interest rates and prices of marketable securities. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future gains or losses, but rather indicators of reasonably possible gains or losses. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures. All of our market risk-sensitive instruments were entered into for purposes other than trading. 
 Marketable Equity and Debt Securities Price Risk 
 In connection with our preneed operations and sales, the related trust funds own investments in equity and debt securities and mutual funds, which are sensitive to current market prices. Cost and market values as of September 30, 2024 are presented in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 3 of this Form 10-Q. Also, see Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations "Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources" section for discussion of trust investments. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)). Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified by the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on our evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2024 and that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our consolidated financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with US GAAP. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 44 Service Corporation International 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements, Note 9 of this Form 10-Q, which information is hereby incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes in our Risk Factors as set forth in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table summarizes our share repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Program July 1, 2024 July 31, 2024 133,896 71.99 133,896 342,429,864 August 1, 2024 August 31, 2024 89,573 74.88 89,573 335,723,066 September 1, 2024 September 30, 2024 60,105 78.99 60,105 330,975,140 283,574 283,574 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (a) Not applicable. 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 (c) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of the Company a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 FORM 10-Q 45 

PART II 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement No. 333-10867 on Form S-3). 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1996). 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed May 25, 2018). 
 3.4 
 Statement of Resolution Establishing Series of Shares of Series D Junior Participating Preferred Stock, dated July 27, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 1998). 
 3.5 
 Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed May 5, 2023). 
 4.1 
 Senior Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York, as trustee (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-4 filed September 2, 2004 (File No. 333-118763)). 
 4.2 
 Agreement of Resignation, Appointment of Acceptance, dated December 12, 2005, among the Company, The Bank of New York and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., appointing a successor trustee for the Senior Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2005). 
 10.34 
 Credit Agreement, dated January 11, 2023, between Service Corporation International, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain other financial institutions, as lenders thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 12, 2023). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Thomas L. Ryan as Principal Executive Officer in satisfaction of Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Eric D. Tanzberger as Principal Financial Officer in satisfaction of Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Thomas L. Ryan as Principal Executive Officer in satisfaction of Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Eric D. Tanzberger as Principal Financial Officer in satisfaction of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive data file formatted Inline XBRL. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 46 Service Corporation International 

Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 October 31, 2024 SERVICE CORPORATION INTERNATIONAL By: /s/ TAMMY MOORE Tammy Moore 
 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 FORM 10-Q 47 

10-Q
 2
 sci-10q20240930.pdf
 10-Q

<EX-31.1>
 3
 sci-9302024x10qxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Service Corporation International 
 a Texas corporation 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Section 302 Certification 
 I, Thomas L. Ryan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Service Corporation International, a Texas corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Thomas L. Ryan Thomas L. Ryan President, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date October 31, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 sci-9302024x10qxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Service Corporation International 
 a Texas corporation 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Section 302 Certification 
 I, Eric D. Tanzberger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Service Corporation International, a Texas corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Eric D. Tanzberger Eric D. Tanzberger Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date October 31, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 sci-9302024x10qxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Thomas L. Ryan, of Service Corporation International, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Service Corporation International. 
 s Thomas L. Ryan Thomas L. Ryan President, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 sci-9302024x10qxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Eric D. Tanzberger, of Service Corporation International, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Service Corporation International. 
 s Eric D. Tanzberger Eric D. Tanzberger Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Dated October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sci-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sci-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sci-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sci-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sci-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

