<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1274737_0001274737-24-000092.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5299531</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100217</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1105321</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1476061</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1377866</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1150184</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001274737-24-000092.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112091548
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001274737-24-000092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXAGEN INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001274737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39049
		FILM NUMBER:		241444071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1261 LIBERTY WAY
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 560-1501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1261 LIBERTY WAY
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXAGEN DIAGNOSTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001274737-24-000092.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 exdx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

exdx-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Total shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on November 8, 2024 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30 , 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended Septem ber 30 , 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 32 
 Signatures 
 33 

Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 Exagen Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Borrowings-current portion Total current liabilities Borrowings-non-current portion, net of discounts and debt issuance costs Operating lease liabilities - non-current portion Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) par value per share; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements 
 
 1 

Exagen Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating expenses: Costs of revenue Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements 
 
 2 

Exagen Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of stock from vested restricted stock units Issuance of stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of March 31, 2024 ) Issuance of stock from vested restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of June 30, 2024 
 ) Issuance of stock from vested restricted stock units Issuance of stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements 
 3 

Exagen Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of stock from vested restricted stock units Exercise of stock options Issuance of stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of March 31, 2023 ) Issuance of stock from vested restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of stock from vested restricted stock units Issuance of stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements 
 
 4 

Exagen Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Non-cash interest expense 
 Loss on disposal of assets Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from common stock issued under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Principal payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Principal payment on note payable obligations ) ) Principal payment on long-term debt ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash items: Equipment purchased under notes payable obligations Costs incurred, but not paid, in connection with capital expenditures 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements 
 5 

Exagen Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Interim Condensed Financial Statements 
 Note 1. 
 million and had an accumulated deficit of million. Since inception, the Company has financed its operations primarily through a combination of equity financings, debt financing arrangements, and revenue from sales of the Company's products. Based on the Company's current business plan, management believes that its existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund the Company's obligations for at least twelve months following the issuance of these condensed financial statements. 
 To execute its business plans, the Company may need additional funding to support its continuing operations and pursue its growth strategy. Until such time as the Company can achieve significant cash flows from operations, if ever, it may need to finance its operations through the sale of its stock, debt financings or other strategic transactions. Although the Company has been successful in raising capital in the past, there is no assurance that it will be successful in obtaining such additional financing on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition and the Company's ability to achieve its intended business objectives. 
 
 Note 2. 
 6 

Significant payors and customers are those which represent more than 10 of the Company's total revenue or accounts receivable balance at each respective balance sheet date. 
 Medicare 
 Less than 10 . 
 
 Accounts Receivable, Net September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Medicare Medicare Advantage 
 Less than 10 . 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately and , respectively, of the Company's revenue was related to the AVISE CTD test. Revenue related to the AVISE CTD test for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately and , respectively. 
 The Company is dependent on key suppliers for certain laboratory materials. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately and , respectively, of the Company's diagnostic testing supplies were purchased from two suppliers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately and , respectively, of the Company's diagnostic testing supplies were purchased from two suppliers. An interruption in the supply of these materials would impact the Company's ability to perform testing services. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Government Client(1) Other(2) Total revenue 
 7 

The Company has an arrangement with a financial institution with which it has an existing banking relationship, whereby in exchange for the issuance of corporate credit cards, the Company agreed to obtain a certificate of deposit with this financial institution in the amount of million as collateral for the balances borrowed on these cards. The Company has classified the value of this certificate of deposit (including all interest earned thereon) within other assets in the accompanying balance sheets. The Company has the right to terminate the credit card program at any time. Upon termination of the credit card program and repayment of all outstanding balances owed, the Company may redeem the certificate of deposit (and all interest earned thereon). 
 Restricted cash 
 
 8 

million net revenue increase and a million net revenue increase, respectively, associated with changes in estimated variable consideration related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. Included in revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was a million net revenue increase and a million net revenue increase, respectively, associated with changes in estimated variable consideration related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. The transaction price is estimated using an expected value method on a portfolio basis. 
 Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainties with respect to the amount are resolved. The Company's portfolios are grouped per payor (i.e. each individual commercial payor, Medicare, Medicaid, client payors, patient self-pay, etc.) and per test. Consideration may be constrained and excluded from the transaction price in situations where there is no contractually agreed upon reimbursement coverage or in absence of a predictable pattern and history of collectability with a payor. Accordingly, in such situations revenues are recognized on the basis of actual cash collections. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may issue refunds to payors for overpayments or amounts billed in error. Any refunds are accounted for as reductions in revenues in the statement of operations as an element of variable consideration. The estimated expected refunds are accrued as a liability on the Company s balance sheet. 
 Collection of the Company's net revenues from payors is normally a function of providing complete and correct billing information, along with any requested medical or other claims-related information to the healthcare insurers. This generally occurs within 30 to 90 days of billing, however, the amount and timing of any reimbursements or collections for the Company's billed tests may vary by payor and other circumstances. Contracts do not contain significant financing components based on the typical period of time between performance of services and collection of consideration. 
 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. Adjustments for implicit price concessions attributable to variable consideration, as discussed above, are incorporated into the measurement of the accounts receivable balances and are not part of the allowance for credit losses. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, total advertising and marketing costs were approximately million and million, respectively. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. 
 9 

and were approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shipping and handling costs were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 , as the Company has never declared or paid dividends and has no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 
 The fair value of each restricted stock unit (RSU) is determined on the grant date using the closing price of the Company's common stock on that date. The Company's RSUs generally vest in equal annual installments over from the date of grant or, for grants to new hires, date of hire. Vesting of the RSU is subject to the holder's continued service with the Company. The Company issues new shares of common stock to satisfy the RSUs upon vesting. 
 Common stock options Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan Total 
 10 

operating segment. 
 
 Note 3. 
 Prepaid product royalties Prepaid maintenance and insurance contracts Other prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and Equipment 
 11 

Laboratory equipment Computer equipment and software Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization expense was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued purchases of goods and services Finance lease obligations, current portion Refund liability Other accrued liabilities Accrued and other current liabilities 
 
 Note 4. 
 million. As of September 30, 2024, additional amounts remained available to borrow under the Amended Loan Agreement. 
 On April 28, 2023, the Company entered into the Amended Loan Agreement. The Amended Loan Agreement was treated as a modification. In connection with the Amended Loan Agreement, the Company repaid million of the principal balance outstanding, for which the prepayment premium was waived. Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, the interest rate on all borrowings under the Amended Loan Agreement is the sum (the Basic Rate) of (a) the greater of or The Wall Street Journal prime rate (the Prime Rate), plus (b) , which is paid-in-kind in the form of additional term loans (PIK Loans). Under the Amended Loan Agreement, an amount equal to of the Basic Rate will be payable in-kind and capitalized to the principal amount of the outstanding term loan on a monthly basis until April 1, 2026, after which interest is scheduled to accrue at the Basic Rate. The maturity date of the loan was extended to December 31, 2026. The Company estimated the effective interest rate of this loan to be approximately as of September 30, 2024. Accrued interest is due and payable monthly, unless the Company elects to pay paid-in-kind interest. The outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Amended Loan Agreement is to be repaid in equal monthly installments commencing in April 2026. Upon repayment of the final installment under the Amended Loan Agreement, the Company is required to pay an additional fee of million. This obligation is being accreted into interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method. For each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued PIK Loans totaling million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued PIK Loans totaling million and million, respectively. The issuances of the PIK Loans are included in borrowings-non-current portion on the accompanying balance sheet. 
 12 

of the aggregate outstanding principal for any prepayments made prior to November 1, 2024. 
 The Amended Loan Agreement is collateralized by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company's assets, including intellectual property. The affirmative covenants of the Amended Loan Agreement require that the Company timely file taxes, maintain good standing and government compliance, maintain liability and other insurance, provide prompt notification of significant corporate events, and furnish audited financial statements within 150 days of fiscal year end without qualification as to the scope of the audit or as to going concern and without any other similar qualification. 
 The affirmative covenants require that the Company achieve a specified level of revenue, as measured quarterly on a rolling basis, however the Company is not required to comply with the revenue covenant for any quarter during which it maintains a minimum aggregate cash balance equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount of the Amended Loan Agreement (excluding any capitalized interest paid-in-kind) at all times during such quarter. The consequences of failing to achieve the performance covenants, when applicable, will be cured if, (i) within of failing to achieve the performance covenant, the Company submits a new financial plan approved by the Company's board of directors (the Board) to Innovatus under which the Company is expected to break even on a cash flow basis prior to the maturity date, and (ii) within of the submission of such financial plan, the Company issues additional equity securities or subordinated debt with net proceeds sufficient to fund any cash flow deficiency generated from operations, as defined in the Amended Loan Agreement. The Amended Loan Agreement requires that the Company maintain certain levels of minimum liquidity and maintains an unrestricted cash balance of million. 
 The negative covenants provide, among other things, that without the prior consent of Innovatus, subject to certain exceptions, the Company may not dispose of certain assets, engage in certain business combinations or acquisitions, incur additional indebtedness or encumber any of the Company's property, pay dividends on the Company's capital stock or make prohibited investments. The Amended Loan Agreement provides that an event of default will occur if, among other triggers, (i) the Company defaults in the payment of any amount payable under the agreement when due, (ii) there occurs any circumstance(s) that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operations or condition, or on the Company's ability to perform its obligations under the agreement, (iii) the Company becomes insolvent, (iv) the Company undergoes a change in control or (v) the Company breaches any negative covenants or certain affirmative covenants in the agreement or, subject to a cure period, otherwise neglects to perform or observe any material item in the agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants of the Amended Loan Agreement. 
 Upon an event of default in any of the Amended Loan Agreement covenants, the repayment of the 2017 Term Loan may be accelerated, and the applicable interest rate will be increased by until the default is cured. Although repayment of the 2017 Term Loan can be accelerated under certain circumstances, the Company believes acceleration of this loan is not probable as of the date of these condensed financial statements. Accordingly, the Company has reflected the amounts of the Amended Loan Agreement due beyond twelve months of the balance sheet date as non-current. 
 Equipment Notes Payable 
 In April 2024, the Company purchased additional laboratory equipment using notes payable. At September 30, 2024, the total notes payable balance related to the financed equipment was million, with million classified within borrowings-current portion and million within borrowings-non-current portion, net of discounts and debt issuance costs in the accompanying balance sheets. The notes related to the financed equipment are subject to a effective interest rate and will mature between October 1, 2026 and April 1, 2028. 
 Future Minimum Payments on the Outstanding Borrowings 
 13 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Total Less: Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) Interest ) Total borrowings, net of discounts and debt issuance costs Less: Borrowings-current portion ) Borrowings-non-current portion, net of discounts and debt issuance costs 
 
 Note 5. 
 to on net sales of products which incorporate licensed technology, as defined in such agreements. Royalties are accrued when incurred and recorded in costs of revenue in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. 
 Collaboration Obligations 
 In May 2021, the Company entered into a master research collaboration agreement with Allegheny Health Network Research Institute (AHN), pursuant to which the Company is required to pay AHN a collaboration fee of million per year. Collaboration expenses under the master research collaboration agreement were million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, collaboration expenses under the master research collaboration agreement were million. Collaboration expenses under the AHN collaboration are included in research and development expenses. 
 Supply Agreements 
 In August 2024, the Company amended a supply agreement with one supplier for reagents, which includes pricing terms and minimum purchase commitments, through December 31, 2025, for new consumable products related to the Company's launch of the RA Sub-Profile Biomarkers. Aggregate minimum annual purchase commitments related to such agreement for the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2025 are million and million, respectively. 
 Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide for general indemnifications; including for subpoenas and other civil investigative demands, from governmental agencies, Medicare or Medicaid and managed care organizations reviewing billing practices or requesting comment on allegations of billing irregularities that are brought to their attention through billing audits or third parties. The Company's exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future, but have not yet been made or that the Company believes to be immaterial. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company may be subject to various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The Company does not believe the outcome of any such matters will have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
 14 

million, including interest, in connection with specimen processing arrangements that Exagen historically had with physicians. The U.S. Attorney s Office dismissed this covered conduct in the qui tam lawsuit with prejudice, while non-covered conduct was dismissed without prejudice. The Department of Justice excused itself from the case in connection with the settlement. In November 2023, the complaint was unsealed by the court and served on Exagen by the relator. Exagen filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. In December 2023, the Company's insurance carrier provided reimbursement for certain defense costs the Company incurred in the October 2023 qui tam lawsuit. In February 2024, the relator filed a motion for leave to amend the complaint. Exagen opposed this motion, and all motions are still pending. The Company cannot predict when these matters will be resolved, the outcome of these matters, or their potential impact, which may materially and adversely affect the Company s business, prospects, and financial condition. The Company intends to vigorously defend against the claims being asserted in the complaint. 
 The Company's participation in federal healthcare programs is not affected by the Settlement Agreement. 
 
 Note 6. 
 million and a fair value of million. As of December 31, 2023, the 2017 Term Loan had a carrying value of million and a fair value of million. The estimated fair value of the 2017 Term Loan was determined based on a discounted cash flow approach using available market information on discount and borrowing rates with similar terms, maturities, and credit ratings. The carrying value of the Company's other long-term borrowing at September 30, 2024 was million and approximated its fair value. At December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the Company's other long-term borrowing was million and approximated its fair value. 
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 
 The three-levels of the valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements are defined as follows: 
 Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
 Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and 
 Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity for the related assets or liabilities. 

15 

The fair value of the Company's money market funds is based on quoted market prices. 
 
 Note 7. 
 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units. The 2023 Shelf Registration Statement became effective on November 29, 2023, and all million remain available for sale as of September 30, 2024. 
 At The Market Sales Agreement 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company entered into a sales agreement, as amended on November 17, 2023 (the Sales Agreement) with Cowen and Company, LLC, as sales agent, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of Company common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. The Company is not obligated to sell any shares of Company common stock in the offering. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not sold any shares of its common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 Outstanding Warrants 
 January 19, 2016 January 19, 2026 Common stock warrants March 31, 2016 March 31, 2026 Common stock warrants April 1, 2016 April 1, 2026 Common stock warrants December 7, 2018 December 7, 2025 Common stock warrants June 22, 2021 None 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, warrants to purchase common stock were exercised. 
 
 Note 8. 
 after the date of grant and are exercisable to the extent vested. Vesting is established by the Board and is generally from the date of grant or, for grants to new hires, date of hire. The 2019 Plan contains an "evergreen provision" that allows annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each calendar year through January 1, 2029 in an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) of the outstanding capital stock on each December 31st, or (ii) such lesser amount determined by the Board. As of September 30, 2024, shares of common stock remained available for future awards under the 2019 Plan. 
 16 

Awards granted Awards released ) Awards canceled ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of the outstanding RSUs were unvested. The fair value of RSUs vested in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest, September 30, 2024 
 Options exercisable, September 30, 2024 
 
 There were and stock options granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the fair value of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of the stock options. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million. As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to option awards was less than million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In September 2019, the Board adopted, and the Company's stockholders approved, the ESPP. The ESPP became effective on the day the ESPP was adopted by the Board. The ESPP permits participants to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP will be annually increased on the first day of each calendar year during the term of the ESPP through January 1, 2029 in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the outstanding capital stock on each December 31st, or (ii) such lesser amount determined by the Board. As of September 30, 2024, shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 17 

Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total 
 18 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 The following discussion and other parts of this quarterly report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this quarterly report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, estimates regarding profitability and the time that may elapse before we may become profitable, business strategy, current and future product offerings, reimbursement and coverage, the expected benefits from our partnership or promotion arrangements with third parties, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, should, estimate, or continue, and similar expressions or variations. The forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, operating results, business strategy, and short-term and long-term business operations and objectives. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this quarterly report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item IA, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 We exist to provide clarity in autoimmune disease decision making with the goal of improving patients' clinical outcomes. We have developed and are commercializing a portfolio of innovative testing products under our AVISE brand, which allow for the differential diagnosis, prognosis and monitoring of complex autoimmune and autoimmune-related diseases. We believe our focus on and experience in the field of rheumatology, combined with our commitment to excellent customer service and support, position us very well to respond to the needs of rheumatologists and the patients they serve. There is an unmet need for rheumatologists to add clarity in their connective tissue disease (CTD) clinical evaluation, and we believe there is a significant opportunity for our tests in this market, particularly for potentially life-threatening diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). 
 Since inception we have devoted substantially all of our efforts to developing and marketing products for the diagnosis, prognosis and monitoring of autoimmune diseases. We commercially launched our lead testing product, AVISE CTD, in 2012. Our proprietary AVISE Lupus test is included as part of the AVISE CTD panel and employs a patent-protected method for diagnosing patients with SLE based on levels of CB-CAPs (e.g. EC4d and BC4d), ANA, and ds-DNA. The AVISE Lupus test also employs patent-protected algorithms used to generate risk scores to diagnose patients with SLE based on the levels of the biomarkers. These proprietary, patent-protected methods vastly improve the diagnostic sensitivity of our test compared to the current standard of care. AVISE CTD enables differential diagnosis for patients presenting with symptoms indicative of a wide variety of CTDs and other related diseases with overlapping symptoms. Revenue from this product comprised 91 and 88 of our revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred net losses of 11.4 million and 18.1 million, respectively, and we expect to continue to incur operating losses in the near term. Our operations have been funded primarily through equity financings, debt financings and revenue from product sales. We have never been profitable and, as of September 30, 2024, we had 22.0 million of cash and cash equivalents and an accumulated deficit of 290.6 million. 
 Reimbursement for our testing services comes from several sources, including commercial payors (such as insurance companies and health maintenance organizations), government payors (such as Medicare and 
 19 

Medicaid), client payors (such as hospitals, other laboratories, etc.) and patients. Reimbursement rates vary by product and payor. 
 All of our AVISE tests are performed in our approximately 13,000 square-foot laboratory located in Vista, California, which is certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) and accredited by the College of American Pathologists (CAP). Our laboratory is certified for performance of high-complexity testing by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) in accordance with CLIA and is licensed by all states requiring out-of-state licensure. Our clinical laboratory typically reports all AVISE testing product results within five business days 
 In addition to providing diagnostic testing, we are leveraging our clinical laboratory to enter into agreements in the normal course of business with leading pharmaceutical companies and contract research organizations for the use of our testing products and/or the data generated from such tests. We believe the quality of our testing, proprietary offerings and specialized knowledge give us an advantage in this space. We plan to continue to pursue additional partnerships with leading pharmaceutical companies and academic research centers that are synergistic with our evolving portfolio of testing products, as more of these organizations realize the extent of the service we can provide. 
 We market our AVISE testing products using our specialized sales force covering 40 territories in the United States. Many diagnostic sales forces are trained only to understand the comparative benefits of the tests they promote. In contrast, the specialized backgrounds of our sales personnel, coupled with our comprehensive training, enables our sales representatives to interpret results from our de-identified patient test reports and provide unique insights in a highly tailored discussion with rheumatologists. We believe our focus on and experience in the field of rheumatology, combined with our commitment to excellent customer service and support, position us very well to respond to the needs of rheumatologists and the patients they serve. 
 Recent Developments 
 TC4d, TIgG and TIgM Biomarkers 
 Our collaborative efforts with the Allegheny Health Network Research Institute (AHN) have resulted in further development of three innovative biomarkers, TC4d, TIgG, and TIgM (the T-Cell Biomarkers), for which we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license from AHN in May 2021. These biomarkers have been clinically validated, exhibit a high degree of specificity for lupus and are more sensitive for lupus compared to conventional biomarkers. TC4d is patent protected through 2035, representing a proprietary expansion of CB-CAPs, involving a biochemical process wherein complement activation products are measured on T-cells. We currently plan to incorporate these three biomarkers into our AVISE CTD test towards the end of 2024. Once incorporated, we believe these biomarkers will significantly enhance the diagnostic sensitivity for lupus of our AVISE CTD tests beyond its current 80 sensitivity. 
 RA Sub-Profile 
 Approximately 70 of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients show serological evidence of RA, identified by key biomarkers: anti-CCP and Rheumatoid Factor. The remaining 30 of patients, despite lacking these serological markers, are clinically diagnosed with RA; this subgroup is referred to as seronegative RA. These patients often face delays in diagnosis due to the absence of serological evidence. In cases of early inflammatory arthritis, differential diagnosis is broad, including conditions like reactive arthritis, crystal arthropathy, spondyloarthropathy, and other systemic rheumatic diseases such as SLE and Sjogren s syndrome, alongside seronegative RA. We have identified three unique biomarkers specific to seronegative RA (the RA Sub-Profile Biomarkers) that help bridge this diagnostic gap and would enable AVISE CTD to correctly identify approximately a third of the traditional seronegative RA subgroup. We currently plan to incorporate these new biomarkers into our AVISE CTD test toward the end of 2024, allowing for more timely and targeted treatment plans for these patients. We ve submitted our validation for our rheumatoid arthritis assay utilizing RA33 antibodies to the New York State Department of Health for conditional approval. We intend to commercialize the assay once conditional approval is received in accordance with the FDA final rule on laboratory developed tests. 
 We believe that the addition of the biomarkers discussed above will further differentiate our core test offerings in the market and be accretive to our financial performance, as well as have a positive impact on the average sales price of AVISE CTD and revenue. Additionally, we anticipate progressive incremental improvements in demand for AVISE CTD over time, as we educate physicians about the benefits these new markers provide. Given the financial impact we expect from the planned launch of these new biomarkers, we estimate that we will achieve positive cash flows within a year of launching both the T-Cell Biomarkers and the RA Sub-Profile Biomarkers. This estimate 
 20 

assumes, among other things, that we are able to incrementally increase the average selling price per test. This estimate may ultimately be incorrect. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe there are several important factors that have impacted, and that we expect will impact, our operating performance and results of operations, including: 
 
 Reimbursement for Our Testing Products . Our revenue depends on achieving broad coverage and reimbursement for our tests from third-party payors, including both commercial payors and government payors. Payment from third-party payors differs depending on whether we are considered a "participating provider" (have entered into a contract with the payors as a participating provider) or a "non-participating provider" (do not have a contract and are considered a "non-participating provider"). Payors will often reimburse non-participating providers at a lower amount than participating providers, if at all. We have received a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of commercial payors, most of which have not contracted with us to be a participating provider. Historically, we have experienced situations where commercial payors proactively reduced the amounts they were willing to reimburse for our tests, and in other situations, commercial payors have determined that the amounts they previously paid were too high and have sought to recover those perceived excess payments by deducting such amounts from payments otherwise being made. When we contract to serve as a participating provider, reimbursements are made pursuant to a negotiated fee schedule and are limited to only covered indications. If we are not able to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, we may not be able to effectively increase our testing volume and revenue as expected. Additionally, changes in our estimated reimbursements for tests performed in prior periods can positively or negatively impact our revenue in the current period and cause our financial results to fluctuate. In addition, in connection with our revenue cycle management initiatives, we've held claims in the first half of the year which has resulted in increases in our accounts receivable and an accelerated decrease in our cash in the first half of the year. As expected, this trend has begun to reverse in the third quarter of 2024 and we expect it to continue to reverse, as cash is collected on billed tests through the remainder of the year. 
 Continued Growth of Our Testing Products. Since the launch of AVISE CTD in 2012 and through September 30, 2024, we have delivered approximately 980,714 of these tests. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the number of AVISE CTD tests delivered declined by approximately 6 over the same period in 2023. Revenue growth for our testing products will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to expand our base of ordering healthcare providers and increase our penetration with existing healthcare providers, in addition to our ability to successfully and timely launch the T-Cell Biomarkers and RA Sub-Profile Biomarkers we plan to add to our AVISE CTD test. 
 Development of Additional Testing Products. We rely on sales of our AVISE CTD test to generate the significant majority of our revenue. We expect to continue to invest in research and development in order to develop additional testing products. Our success in developing new testing products will be important in our efforts to grow our business by expanding the potential market for our products and diversifying our sources of revenue. 
 Maintain Meaningful Margin . We seek to maintain meaningful margin through a continued focus on increasing operating leverage through the implementation of certain internal initiatives, such as leveraging validation, utility and reimbursement oriented clinical studies to facilitate payor coverage of our testing products. We center our efforts around long-term reimbursement and average sales price (ASP) growth and seek to improve our per-test costs by focusing on profitable, core test offerings and limiting fixed costs and overhead. 
 Timing of Our Research and Development Expenses . We conduct clinical studies to validate our new testing products, as well as ongoing clinical and outcome studies to further expand the published evidence that supports our commercialized AVISE testing products. We also expend funds to secure clinical samples that can be used in discovery, product development, clinical validation, utility and outcome studies. Our spending on experiments and clinical studies may vary substantially from quarter to quarter, and the timing of these research and development activities is difficult to predict. If a substantial number of clinical samples are obtained in a given quarter or if a high-cost experiment is conducted in one quarter versus the next, the timing of these expenses will affect our financial results. 
 21 

How We Recognize Revenue . We record revenue on an accrual basis, using an estimate of the amount that we will ultimately realize, as determined based on a historical analysis of amounts collected by test and by payor, among other factors. Changes to such estimates may increase or decrease revenue recognized in future periods. 
 While each of these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose significant risks and challenges that we must address. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the six months ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2024 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2024. 
 Seasonality 
 Based on our experience to date, we expect some seasonal variations in our financial results due to a variety of factors, such as: the year-end holiday period and other major holidays, vacation patterns of both patients and healthcare providers (including medical conferences), climate and weather conditions in our markets (for example, excess sun exposure can cause flares in SLE), seasonal conditions that may affect medical practices and provider activity (for example, influenza outbreaks that may reduce the percentage of patients that can be seen) and other factors relating to the timing of patient benefit changes, as well as patient deductibles and co-insurance limits. 
 Inflationary Environment 
 The current inflationary environment has resulted in higher prices, which have impacted our costs incurred to generate revenue from our laboratory testing services, costs to attract and retain personnel, and other operating costs. The severity and duration of the current inflationary environment remains uncertain and may continue to impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Financial Overview 
 Revenue 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. We record revenue on an accrual basis, using an estimate of the amount we will ultimately receive, as determined based on a historical analysis of amounts collected by test and by payor, among other factors. These assessments require significant judgment by management. 
 To date, we have derived nearly all of our revenue from the sale of our testing products, most of which is attributable to our AVISE CTD test. We primarily market our testing products to rheumatologists and their physician assistants in the United States. The healthcare professionals who order our testing products, and to whom results are reported, are generally not responsible for payment for these products. The parties that pay for these services (payors) consist of commercial payors (insurance companies, health maintenance organizations, etc.), government payors (primarily Medicare and Medicaid), client payors (hospitals, other laboratories, etc.), and patient self-pay. Our service is completed upon the delivery of test results to the prescribing rheumatologists which triggers billing for the service. 
 Our ability to increase our revenue will depend on our ability to further penetrate the market for our current and future testing products and increase our reimbursement and collection rates for tests delivered. 
 In April 2022, we were granted a Proprietary Laboratory Code (PLA) code for our protein-based test, AVISE Lupus. Noridian, our Medicare Administrative Contractor, has set the current pricing for this PLA code at 840.65 per test through December 31, 2025. The process for obtaining and maintaining consistent reimbursement for new tests can be uncertain, lengthy and time consuming. A pricing determination is not synonymous with a coverage determination. Having a price associated with the PLA code for any particular test does not secure coverage or reimbursement for that PLA code from Medicare or any other third-party payor. 
 We submitted a formal request to Noridian for coverage of our AVISE Lupus test under the new PLA Code, and on September 27, 2022, we received notice that Noridian has deemed our application for a Local Coverage Determination (LCD) to be valid, but our application is still pending. Ultimately receiving a favorable LCD is uncertain and may be time-consuming, resource intensive and require multiple quarterly or annual periods to 
 22 

complete and is subject to risks and uncertainties described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In the meantime, we have continued to submit Medicare claims for AVISE Lupus, appeal denials and respond to requests for additional information. On January 31, 2024, CMS released a coverage article under which all multi-analyte proteomic testing will be considered within the scope of molecular diagnostic services (MolDX) and reviewed through their technology assessment process. The article listed several such tests, including the AVISE Lupus test, and requires all laboratories furnishing multi-analyte proteomics testing in MolDX jurisdictions to register with the DEX Diagnostics Exchange Registry and obtain a Z-Code identifier. We were issued a Z-Code in May 2024. To determine if the submitted tests are compliant with relevant policy requirements, these tests will undergo technical assessment by Palmetto GBA as part of the MolDX program. 
 We face consistent challenges relating to commercial payor claim processing and revenue. While collectability has improved with certain plans year-over-year, we continue to experience denials due to unfavorable medical policy with certain plans, and we expect this situation to persist. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we implemented several revenue cycle management initiatives, including among others, withholding the submission of commercial payor claims for reimbursement until subsequent quarters, increasing appeals efforts, adjusting the documentation required of physicians when ordering our tests and implementing increases to our patient payment rates. Additionally, in November 2023, we increased the list price billed for our tests. These ongoing revenue cycle management initiatives aim to optimize our appeals process and the potential for cash collections. We've experienced moderate declines in test volume since the second half of 2023, as rheumatologists and patients adjust to these changes. The number of AVISE CTD tests delivered during the three months ended September 30, 2024 declined by approximately 6 as compared to the number of AVISE CTD tests delivered during the three months ended June 30, 2024 due to seasonal factors, including increased out-of-office time for physicians and weather-related events in the south-east of the United States. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Costs of Revenue 
 Costs of revenue represents the expenses associated with obtaining and testing patient specimens. The components of our costs of revenue include materials costs, direct labor, equipment, infrastructure expenses, shipping charges to transport specimens, blood specimen collections fees, royalties, depreciation and allocated overhead (including rent and utilities). 
 Each payor, whether commercial, government, or individual, reimburses us at different amounts. These differences can be significant. As a result, our costs of revenue as a percentage of revenue may vary significantly from period to period due to the composition of payors for each period's billings. 
 We expect that our costs of revenue will increase in the near-term, primarily due to projected increases in cost-per-test resulting from the expected additions of our T-Cell Biomarkers and RA Sub-Profile Biomarkers to AVISE CTD. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs (including stock-based compensation expense), direct marketing expenses, accounting and legal expenses, consulting costs and allocated overhead (including rent, information technology, depreciation and utilities). 
 We expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in the near-term, primarily due to expected additions to headcount and associated increases for personnel costs, including stock-based compensation. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses include costs incurred to develop our technology, test products and product candidates, in addition to costs incurred to collect clinical specimens and conduct clinical studies to develop and support those products and product candidates. These costs consist of personnel-related expenses (including stock-based compensation expense), materials, laboratory supplies, consulting costs, costs associated with setting up and conducting clinical studies and allocated overhead (including rent and utilities). We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. 
 23 

We expect that our research and development expenses will remain relatively consistent in the near-term. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of cash and non-cash interest expense associated with our financing arrangements, including the borrowings under our Amended Loan Agreement with Innovatus. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue 12,507 13,416 (909) Operating expenses: Costs of revenue 5,526 5,710 (184) Selling, general and administrative expenses 10,163 11,375 (1,212) Research and development expenses 1,481 1,400 81 Total operating expenses 17,170 18,485 (1,315) Loss from operations (4,663) (5,069) 406 Interest expense (562) (557) (5) Interest income 197 211 (14) Net loss (5,028) (5,415) 387 
 Revenue 
 Revenue decreased 0.9 million, or 6.8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 1.2 million decrease related to revenue and accounts receivable adjustments recorded in the third quarter of 2024. Excluding these adjustments, revenue increased 0.3 million due to improved ASP (including prior period cash collections), partially offset by decreased AVISE CTD year-over-year volume. The 1.2 million decrease in revenue and accounts receivable adjustments were comprised of a 0.9 million reserve recognized related to accounts receivable for AVISE CTD testing, in addition to a 0.3 million reversal of other testing revenue relating to a current procedural terminology coding discrepancy for AVISE Vasculitis. The number of AVISE CTD tests delivered, which accounted for 93 of revenue and 89 of revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, declined by approximately 6 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Costs of Revenue 
 Costs of revenue decreased 0.2 million, or 3.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 0.3 million in facilities and allocated overhead expenses, a decrease of 0.2 million in royalty expenses, and a decrease of 0.1 million in materials and supplies expenses, partially offset by an increase of 0.3 million in shipping and handling costs resulting from increased cost-per-shipment, offset in-part by reduced shipping volume; and an increase of 0.1 million in direct labor. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased to 55.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 57.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the changes to revenue and costs of revenue described above, including the 1.2 million in revenue adjustments, which impacted gross margin by approximately 400 basis points. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.2 million, or 10.7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to decreases of 0.7 million in employee-related expenses (including salaries, benefits and stock-based 
 24 

compensation) resulting from reduced headcount, 0.4 million in professional service expenses, 0.2 million in facilities and allocated overhead expenses, 0.2 million in insurance expenses, and 0.1 million in legal expenses, partially offset by an increase of 0.4 million in commissions. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses increased 0.1 million, or 5.8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase of 0.2 million in employee-related expenses (including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation), partially offset by a decrease of 0.1 million in clinical trial expenses. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense remained relatively consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income remained relatively consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue 41,986 38,783 3,203 Operating expenses: Costs of revenue 17,351 17,472 (121) Selling, general and administrative expenses 31,169 35,212 (4,043) Research and development expenses 3,719 3,789 (70) Total operating expenses 52,239 56,473 (4,234) Loss from operations (10,253) (17,690) 7,437 Interest expense (1,671) (1,769) 98 Interest income 570 1,343 (773) Net loss (11,354) (18,116) 6,762 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 3.2 million, or 8.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to improved ASP (including prior period cash collections), partially offset by decreased AVISE CTD year-over-year volume. The number of AVISE CTD tests delivered, which accounted for 91 of revenue and 88 of revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, declined by approximately 13 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Costs of Revenue 
 Costs of revenue decreased 0.1 million, or 0.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 1.0 million in materials and supplies expenses, and a decrease of 0.2 million in facilities and allocated overhead expenses, partially offset by an increase of 0.6 million in shipping and handling costs resulting from increased cost-per-shipment, offset in-part by reduced shipping volume; and an increase of 0.5 million in direct labor. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased to 58.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 54.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the changes to revenue and costs of revenue described above. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 25 

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4.0 million, or 11.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to decreases of 1.9 million in employee-related expenses (including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation) resulting from reduced headcount, 0.9 million in legal expenses and settlement costs, 0.5 million in insurance expenses, 0.4 million in professional services, 0.4 million in facilities and allocated overhead expenses, and 0.2 million in audit and tax services, partially offset by an increase of 0.3 million in commissions. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses decreased 0.1 million, or 1.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 0.4 million in clinical trial expenses and a decrease of 0.1 million in facilities and allocated overhead expenses, partially offset by an increase of 0.4 million in employee-related expenses (including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation). 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased by 0.1 million, or 5.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was due to interest savings related to the term loan agreement entered into in September 2017 (the 2017 Term Loan), by and between the Company and Innovatus Life Sciences Lending Fund I, LP, as amended. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income decreased by 0.8 million, or 57.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower cash and cash equivalents balances of interest-earning accounts. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred a net loss of 11.4 million and 18.1 million, respectively, and we expect to incur additional losses in future periods. To date, we have generated only limited revenue, and, despite any estimates we may make regarding our ability to become profitable, we may never achieve revenue sufficient to offset our expenses. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 290.6 million and cash and cash equivalents of 22.0 million. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation. Currently, our funds are held in cash and money market funds. 
 Since becoming a public company, our primary sources of capital have been cash inflows from product sales, sales of our common stock and, to a lesser extent, borrowings under our 2017 Term Loan. In April 2023, we further amended the 2017 Term Loan, pursuant to which we prepaid 10.0 million of principal and amended additional terms of the agreement. See Note 4, Borrowings, to the unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Our obligations under the Amended Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property. The Amended Loan Agreement contains customary conditions to borrowing, events of default, and covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain minimum liquidity of 2.0 million, covenants to achieve certain minimum amounts of revenue, and covenants limiting our ability to dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge with or acquire other entities, incur debt, incur liens, pay dividends or other distributions to holders of our capital stock, repurchase stock and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions. Per the Amended Loan Agreement, we are not required to comply with the revenue covenant for any quarter during which we maintain a minimum aggregate cash balance equal to fifty percent of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Term Loan funded (excluding any capitalized interest paid-in-kind) at all times during such quarter. The consequences of failing to achieve the performance covenants, when applicable, will be cured if, (i) within thirty days of failing to achieve the performance covenant, we submit a new financial plan approved by our Board of Directors to Innovatus under which we are expected to break even on a cash flow basis prior to the maturity date, and (ii) within thirty days of the submission of such financial plan, we issue additional equity securities or subordinated debt with net proceeds sufficient to fund any cash flow deficiency generated from operations, as defined in the Amended Loan Agreement. In addition, upon the occurrence of an 
 26 

event of default, Innovatus, among other things, can declare all indebtedness due and payable immediately, which would adversely impact our liquidity and reduce the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Amended Loan Agreement with Innovatus. 
 On November 17, 2023, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 covering the offering, from time to time, of up to 150.0 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units, all of which remained unsold at September 30, 2024. 
 On September 15, 2022, we entered into a sales agreement, as amended on November 17, 2023 (the Sales Agreement) with Cowen and Company, LLC, as sales agent, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of Company common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0 million. The Company is not obligated to sell any shares of Company common stock in the offering. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not sold any shares of its common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 Funding Requirements 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund our operations as we continue to grow our business. We expect to continue to incur operating losses in the near term. We believe we have sufficient laboratory capacity to support increased test volume. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 We expect that our near- and longer-term liquidity requirements will continue to consist of working capital and general corporate expenses associated with the growth of our business, including payments we may be required to make upon the achievement of previously negotiated milestones associated with intellectual property we have licensed, payments related to non-cancelable purchase obligations for reagents, payments related to our principal and interest under our long term borrowing arrangements, payments for operating leases related to our office and laboratory space in Vista, California and our office space in Carlsbad, California and payments for finance leases related to our laboratory equipment (see Note 4, Borrowings, and Note 5, Commitments and Contingencies, to our unaudited financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). Based on our current business plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and our anticipated future revenue, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date of this filing. 
 Our estimate of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for our testing products; 
 our ability to maintain and grow sales of our AVISE testing products, as well as the costs associated with conducting clinical studies to demonstrate the utility of our products and support reimbursement efforts; 
 fluctuations in working capital; 
 the costs of developing our product pipeline, including the costs associated with conducting our ongoing and future validation, utility and outcome studies as well as the success of our development efforts; and 
 the extent to which we establish additional partnerships or in-license, acquire or invest in complementary businesses or products as well as the success of our existing partnerships and/or in-licenses. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate revenue to support our costs structure, we expect to finance our operations through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. If additional funding is required or desired, there can be no assurance that additional funds will be available to us on acceptable terms on a timely basis, if at all, or that we will generate sufficient cash from operations to adequately fund our operating needs or achieve or sustain profitability. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate sufficient cash from operations to adequately fund our operations, we will need to delay, reduce or eliminate some 
 27 

or all of our research and development programs, product portfolio expansion plans or commercialization efforts. Doing so will likely have an unfavorable effect on our ability to execute on our business plan and could have a negative impact on our commercial and strategic relationships. If we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in: Operating activities (13,642) (22,811) Investing activities (369) (720) Financing activities (447) (10,412) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (14,458) (33,943) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 13.6 million, primarily resulting from (i) our net loss of 11.4 million adjusted for non-cash charges of 3.7 million primarily related to stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization and non-cash lease expense and (ii) changes in our net operating assets of 6.0 million primarily related to net increases in accounts receivable and net decreases in accounts payable, operating lease liabilities and accrued and other current liabilities, partially offset by net decreases in prepaid expenses. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to delays in claim submission as part of our revenue cycle management initiatives. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 22.8 million, primarily resulting from (i) our net loss of 18.1 million adjusted for non-cash charges of 5.9 million primarily related to stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization, non-cash lease expense and non-cash interest and (ii) changes in our net operating assets of 10.5 million primarily related to net increases in accounts receivable and accrued and other current liabilities, partially offset by net decreases in accounts payable, prepaid expenses, other current assets and operating lease liabilities. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to delays in claim submission as part of our revenue cycle management initiatives and delayed claim processing by Medicare due to a request for medical records on submitted claims. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 0.4 million and 0.7 million, respectively, due to purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.4 million, primarily resulting from payments on finance lease and notes payable obligations, partially offset by proceeds from purchases under the Company's 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 10.4 million, primarily resulting from the Term Loan Prepayment of 10.0 million. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The year-end condensed balance sheets data was derived from audited 
 28 

financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, and any such differences may be material. 
 For a description of our critical accounting estimates, please see the section entitled " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates " contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 18, 2024. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2024. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for an "emerging growth company." The JOBS Act permits an "emerging growth company" like us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our audited financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which will occur on December 31, 2024. However, if certain events occur prior to the end of this five-year period, including if we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to this anniversary. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not applicable. 
 
 29 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that the information we are required to disclose in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 30 

Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings or claims can have an adverse impact on our business resulting from defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors. There can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 In October 2023, we resolved an investigation with the U.S. Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts that was initiated by a qui tam lawsuit. Pursuant to a settlement agreement entered into by and between us and the U.S. Department of Justice (the Settlement Agreement), we made a single lump-sum remittance to the government in the amount of 0.7 million, including interest, in connection with specimen processing arrangements that we historically had with physicians. The U.S. Attorney s Office dismissed this covered conduct in the qui tam lawsuit with prejudice, while non-covered conduct was dismissed without prejudice. The Department of Justice excused itself from the case in connection with the settlement. In November 2023, the complaint was unsealed by the court and served on us by the relator. We filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. In February 2024, the relator filed a motion for leave to amend the complaint. We opposed this motion, and all motions are still pending. We cannot predict when these matters will be resolved, the outcome of these matters, or their potential impact, which may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, and financial condition. We intend to vigorously defend against the claims being asserted in the complaint. 
 Our participation in federal healthcare programs is not affected by the Settlement Agreement. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 31 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Exhibit Filing Date Filed/Furnished Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 001-39049 3.1 9/23/2019 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 8-K 001-39049 3.1 3/22/2021 3.3 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated January 19, 2023 
 8-K 001-39049 3.1 1/23/2023 4.1 Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock. 
 S-1/A 333-233446 4.1 9/9/2019 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement, dated July 12, 2019, by and among the Company and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1/A 333-233446 4.2 9/9/2019 4.3 Amended and Restated Stockholders' Agreement, dated July 12, 2019, by and among the Company and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1/A 333-233446 4.3 9/9/2019 4.4 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to investors by the Company in connection with private placement financings. 
 S-1/A 333-233446 4.4 9/9/2019 4.5 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase common stock issued to investors by the Company in 2016. 
 S-1/A 333-233446 4.8 9/9/2019 4.6 Form of Exchange Warrant 
 10-Q 001-39049 4.5 8/9/2021 10.2# Employment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2024, by and between the Company and Jeffrey Black. 
 8-K/A 001-39049 10.1 8/2/2024 31.1 Certificate of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certificate of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certifications Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 X 
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 # Management Compensation Plan or Arrangement. 
 32 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

EXAGEN INC. Date: November 12, 2024 
 by: /s/ John Aballi John Aballi President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 by: /s/ Jeffrey G. Black Jeffrey G. Black Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 xgn311-093024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 EXAGEN INC. 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John Aballi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Exagen Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s John Aballi 
 John Aballi 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 xgn312-093024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 EXAGEN INC. 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey G. Black, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Exagen Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Jeffrey G. Black 
 Jeffrey G. Black 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 xgn321-093024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Exagen Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 1. The accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 s John Aballi John Aballi President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Exagen Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that 
 1. The accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 

s Jeffrey G. Black Jeffrey G. Black Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 exdx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 exdx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 exdx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 exdx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 exdx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

