<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1425450_0001425450-24-000094.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7113170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104964</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1799332</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1861688</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1785746</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1450753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001425450-24-000094.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107143735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001425450-24-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001425450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				261761833
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38242
		FILM NUMBER:		241434751

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2850 FRONTIER DRIVE
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46582
		BUSINESS PHONE:		574-268-6379

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2850 FRONTIER DRIVE
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46582

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001425450-24-000094.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 kids-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kids-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 4, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 0.00025 par value per share. 

OrthoPediatrics Corp. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Three and Nine Months Ended Sept ember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 38 
 Exhibit Index 
 39 
 Signatures 
 41 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this quarterly report, including statements regarding our business, operations and financial performance and condition, as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for our business, operations and financial performance and condition, are forward-looking statements. You can often identify forward-looking statements by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "might," "target," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will" or "would," or the negative of these terms or other terms. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, such as the impact of widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 and respiratory syncytial virus, that may cause our results, activity levels, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements relating to: 
 
 our ability to achieve or sustain profitability in the future; 
 
 our ability to raise additional capital to fund our existing commercial operations, develop and commercialize new products and expand our operations; 
 
 our ability to commercialize our products in development and to develop and commercialize additional products through our research and development efforts, and if we fail to do so we may be unable to compete effectively; 
 
 our ability to generate sufficient revenue from the commercialization of our products to achieve and sustain profitability; 
 
 our ability to comply with extensive government regulation and oversight both in the United States and abroad; 
 
 our ability to maintain and expand our network of third-party independent sales agencies and distributors to market and distribute our products; and 
 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights or if we are accused of infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. 
 
 We cannot assure you that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, and you are encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this quarterly report, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 8, 2024 and in other reports filed with the SEC that discuss the risks and factors that may affect our business. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances occurring after the date of this quarterly report. 
 3 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable - trade, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Other assets: Amortizable intangible assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Other non-current assets Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable - trade Accrued compensation and benefits Current portion of long-term debt with affiliate Current portion of acquisition installment payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term term loan Long-term convertible note Long-term debt with affiliate, net of current portion Other long-term debt, net of current portion Acquisition installment payable, net of current portion Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Tradename impairment Research and development Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other expense (income): Interest expense, net Loss on early extinguishment of debt Fair value adjustment of contingent consideration ) Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Total other expense (income), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes (benefit) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted Net loss per share Basic and diluted 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited) (In Thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Unrealized gain on short-term investments Adjustment for realized gain on securities ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders' Shares Value Capital Deficit Loss Equity Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Restricted stock Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock portion of MedTech anniversary payment Stock portion of ApiFix anniversary installment Restricted stock Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Restricted stock ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders' Shares Value Capital Deficit Loss Equity Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Restricted stock Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Restricted stock Consideration for MedTech acquisition Stock portion of ApiFix anniversary installment Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock option exercise Restricted stock ) Consideration for Rhino Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) (In Thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Tradename impairment Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Loss on early extinguishment of debt Fair value adjustment of contingent consideration ) Accretion of acquisition installment payable Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in certain operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable - trade ) ) Inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable - trade ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Other ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of Boston O P, net of cash acquired ) Clinic acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Acquisition of MedTech, net of cash acquired ) Acquisition of Rhino assets ) Investment in private companies ) Sale of short-term marketable securities Purchase of short-term marketable securities ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Installment payment for ApiFix ) ) Installment payment for MedTech ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Payment on debt ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments on acquisition note ) Payments on mortgage notes ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) NET INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 9 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES Cash paid for interest Issuance of common shares to acquire Rhino Transfer of instruments between property and equipment and inventory Issuance of common shares for ApiFix installment Issuance of common shares for MedTech installment Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Debt issuance costs not yet paid 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share data) 
 
 NOTE 1 

NOTE 2 
 
 11 

We have experienced recurring losses from operations since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management continues to monitor cash flows and liquidity on a regular basis. We believe that our cash balance at September 30, 2024 and expected cash flows from operations for the next twelve months subsequent to the issuance of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, are sufficient to enable us to maintain current and essential planned operations for more than the next twelve months. 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company's significant accounting polices as disclosed in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Reclassification Sales and marketing (new presentation) 
 12 

Reclassification ) ) General and administrative (new presentation) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Research and development (prior presentation) Reclassification Research and development (new presentation) 

13 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 in cash, after adjusting for closing net working capital, transaction expenses, and funded indebtedness. Additionally, certain employees and executives of Boston O P also received awards of restricted stock of the Company which will vest in subject to continuous service. The Restricted Stock Award Agreements were to approximately individuals for an aggregate of approximately shares representing approximately (based on a share price of , which was the average closing price during the four-month period ending on January 4, 2024) and were granted pursuant to the Company s 2017 Incentive Award Plan. The restricted stock units are not considered part of the purchase consideration. 
 
 Assets Cash Accounts receivable - trade Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Amortizable intangible assets Other intangible assets Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable-trade Other current liabilities Long-term debt, including current portion Deferred tax liability Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Less: total net assets Goodwill 
 
 14 

Indefinite Customer Relationships Other years 
 
 Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 On July 1, 2024, Boston O P also completed an acquisition of the assets, including inventory, related to orthotic and prosthetic device clinics located in Virginia and Maryland. Boston O P paid in total consideration, which was comprised of of cash and a promissory note in the original principal amount of payable in six quarterly installments with interest at a rate of per annum. 

Rhino Pediatric Orthopedic Designs, Inc. 
 
 On July 1, 2023, the Company completed an acquisition of assets, including inventory and certain intangible assets, of Rhino Pediatric Orthopedic Designs, Inc. ("Rhino"). Rhino's product portfolio included several pediatric orthopedic products in the bracing and soft goods space, including the Cruiser TM , Kicker TM , and Rhino Stomper TM . The Company paid in total consideration for the assets which was comprised of of cash, including of transactions costs, and shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, representing approximately (based on closing price of on July 1, 2023). 
 
 Medtech Concepts LLC 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding membership interest of Medtech Concepts LLC, a Delaware limited liability company MedTech ). MedTech has developed an early-stage, pre-commercial enabling technology platform designed to increase efficiency in the perioperative environment. The solution combines hardware, software, and data analytics to help streamline operative care and support better decision making in the operating room. In the future, the Company believes this enabling technology platform will provide valuable intraoperative resources for surgeons that will improve decision making, drive operating room efficiency, and ultimately improve healthcare for children. The Company also expects that the acquisition will further support future market share gains for its implant systems, similar to what the Company has experienced with the FIREFLY Technology and the 7D Surgical FLASH TM Navigation platform. No revenue was recorded from this platform in 2023, and the Company does not anticipate material revenue contributions from the platform in 2024. 
 
 The sellers of MedTech are being paid a purchase price of approximately in the following manner: (i) cash in the aggregate amount of was paid on May 1, 2023, the transaction closing date (the Closing Date (ii) unregistered shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
 15 

per share, representing approximately (based on a closing share price of on May 1, 2023), were issued on the Closing Date; and (iii) an aggregate of payable in cash and in shares of unregistered common stock, will be paid on each of the first four anniversaries of the Closing Date, all subject to the conditions set forth in the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement"), as amended, relating to the transaction. 
 
 The Company concluded that the business acquired did not comprise an integrated set of activities that meet the definition of a business and therefore did not result in the acquisition of a business. Instead, the Company accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition for accounting purposes. 
 
 Under the Purchase Agreement, a number of future payments in the form of common stock are contingent on continued service through each applicable payment anniversary date. As such, these amounts have been excluded from measuring the cost of the acquisition. The result is of stock compensation which is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period. Future cash payments and stock issuances that are not contingent on continuous service are included in the calculation of consideration. The total consideration is after discounting the future guaranteed fixed payments to their present value. Additionally, since this was treated as an asset acquisition, the Company included of transaction costs in the total consideration. 
 Issuance of common stock Anniversary payments Transaction costs Total consideration transferred 
 
 As result of this asset acquisition, the Company recorded a trademark asset in the amount of with an indefinite useful life and an intellectual property asset relating to software acquired of which is being amortized over a useful life of . 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid the first anniversary payment consisting of in cash and issued of the Company's common stock approximating which reduced the amount of the acquisition installment payable on our balance sheet. In addition, we issued shares of our common stock to one individual on the first anniversary date in exchange for their continued service through the vesting date which had been accounted for as stock based compensation expense in the post-combination consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Kevin Unger, a member of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board through April 28, 2023, was one of the sellers in the transaction. As a result, the Board formed a special committee comprised of independent and disinterested directors (the Special Committee with the exclusive authority to review, evaluate, and negotiate, or reject, the potential MedTech acquisition. The Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by both the Special Committee and the full Board (with Mr. Unger abstaining). 

16 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 Boston O P acquisition Other clinic acquisitions Foreign currency translation impact ) Goodwill at September 30, 2024 

Intangible Assets 
 
 years ) Intellectual Property Capitalized Software years ) Customer Relationships Other years ) License Agreements years ) Total amortizable assets ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the balances of amortizable intangible assets were as follows: 
 Weighted-Average Amortization Period Gross Intangible Assets Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible Assets Patents years ) Intellectual Property Capitalized Software years ) Customer Relationships Other years ) License Agreements years ) Total amortizable assets ) 
 
 Licenses are tied to product launches and do not begin amortizing until the product is launched to the market. 
 
 Trademarks are non-amortizing intangible assets which were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Trademarks are recorded in Other intangible assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The change in balance during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by foreign currency translation adjustments and the Boston O P acquisition. 
 
 for the year ended December 31, 2023 to reduce the carrying amount of the intangible asset to its estimated fair value. 
 17 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets Short-term investments Certificates of Deposit Exchange Trade Mutual Funds Treasury Bonds Other 
 
 The Company's Level 1 assets consist of short-term, liquid investments with original maturity of three months or less at inception and other short-term investments which are comprised of exchange traded mutual funds and marketable securities with a maturity date greater than 3 months. 
 
 The Company's Level 2 assets pertain to certain asset-backed securities, collateralized by non-mortgage-related consumer debt, or certificates of deposit. These securities are predominately priced by third parties, either by a pricing vendor or dealer with significant inputs observable in active markets. 

18 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 Convertible note Mortgage payable to affiliate Acquisition note payable Total debt Less: debt discount and issuance costs Less: current maturities Long-term debt, net of current maturities 
 
 Braidwell Term Loan 
 
 On August 5, 2024, the Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, as borrowers (collectively, the Credit Parties ), entered into that certain Credit Agreement and Guaranty (the Term Loan Agreement ), by and among the Credit Parties, any additional borrowers from time to time party thereto, any guarantors from time to time party thereto, one or more funds managed by Braidwell LP Braidwell ), as lenders, the other lenders from time to time party thereto (together with Braidwell, the Term Lenders ), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as agent (the Term Agent ). The Term Loan Agreement provides for (i) an initial term loan facility in the initial principal amount of , which was funded in its entirety on August 12, 2024 and (ii) a delayed draw term loan facility (the DDTL in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed , which, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, may be drawn until August 5, 2025. 
 
 Loans borrowed pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement (the Term Loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR Interest Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement and with a floor of plus . The Company has the option to make a payment-in-kind interest payment equal to per annum of the interest rate. The Term Loans do not amortize and will be interest-only until the August 5, 2029 maturity date, at which time all unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest, fees and expenses due under the Term Loan Agreement will become due and payable. The Company is obligated to pay certain upfront fees and agency fees in connection with the Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 The Company may pay all or a portion of the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest under the Term Loan Agreement at any time upon prior notice to the Term Lenders subject to (i) a repayment fee schedule of, depending on when the repayment is made, of the principal amount of any such repayment during the first 12 months of the Term Loan Agreement or applicable DDTL funding date, of the principal amount of any such repayment during months 13 through 24 of the Term Loan Agreement or applicable DDTL funding date, of the principal amount of any such repayment during months 25 through 36 of the Term Loan Agreement or applicable DDTL funding date, and thereafter and (ii) an exit fee equal to of the principal amount of any such repayment ("Final Payment"). The Term Loan Agreement contains customary mandatory prepayment provisions. Once repaid or prepaid, the Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 
 The Term Loan Agreement includes customary conditions to borrowing, representations and warranties and covenants, including affirmative covenants and negative covenants that restrict the Credit Parties and their subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, make investments, dispose of assets, make acquisitions, pay dividends or make distributions, repurchase stock and enter into certain transactions with affiliates, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The Term Loan Agreement also has financial covenants requiring the Credit Parties to (i) maintain at all times unrestricted cash held in US accounts subject to Lenders first priority lien equal to at least of the aggregate principal amount of any outstanding Term Loans and (ii) maintain certain minimum net product sales over a trailing twelve month period as set forth therein. 
 19 

in aggregate principal amount of the Company s Convertible Senior Notes due February 15, 2030 (the Notes for an aggregate purchase price of . The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture ), dated as of August 12, 2024, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 
 The Notes represent the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; and (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness. 
 
 The Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15, and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2024. The Notes will mature on February 15, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. Before November 15, 2029, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the Company s common stock trading above of the conversion price for a specified period, the Notes per 1 in principal amount trading below of the product of the trading price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate, and certain fundamental changes to corporate structure. From and after November 15, 2029, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is 24.4021 shares of common stock per 1 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 
 The Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after February 21, 2028 and on or before the 30th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if (i) the Notes are Freely Tradable (as defined in the Indenture) and any accrued and unpaid additional interest pursuant to the Notes has been paid as of the redemption date, and (ii) the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case 
 20 

days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least ; (vii) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries for the payment of at least where such judgments are not discharged or stayed within 60 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; and (viii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, and reorganization involving the Company or any of the Company s significant subsidiaries. 
 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding on the principal amount of the Notes. 
 
 The debt facilities replaced the Credit, Security, and Guaranty Agreement with MidCap Funding IV Trust and MidCap Financial Trust and other parties named therein, dated December 29, 2023 (the "MidCap Credit Agreement"). There was approximately outstanding under the MidCap Credit Agreement and it was terminated in connection with the Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 MidCap Term Loan 
 
 Borrowings under the MidCap Credit Agreement accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (a) One Month Term SOFR plus or (b) and interest on the Revolving Loan would have accrued at the greater of (a) One Month Term SOFR plus or (b) (the Applicable Rate ). The Company paid MidCap an unused commitment fee in an amount equal to the per annum rate of (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed) times the 
 21 

and a Revolving Loan of , payable, jointly and severally, by the Company and each of its subsidiaries party thereto. The MidCap Term Loan and Revolving Loan matured at the earlier of (i) December 1, 2028; (ii) the occurrence of any transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which any person or entity in the aggregate acquire(s) or more of the voting capital stock of the Company; (iii) a change in the majority of the Company s Board of Directors over a 12-month period; (iv) the Company ceases to own directly or indirectly, 100 of the capital stock of any of its subsidiaries (with the exception of any subsidiaries permitted to be dissolved, merged or otherwise disposed of by the MidCap Credit Agreement), or (v) the occurrence of a change in control, fundamental change, deemed liquidation event or terms of similar import under any document or instrument governing or relating to debt of or equity interests of the Company. 
 
 Borrowings under the MidCap Credit Agreement were secured by a security interest in the Company s and other Borrowers' assets. The MidCap Credit Agreement provided for customary events of default. If an event of default is not cured within the time periods specified (if any), the Lenders and Agent would have had the right to accelerate the Company s payment of principal and interest in addition to other rights and remedies. The MidCap Credit Agreement included certain customary non-financial covenants, and also include certain financial covenants related to the Company achieving minimum revenue targets over a trailing twelve month period and maintaining minimum liquidity of . The MidCap Credit Agreement was amended on May 3, 2024 to clarify the inputs into the financial covenant calculations. 
 
 As a result of the termination of the MidCap Credit Agreement, the Company recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt in the amount of on the consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Squadron Revolver 
 
 The MidCap Credit Agreement replaced the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with Squadron Capital, LLC ("Squadron"), (as amended, the "Squadron Loan Agreement"), which provided the Company with a revolving credit facility. There was no indebtedness outstanding under the Squadron Loan Agreement when it was terminated in connection with the MidCap Credit Agreement on December 31, 2023. 
 
 Borrowings under the Squadron Loan Agreement accrued interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (a) six month SOFR plus and (b) , and the Company was permitted to make interest only payments on amounts outstanding. Prior to December 31, 2021, the interest rate on the facility had been equal to the greater of (a) three month LIBOR plus and (b) . The Company paid Squadron an unused commitment fee in an amount equal to the per annum rate of (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed) times the daily unused portion of the revolving credit commitment. The unused commitment fee was payable quarterly in arrears. 
 
 Borrowings under the Squadron Loan Agreement were made under a Second Amended and Restated Revolving Note, dated June 13, 2022 (the Amended Revolving Note ), payable, jointly and severally, by the Company and each of its subsidiaries party thereto. The Amended Revolving Note matured at the earlier of: (i) the date on which any person or persons acquire (x) capital stock of the Company possessing the voting power to elect a majority of the Company s Board of Directors (whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization, combination, sale or transfer), or (y) all or substantially all of the Company s assets, determined on a consolidated basis; and (ii) January 1, 2024. 
 
 Borrowings under the Squadron Loan Agreement were secured by substantially all of the Company's assets and were unconditionally guaranteed by each of its subsidiaries with the exception of Vilex in 
 22 

with interest compounded at unt il maturity in 2028, at which time a final payment of remaining principal and interest is due. At September 30, 2024, the mortgage balance was of which current principal of was included in the current portion of long-term debt. As of December 31, 2023, the mortgage balance was of which current principal due of was included in the current portion of long-term debt. 
 
 The aggregate interest expense relating to the notes payable to Squadron, the mortgage note payable to Tawani Enterprises Inc., the term loan with MidCap, the term loan with Braidwell, and the convertible note with Braidwell, was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective income tax rate was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The higher effective rate compared to the prior period is from the remeasurement of the valuation allowance subsequent to recording the deferred tax liability as a result of the purchase accounting from the Boston O P acquisition. 
 
 The deferred tax assets were fully offset by a valuation allowance at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, with the exception of certain deferred tax liabilities recognized in a foreign jurisdiction as a result of fair value adjustments recorded upon the acquisition of ApiFix, Ltd. and Pega Medical (OrthoPediatrics Canada ULC). The Company has recorded a tax benefit for losses generated in Israel and a tax expense for income generated in Canada during the period ended September 30, 2024. 

23 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) Vested ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

On June 11, 2024, we granted an aggregate of shares of restricted stock to eight members of management. The restricted stock was granted pursuant to the Company's 2024 Incentive Award Plan. While restricted stock awards generally vest over , these restricted stock awards provide for a vesting period ending on March 15, 2027 in order to align the vesting dates with the vesting dates of other restricted stock awards held by members of management. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation expense remaining related to our service-based restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years or earlier upon an elimination of the restriction period as a result of a change in control event. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense on restricted stock amounted to and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 in aggregate investment of the Company s outstanding common stock, contingent upon the closing of the Term Loan and the Notes. The stock repurchases may, at the discretion of management, be made from time to time, through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan all as effected in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company is not obligated to purchase any shares under the program, and the program may be discontinued at any time. No shares have been purchased under this program as of September 30, 2024. 

NOTE 9 ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding for basic and diluted Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 
 24 

NOTE 10 
 
 operating and reportable segment, which designs, develops and markets anatomically appropriate implants and devices for children with orthopedic problems. Our chief operating decision-maker, our Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance, accompanied by disaggregated revenue information by product category. We determined that disaggregating revenue into these categories achieves the disclosure objective of illustrating the differences in the nature, timing and uncertainty of our revenue streams. We do not assess the performance of our individual product categories on measures of profit or loss, or other asset-based metrics. Therefore, the information below is presented only for revenue by category and geography. 
 
 Product sales attributed to a country or region includes product sales to hospitals, physicians and distributors and is based on the final destination where the products are sold. No individual customer accounted for more than 10 of total product sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. No individual customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 International Total 
 25 

Scoliosis Sports medicine/other Total 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 of our suppliers. Structure Medical is affiliated with Squadron and a supplier with which we maintain certain long-term agreements. We made aggregate payments to Structure Medical for inventory purchases of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 of employees' salary. Additionally, employees of MD Ortho and Boston O P receive contribution matches up to of their salary. 

NOTE 13 
 
 and corresponding right-of-use asset of on its condensed consolidated balance sheet . We assumed of operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in connection with our acquisition of Boston O P. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 
 
 IMED Surgical - Software Ownership Dispute 
 
 On October 16, 2020, the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Orthex, LLC Orthex ), the Company s largest investor, Squadron, and certain other defendants, were named in a lawsuit filed by IMED Surgical, LLC, a New Jersey company ("IMED"), in Broward County, Florida Circuit Court. In the lawsuit, IMED claims, among other things, that it is the rightful owner of certain patented point-and-click planning software being used by the Company, Orthex and Squadron (specifically, U.S. Patent No. 10,258,377 (titled Point and click alignment method for orthopedic surgeons, and surgical and clinical accessories and devices, issued on April 16, 2019) (hereinafter, the 377 Patent ). 
 
 26 

in total consideration. Vilex and Orthex are primarily manufacturers of foot and ankle surgical implants, including cannulated screws, fusion devices, surgical staples and bone plates, as well as the Orthex Hexapod technology, a system of rings, struts, implants, hardware accessories, and the Point Click Software used to treat congenital deformities and limb length discrepancies. On December 31, 2019, the Company divested substantially all of the assets relating to Vilex's adult product offerings to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Squadron, in exchange for a reduction in a term note owed to Squadron in connection with the initial acquisition. As part of the sale, the Company also executed an exclusive license arrangement with Squadron providing for perpetual access to certain intellectual property, including the 377 Patent. According to the lawsuit, the other defendants, who are unrelated to the Company, assigned the 377 Patent to Orthex in violation of certain agreements with IMED. IMED, among other things, requests that the defendants be ordered to convey and assign to IMED all of their rights, title and interests in and to the 377 Patent and seeks certain compensatory, consequential and unjust enrichment damages from Orthex and the unrelated defendants. 
 
 On May 13, 2021, the Court ordered the lawsuit stayed pending arbitration. To the extent IMED desires to further pursue the matter, it must first do so through a separate arbitration proceeding. In mid-November 2021, IMED initiated an arbitration proceeding; however, IMED failed to pay the fees it was required to pay for the arbitration to continue, resulting in the arbitration panel terminating the arbitration proceedings in mid-October 2022. In connection with the stay order, the Court also ordered the Company, Orthex and Squadron to give notice to IMED before any attempt to dispose, assign, sell or otherwise encumber the 377 Patent. The Company, Orthex and Squadron filed an appeal of this component of the order, but the appellate court affirmed the lower court s decision. The Company, Orthex and Squadron have not sought to further pursue an appeal of the subject order. 
 
 On February 3, 2023, the Court partially lifted the stay in this case for the sole purpose of, as clarified by the Court's order on March 7, 2023, "permitting any party to argue any motion challenging the events that occurred which led to the arbitration panel's termination order." No filing was made in response to that order. No further filings were made in this case until October 30, 2023, when defendants filed a motion to dismiss. 
 
 On December 12, 2023, the Court ordered IMED has until March 13, 2024, to appear before the Court and show cause why this case should not be dismissed for failure to pursue arbitration consistent with the Court s orders. On March 13, 2024, a hearing took place to discuss the status of IMED s effort to re-initiate arbitration. Thereafter, on March 25, 2024, the court ordered, if, by April 27, 2024, IMED has not begun arbitration, resolved this case, or substantiated (in the form of an attorney and client declaration) that it has executed an agreement with a litigation funder to pay for arbitration proceedings, to pay the balance due to the subject arbitration association and to re-instate the arbitration, the Court will dismiss this case without prejudice. On April 26, 2024, IMED informed the Court it has executed an agreement with a litigation funder to pay for arbitration proceedings, to pay the balance due to the subject arbitration association, and to reinstate the arbitration, and is in the final stages of resolving the balance due to the subject arbitration association. 
 
 On September 20, 2024, the Court dismissed IMED s lawsuit, without prejudice, for failure to prosecute. However, contemporaneously, IMED re-initiated arbitration. 
 
 Although we believe the Company has strong defenses to the IMED arbitration and we intend to vigorously defend the claims asserted against us, arbitration can involve complex factual and legal questions, and an adverse resolution of such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

27 

future purchase commitments are required for the year ended December 31, 2025. 
 
 On July 20, 2021, we entered into an amended license agreement, resulting in a extension of our exclusive distribution rights of the FIREFLY Technology. As a component of the agreement the Company is required to meet minimum performance metrics, measured by the number of spine procedures in the fiscal year which used the FIREFLY products against the annual requirement in the agreement. This includes any scheduled surgeries whereby the Company has committed to payment of the product. The number of required surgeries varies each year of the agreement. The Company analyzes its projected achievement of these performance metrics and accrues for any estimated shortfall. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an expense of based on current estimates. The Company recorded of expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Royalties 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we are contracted to pay royalties to individuals and entities that provide research and development services, which range from to of sales. 

28 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this quarterly report, as well as the information under "Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." 
 
 The description of our business included in this quarterly report is summary in nature and only includes material developments that have occurred since the latest full description. The full description of the history and general development of our business is included in "Item 1. Description of Business" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 

Overview 
 
 We are the only global medical device company focused exclusively on providing a comprehensive trauma and deformity correction, scoliosis, sports medicine, specialty bracing and clinical services to the pediatric orthopedic market in order to improve the lives of children with orthopedic conditions. We design, develop and commercialize innovative orthopedic implants, instruments and specialized braces to meet the needs of pediatric surgeons or orthotists and their patients, who we believe have been largely neglected by the orthopedic industry. We currently serve three of the largest categories in this market. We estimate that the portion of this market that we currently serve represents a 5.0 billion opportunity globally, including over 2.2 billion in the United States. 
 
 We sell implants, instruments and specialized braces to our customers for use by pediatric orthopedic surgeons, orthotists or physical therapists to treat orthopedic conditions in children. We provide our implants in sets that consist of a range of implant sizes and include the instruments necessary to perform the surgical procedure. In the United States and a few selected international markets, our customers typically expect us to have full sets of implants and instruments on site at each hospital but do not purchase the implants until they are used in surgery. Accordingly, we must make an up-front investment in inventory of consigned implants and instruments before we can generate revenue from a particular hospital and we maintain substantial levels of inventory at any given time. In the international markets where we sell to stocking distributors or in the case of our braces, we transfer control of our products to the distributor or customer when title passes upon shipment. 
 
 We currently market over 70 surgical and specialized bracing systems that serve three of the largest categories within the pediatric orthopedic market: (i) trauma and deformity correction, (ii) scoliosis and (iii) sports medicine/other. We rely on a broad network of third parties to manufacture the components of our products, which we then inspect and package. We believe our innovative products promote improved surgical accuracy, increase consistency of outcomes and enhance surgeon confidence in achieving high standards of care. In the future, we expect to expand our product offering within these categories, as well as to address additional categories of the pediatric orthopedic market. 
 
 The majority of our revenue has been generated in the United States, where we sell our products through a network of multiple direct sales representatives as well as 41 independent sales agencies employing over 220 sales representatives specifically focused on pediatrics. These independent sales agents are trained by us, distribute our products and are compensated through sales-based commissions and performance bonuses. We do not sell our products through or participate in physician-owned distributorships, or PODs. 
 
 We market and sell our products internationally in over 70 countries, through independent stocking distributors and sales agencies. Our independent distributors manage the billing relationship with each 
 29 

hospital in their respective territories and are responsible for servicing the product needs of their surgeon customers. In 2017, we began to supplement our international stocking distributors with sales agencies using direct sales programs in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand where we sell directly to the hospitals. We began selling direct to Canada in September 2018, Belgium and the Netherlands in January 2019, Italy in March 2020 and Germany, Switzerland and Austria in January 2021. In order to further enhance our operations in Europe, we established operating companies in the Netherlands and Germany in March 2019 and April 2022, respectively. In January 2023, we established a direct sales organization in Germany, the Company's first direct selling organization serving an international market. In our international markets, excluding Germany, we work through sales agencies that are paid a commission, similar to our U.S. sales model. These arrangements have generated an increase in revenue and gross margin. 
 
 We believe there are significant opportunities for us to strengthen our position in U.S. and international markets by increasing investments in consigned implant and instrument sets, strengthening our global sales and distribution infrastructure, expanding our product offering and expanding clinics to many other childrens hospitals. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") Activities 
 
 OrthoPediatrics was founded on the cause of impacting the lives of children with orthopedic conditions. Since inception we have impacted the lives of over 1.1 million children, when including those served by our acquired companies. We believe we should continue to expand our social efforts while minimizing our impact to the environment and ensuring corporate governance. In 2021, we created an internal ESG team, which reports directly to our Board s Governance Committee, to identify ESG topics for disclosure by assessing both the impact on our business and the importance to our stakeholders. 
 
 We encourage you to review our ESG page and summary report which can be found under the "About" section of our corporate website for more detailed information regarding our ESG efforts and current initiatives. On our website, among other information, are the following highlights: 
 
 OrthoPediatrics cares about our environmental impact while working in a highly regulated industry and we are certified according to ISO 13485. Our team in Warsaw, Indiana recently implemented an enhanced recycling program and our team in the United Kingdom created a carbon reduction plan. 
 
 The Company and its associates regularly participate in philanthropic causes important to our local communities. We also partner with charitable organizations that provide pediatric orthopedic care around the world. In 2020, we were named as "Corporate Partner of the Year" by World Pediatrics - with whom we work to provide access to medical care for children in developing countries. 
 
 We are committed to fostering an environment that is respectful, compassionate, and inclusive of everyone in our community which is communicated in our diversity and inclusion policy. For eight years we have been recognized by the Indiana Chamber of Commerce - Best Companies to Work in Indiana. 
 
 Th e Company and its Board of Directors understand the value of diversity. In 2022 and again in 2023, the Company added diverse Directors to our Board and will continue its Board diversity initiative in the future. 
 
 We believe effectively managing our priorities, as well as increasing our transparency related to ESG programs, will help create long-term value for our stakeholders. We expect to increase our disclosures and communicate our ESG efforts in future SEC filings. 
 
 30 

Nothing on our website shall be deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Trends and Uncertainties 
 
 From time to time we acquire, make investments in or license other technologies, products and business that may enhance our capabilities, complement our current products or expand the breadth of our markets or customer base. As a result of these transactions, we may record certain intangible assets, including goodwill and trademarks, which are subject to annual impairment testing. Fair value is based on our current assessment of the expected future cash flows based on recent results and other specific market factors. During 2023 and 2022, we determined that a triggering event had occurred indicating it was more likely than not the fair value of the ApiFix trademark was less than the associated carrying value. Subsequently, the Company completed a quantitative analysis and concluded that the fair value was in fact less than the carrying value and a partial impairment losses of 1.0 million and 3.6 million were recorded in 2023 and 2022, respectively. We believe that the expected future cash flows in the most recent calculations represent management s best estimate; however, if actual results differ materially from these estimates, we could record an additional impairment charge which could be material to our consolidated financial statements and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 In 2023 and 2022, there was a significant and unprecedented increase in cases of respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV, and other respiratory illnesses. RSV is a common respiratory virus that follows a seasonal pattern. The typical season shows an increase in mid-September, peaks in late December and drops around mid-April. In 2023 the United States experienced a significant increase in RSV activity outside of the typical peak season as well as a heightened impact during the winter months. The volume of elective procedures utilizing our products were negatively impacted as a significant percent of hospital capacity was absorbed to cover the increase in RSV-related hospitalizations. This had a negative impact on our sales volume in 2022 and 2023 and may continue to do so into the future. We are unable to accurately determine exactly how this will impact us in the future. 
 
 We encourage the readers of this document to read our risk factors in their entirety contained in Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 8, 2024 and in other reports filed with the SEC that discuss the risks and factors that may affect our business. 

Summary of Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Net revenue 54,573 39,972 14,601 37 152,060 111,119 40,941 37 Cost of revenue 14,513 9,019 5,494 61 39,027 26,580 12,447 47 Sales and marketing expenses 16,750 13,942 2,808 20 47,512 40,024 7,488 19 General and administrative expenses 26,299 17,973 8,326 46 78,358 54,242 24,116 44 Trademark impairment 985 (985) (100) 985 (985) (100) Research and development expenses 2,577 2,561 16 1 8,118 7,973 145 2 Other expense (income), net 3,571 (766) 4,337 (566) 4,565 (4,276) 8,841 (207) Provision for income taxes (benefit) (1,218) 849 (2,067) 243 (3,767) (126) (3,641) (2890) Net loss (7,919) (4,591) 3,328 72 (21,753) (14,283) 7,470 52 
 31 

Net Revenue 
 
 The following tables set forth our net revenue by geography and product category for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Product sales by geographic location: 2024 2023 2024 2023 U.S. 42,714 29,360 118,269 82,748 International 11,859 10,612 33,791 28,371 Total 54,573 39,972 152,060 111,119 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Product sales by category: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Trauma and deformity 37,642 28,806 108,715 79,715 Scoliosis 15,635 10,304 39,521 28,270 Sports medicine/other 1,296 862 3,824 3,134 Total 54,573 39,972 152,060 111,119 
 
 Net revenue increased 14.6 million, or 37 , from 40.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 54.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Net revenue increased 40.9 million, or 37 , from 111.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 152.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the addition of Boston O P sales, as well as strong performance across global Trauma and Deformity, Scoliosis and OP Specialty Bracing. 
 
 Trauma and deformity sales increased 8.8 million, or 31 , from 28.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 37.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and sales increased 29.0 million, or 36 , from 79.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 108.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by strong growth across numerous product lines, specifically our Cannulated Screws, PNP Femur, PediPlate, external fixation and Pega systems, as well as the addition of Boston O P. Scoliosis sales increased 5.3 million, or 52 , from 10.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 15.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Sales increased 11.3 million, or 40 , from 28.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 39.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase for three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by increased sales of our RESPONSE 5.5/6.0 and ApiFix systems and revenue generated from 7D Technology, as well as the addition of Boston O P. Sports medicine / other increased 0.4 million, or 50 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 0.7 million, or 22 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Nearly all the change in each category was due to an increase or decrease in the unit volume sold and not a result of price changes. 
 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 
 Cost of revenue increased 5.5 million, or 61 , from 9.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 14.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Cost of revenue increased 12.4 million, or 47 , from 26.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 39.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increases were due primarily to sales volume, including the added cost of revenue associated with the revenue generated by acquisitions. Gross margin was 73 and 77 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 
 32 

2023, respectively. The gross margin was 74.3 and 76.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 2.8 million, or 20 , to 16.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 13.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Sales and marketing expenses increased 7.5 million, or 19 , to 47.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 40.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The changes in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 were due primarily to increased sales commission expenses, as well as the addition of Boston O P. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 8.3 million, or 46 , from 18.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 26.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and increased 24.1 million, or 44 , from 54.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 78.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increases for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 were due primarily to the addition of Boston O P. Stock compensation increased 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to the increase in personnel and also as a result of restricted stock issued as part of the Boston O P acquisition. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased 0.5 million, or 12 , from 4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and increased 2.9 million, or 24 , from 12.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 15.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in depreciation for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to higher set deployments and increased amortization associated with acquisitions, as well as the addition of Boston O P. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses remained flat from 2.6 million year over year, and increased 0.1 million, or 2 , from 8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The fluctuations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 were primarily due to the timing of product development and the addition of personnel to support the future growth of the business during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Total Other (Income) Expenses 
 
 Other expense was 3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to other income of 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a change of 4.3 million or 566 , and other expense was 4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to other income of 4.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a change of 8.8 million or 207 . The change for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the fair value adjustment of contingent consideration associated with our ApiFix acquisition, which generated income in the comparative prior year period, and the early extinguishment of the MidCap Credit Agreement in the third quarter, partially offset by an increase to net interest expense related to the new Term Loan and Convertible Note with Braidwell. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We have incurred operating losses since inception which resulted in negative cash flows used in operating activities of 23.1 million and 19.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 219.5 million. We 
 33 

anticipate that our losses will continue in the near term as we continue to expand our product portfolio and invest in additional consigned implant and instrument sets to support our expansion into existing and new markets. Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the sales of our common and preferred stock, convertible securities and debt, as well as through sales of our products. At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of 78.1 million. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (23,061) (19,503) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (10,750) 23,755 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 53,676 (2,086) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 153 (396) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 20,018 1,770 
 
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 23.1 million and 19.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The primary use of this cash was to fund our operations related to the development and commercialization of our products in each of these periods. Net cash used for working capital was 26.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 23.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by inventory purchases to support sales growth as well as changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable associated with the increased sales and acquired inventory, respectively. 
 
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 10.8 million compared to 23.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of the sale and purchase of short-term marketable securities offset by purchases of property, plant and equipment of 14.5 million, the majority of which is instrument sets and the acquisition of Boston O P and related clinics. The change in cash related to investing activities is primarily driven by business combinations and the purchase of short term marketable securities which decreased from the prior year. 
 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 53.7 million consisting of 2.3 million related to the ApiFix fourth and final anniversary payment and 1.3 million related to the MedTech first year anniversary payment, and 60.2 million related to the new debt agreement with Braidwell, replacing the term loan with MidCap. 

Indebtedness 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On August 05, 2024, the Company signed an 100 million term loan and private placement arrangement with Braidwell LP by and among (i) the Company and other borrowers party to the Credit Agreement, (ii) 
 34 

Braidwell LP, and (iii) the financial institutions or other entities from time to time party thereto as Lenders. Terms of the financing include a 50 million term loan and 50 million of convertible notes. The term loan consists of an initial term loan of 25 million and access to a delayed draw term loan facility for an additional 25 million, subject to certain terms and conditions. The interest rate on the term loan is SOFR + 6.50 with the Company having the option to make a payment-in-kind interest payment equal to 1.00 per annum of the rate. Payments are interest only until the maturity date in August 2029. Included in the term loan are financial covenants to maintain cash in certain pledged accounts of at least 25 of the outstanding principal amount of the loan and to maintain certain minimum net product sales during the loan period. 
 
 The 50 million of convertible notes will accrue interest at a rate of 4.75 per annum. Payments will consist of interest only until the maturity date in February 2030. The notes are convertible into common stock of the Company at an initial conversion price of 40.98, which represents a 30 premium to the Company s volume weighted average common stock price for the thirty trading days ended August 2, 2024. 
 
 In connection with its approval of the financing, the Company s Board approved a stock repurchase program of up to 5 million in value of the Company s outstanding common stock. Using the closing price on August 2, 2024, of 29.56, the amount of common stock subject to the repurchase program represents approximately 169,000 shares or 0.7 of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 
 The proceeds from the financing will be used to repay the Company s outstanding debt of approximately 10 million, transaction fees incurred in connection with the financing, potential stock repurchases under the program described above, and for general corporate purposes and working capital needs. 
 
 The debt facilities replace the 80 million Credit, Security, and Guaranty Agreement with MidCap Funding IV Trust and MidCap Financial Trust and other parties named therein. There was approximately 10 million outstanding under the MidCap Credit Agreement and it was terminated in connection with the Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 In August 2013, pursuant to the purchase of our office and warehouse space, we entered into a mortgage note payable to Tawani Enterprises Inc., the owner of which is a member of Squadron s management committee. Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage note, we pay Tawani Enterprises Inc. monthly principal and interest installments of 15,543, with interest compounded at 5 until maturity in August 2028, at which time a final payment of remaining principal and interest will become due. 
 
 See Note 6 - Debt and Credit Arrangements in Item 1 for further detail regarding our debt. 

Pediatric Orthopedic Business Seasonality 
 
 Our revenue is typically higher in the summer months and holiday periods, driven by higher sales of our trauma and deformity and scoliosis products, which is influenced by the higher incidence of pediatric surgeries during these periods due to recovery time provided by breaks in the school year. Additionally, our scoliosis patients tend to have additional health challenges that make scheduling their procedures variable in nature. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 
 There were no material changes to our critical accounting policies that are disclosed in our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024. 

35 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies in Item 1 Financial Statements of Part 1 of this Quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We consider our greatest potential area of market risk exposure to be interest rate risk related to our indebtedness and foreign currency exchange rate risk on our operating results. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about exchange rate risk are included in Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2023. There were no material changes from the information provided therein. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 a. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) at the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. 
 
 Based on this evaluation, we concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We recognize that any controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives, and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 b. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 On January 5, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Boston O P. The Company continues to evaluate Boston O P's systems and controls and to integrate them into the Company's existing control structure. Except as it relates to the integration of the Boston O P business, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this quarterly report that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 

36 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 
 
 A discussion of certain of those legal proceedings is contained in Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies (under the heading Legal Proceedings of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1. Financial Statements of Part I of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We are not presently a party to any other legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this quarterly report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024. Other than as described below, there have been no material changes to these Risk Factors since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Conversion of the Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 The conversion of some or all of the Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of our common stock upon conversion of any of the Notes. The Notes may from time to time in the future be convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Notes could be used to satisfy short positions or anticipated conversion of the Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions in the indenture governing the Notes could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. 
 
 Certain provisions in the Notes and the indenture governing the Notes could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Notes), then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Notes), then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Notes and the indenture governing the Notes could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third-party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 a. Sale of Unregistered Securities. 
 
 None. 
 
 37 

b. Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 
 
 c. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 None. 
 
 On August 2, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a limited stock repurchase program of up to 5.0 million in aggregate investment of the Company s outstanding common stock, 0.00025 par value per share. If not yet repurchased as of December 31, 2024, the dollar limit on repurchases thereafter is reduced to 250,000 per annum. The program does not have an expiration date. However, it may be discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time. The Company has not yet repurchased any shares of its common stock pursuant to the repurchase program. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 a. Information required under Form 8-K. 
 
 None. 
 
 b. Modifications to nomination process. 
 
 None. 
 
 c. . 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement", as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, except as follows: 
 
 , the Company's of Scoliosis, a trading 
 shares of the Company's common stock. The plan has an effective date of and will terminate on , subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the plan. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are included within this Report or incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 38 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 2.1 w 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, by and among OrthoPediatrics Corp., ApiFix Ltd. ApiFix ), certain controlling shareholders of ApiFix, and the sellers representative named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2020) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 2.2 w 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 1, 2022, by and among OrthoPediatrics Corp., OrthoPediatrics Iowa Holdco, Inc., Mitchell Designs, Inc. Designs ), and John Mitchell, the sole shareholder of Designs (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2022) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 2.3 w 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated May 1, 2023, by and among OrthoPediatrics Corp., Kevin Unger, DINZE LLC, and the sole member of DINZE LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of registrant's form 8-K filed on May 1, 2023) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 2.4 w 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 5, 2024, by and among OrthoPediatrics Corp., Boston Brace International, Inc., GreatBanc Trust Company, solely in its capacity as trustee of Boston Brace International, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Trust, the Selling Equityholders (as defined therein), and Thomas Morrissey, solely in his capacity as Sellers' Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2024) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of OrthoPediatrics Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2017) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of OrthoPediatrics Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2023) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 4.1 
 Specimen stock certificate evidencing the shares of common stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of registrant's Amendment No. 3 to Form S-1 filed on October 2, 2017) (SEC File No. 333-212076) 
 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the registrant and Squadron, dated as of May 30, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of registrant's Form S-1 filed on June 16, 2016) (SEC File No. 333-212076) 
 4.3 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the registrant and Squadron, dated October 16, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2017) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 4.4 
 Stockholders Agreement, by and between the registrant and Squadron, dated October 16, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2017) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 4.5 
 Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2024, between OrthoPediatrics Corp. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 2 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 4.6 
 Form of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due February 15, 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 10.1 
 
 OrthoPediatrics Corp. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, effective January 1, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2023) (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 10.2 
 Credit, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated December 29, 2023, by and among OrthoPediatrics Corp., MidCap Financial Trust, and other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 10.3 
 Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of August 5, 2024, by and among OrthoPediatrics Corp. and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, as borrowers, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 10.4 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 5, 2024, by and between OrthoPediatrics Corp. and Braidwell Transaction Holdings LLC - Series 10 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant's Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242) 
 10.5 
 Employment Agreement, by and between David R. Bailey and OrthoPediatrics Corp., dated as of October 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 10.6 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Fred L. Hite and OrthoPediatrics Corp., dated as of October 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 
 39 

10.7 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Gregory A. Odle and OrthoPediatrics Corp., dated as of October 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 10.8 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Daniel J. Gerritzen and OrthoPediatrics Corp., dated as of October 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 10.9 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Joseph W. Hauser and OrthoPediatrics Corp., dated as of October 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2024 (SEC File No. 001-38242). 
 10.1 
 + OrthoPediatrics Corp. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, effective August 8, 2024. 
 31.1 
 + Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 + Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 ++ Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 ++ Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS + Inline XBRL Instance Document (The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.) 101.SCH + Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL + Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF + Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB + Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE + Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 w The exhibits and schedules to the applicable agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any schedule omitted from such agreement to the SEC upon request. 
 
 Exhibits that describe or evidence management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as Exhibits to this Report. 
 
 + Filed herewith. 
 
 ++ Furnished herewith. 
 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 November 7, 2024 By: /s/ David R. Bailey David R. Bailey President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 7, 2024 By: 
 /s/ Fred L. Hite Fred L. Hite 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 41 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 kidsnon-employeedirector.htm
 EX-10.1

kidsnon-employeedirector 

Exhibit 10.10 ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY (Effective as of August 8, 2024) OrthoPediatrics Corp. (the Company believes that granting equity and cash compensation to its directors who are not employees of the Company Outside Directors represents a powerful tool to attract, retain and reward its Outside Directors and to align the interests of its Outside Directors with those of its shareholders. This Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (this Policy is intended to formalize the Company s policy regarding grants of equity and cash compensation to its Outside Directors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy will have the meanings given to such terms in the Company s 2024 Incentive Award Plan, or any successor plan(s) thereto (the Plan ). All amounts granted or paid pursuant to this Policy will be made under the terms of the Plan. 1. Equity Compensation. Each Outside Director who is serving on the Company s Board of Directors (the Board as of the adjournment of an annual meeting of the Company s shareholders will be automatically granted 90,000 worth of shares of Restricted Stock (an Annual Award on or about the date of such annual meeting of the Company s shareholders. One-third of the Annual Award will vest on the earlier of (i) each of the first, second and third anniversary dates of the grant and (ii) the date of the annual meeting of the Company s shareholders in each of the first, second and third years following the date of grant, as applicable, subject to the Outside Director s continued status as an Eligible Individual through the applicable vesting dates. The number of shares of Restricted Stock that will make up the Annual Award will be valued as follows: 90,000 divided by the closing price of the Company s stock on the date of such annual meeting as reported by Bloomberg, L.P. 2. Cash Compensation (a) Fees. The Company will pay each Outside Director a fee of 22,500 each quarter per year for their participation on the Board (each, a Quarterly Fee payable on or after the date of the regular quarterly Board meeting or, if none, at the end of the applicable calendar quarter, with the amount prorated in the event the individual did not serve on the Board for the full calendar quarter. (b) Chairperson Annual Fee. If an Outside Director is serving as the chairperson of the Board, the Compensation Committee or the Corporate Governance Committee (each a Chairperson ), then, in addition to the Quarterly Fees, the Company will pay to the Chairperson an additional annual fee of 5,000 for serving in such role (the Chairperson Fee ). If an Outside Director is serving as the chairperson of the Audit Committee Audit Chairperson ), then, in addition to the Quarterly Fees, the Company will pay to the Audit Chairperson an additional annual fee of 10,000 for serving in such role Audit Chairperson Fee ). The Chairperson Fee and Audit Chairperson Fee will be paid to the Chairperson and Audit Chairperson in four equal installments on a quarterly basis at the end of the applicable c a l e n d a r quarter provided the individual served as the relevant Chairperson or the Audit Chairperson during the full quarter, with the amount prorated in the event the individual did not serve as the relevant Chairperson or the Audit Chairperson for the full quarter. 3. Miscellaneous (a) Revisions. The Board, in its discretion, may change and otherwise revise the terms of this Policy, including, without limitation, the amount of equity or cash compensation to be paid to Outside Directors. 

Exhibit 10.10 (b) Section 409A. In no event shall cash compensation payable pursuant to this Policy be paid later than March 15 following the calendar year in which the compensation is earned, in compliance with the short-term deferral exception to Section 409A. This Policy is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the compensation to be provided hereunder shall be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so comply. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311-ceocertificatio.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David R. Bailey, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OrthoPediatrics Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s David R. Bailey David R. Bailey 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312-cfocertificatio.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Fred L. Hite, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OrthoPediatrics Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Fred L. Hite 
 Fred L. Hite 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321-ceocertificatio.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OrthoPediatrics Corp. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, David R. Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906 and is not being filed as part of the Report. 
 s David R. Bailey David R. Bailey 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322-cfocertificatio.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OrthoPediatrics Corp. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Fred L. Hite, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906 and is not being filed as part of the Report. 
 s Fred L. Hite 
 Fred L. Hite 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kids-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kids-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kids-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kids-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kids-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

