<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1848334_0001079973-24-001518.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2677002</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57614</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>651041</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>528538</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>626882</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>757937</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001518.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113190212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001518
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OKMIN RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001848334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				854401166
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56381
		FILM NUMBER:		241456258

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16501 VENTURA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-201-3727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16501 VENTURA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001518.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 okmin_10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 
 N/A 

As of November 13, 2024, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. 

FORM 10-Q 

For the period ended 

 September 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item 3. 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 17 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 19 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 19 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 20 

SIGNATURES 
 21 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such
as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, 
 estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are
not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this report. Additionally, statements
concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts
and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual
results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed
under the headings Risks Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K, in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations in this Form 10-Q, and information contained in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). You are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date of this report. 

We file
reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at
the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

We undertake
no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the
date of this report, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this quarterly report, which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Okmin Resources,
Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ii 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

September 30, 
 June 30 

2024 
 2024 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total current assets 

Oil and gas properties, net 

Black Rock Joint Venture 

Other assets and restricted cash 

Total noncurrent assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities related party 

Accrued interest payable current portion 

Note payable current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholder s equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

1 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months 
 Three Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Oil and gas sales 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expense 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest (expense) income 

(Loss) income before taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Total net loss 

Net income (loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

2 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders' 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity/ 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Shares issued for services 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Shares issued for services 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

3 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOW 

Three Months 
 Three Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operations: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Accrued Product Sale (O G) 

Deferred Expense 

Production revenue receivable 

Accounts receivable related party 

Accrued interest payable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Investment in Oil and Gas Properties 

Net cash from investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Note Payable 

Issuance of Common Stock 

Net cash (used) from financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

4 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 As of September 30, 2024 

. 

for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (year ended June 30, 2024 -) and an accumulated deficit of as of September 30, 2024 (June 30, 2024 - ). These factors, among others,
raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company had a working capital deficit of 
as at September 30, 2024 (as of June 30, 2024 deficit of and 
This amount does not include funding for any potential workovers, re-entries, stimulation treatments and recompletions of existing non
or low producing wells. Any new work on our properties will require additional capital. The Company anticipates receiving limited revenue
from oil and gas sales and intends to obtain the remaining capital through private sales of securities and/or debt financing. 

The Company s future success is dependent upon
its ability to achieve profitable operations, generate cash from operating activities and obtaining additional financing. If such additional
financing is not available on terms acceptable to us or at all, then we may need to curtail our operations and/or take additional measures
to conserve and manage our liquidity and capital resources, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations, and our ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

in the initial phase to acquire
working interests and commence rehabilitation work on a package of ten oil and gas leases located in Okmulgee and Muskogee Counties in
Oklahoma. Under the Operating Agreement, Blackrock is the operator of the project. Pursuant to a further agreement entered into on June
10, 2022, Okmin added an additional five oil and gas leases across 739 acres to the Joint Venture with Blackrock, thereby expanding the
overall project to fifteen leases covering over 1,500 acres. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, lease operating expenses including
taxes across the extended Joint Venture totaled . Our share of revenues attributable to the Joint Venture totaled . 

Pursuant to the foregoing Joint Venture Agreements, the Company has acquired
working interests in the following leases: 

50 Working Interest 

Chain
Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Burke
Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Preston
Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Goldner
Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Peavler
Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Anthony
Lease 70 Acres in Muskogee County 

Calley
Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

A bbey
Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Duffy
Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Shanks
Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Waldrip
Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Circle
V Lease 236 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Hessom
Lease 183 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Chastain
Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

25 Working Interest 

Hollingsworth
Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

There are no proven reserves of any classification in the Blackrock Joint
Venture leases. 

Vitt Project Kansas 

In July 2021, the Company through its wholly
owned Kansas subsidiary, Okmin Operations, LLC entered into an agreement to acquire a 
Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt Lease located in Neosho County, Kansas. Okmin Operations, LLC acquired the lease with a cash
payment of 
together with a commitment to make additional expenditures, initially of at least 
to rework the wells on the lease. The lease covers 160 acres and includes eleven existing oil and gas wells, of which two sit idle
requiring equipment and four water injection wells. As of September 30, 2024, aggregate additional expenditures beyond the purchase
totaled .
During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s expenditures at the Vitt Lease totaled ,
and the Company received Nil in revenues from the project. 

West Sheppard Pool Field in North East Oklahoma 

In August 2021, the Company
entered into an option agreement with Blackrock to acquire a joint venture interest in the West Sheppard Pool Field, a series of leases
totaling 1,930 acres located in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma. In November 2021, the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive
joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock at a cost of in cash. 

The 26 existing wells on
the leases range from 850 feet to 1,950 feet in depth with gas production from several zones as their main objective. During the year
ended June 30, 2024, gas sales continued to be suspended on the property due the failure of equipment owned by the gas pipeline company
at its compressor station. In order to replace the failed equipment, the gas pipeline company is requiring additional gas throughput to
justify the investment. As a result of this, in quarter ending September 30, 2024, the Company recorded no revenues from the project. 

During the second half of
calendar 2023, our partner and operator, Blackrock Energy, LLC agreed to a farmout agreement of its working interests in West Sheppard
Pool (with the exception of a 2 overriding royalty interest maintained by Blackrock). Blackrock s interests were transferred to
Sheppard Pool Operating, LLC (hereinafter referred to as SPO ), the owner of the adjacent East Sheppard Pool leases. SPO
also became the Operator of record on the project. This transaction does not change the Company s working interests in the project. 

The Company and SPO had already
previously entered into a gas gathering agreement in June 2023 in an effort to restore and ultimately improve gas flows into the gas transit
pipeline system. SPO has completed some work to upgrade the West Sheppard Pool leases, though to date gas sales have not resumed. In the
three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded expenditures at West Sheppard Pool of Nil . 

Pushmataha in South East Oklahoma 

In December 2021,
the Company exercised its option and entered into definitive agreements with Blackrock to acquire a joint venture interest in the
Pushmataha Gas Field, comprising 6 leases covering an area of 3,840 acres located in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma. In connection with the
acquisition, the Company expended in cash. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, lease operating expenditures
at Pushmataha were , and production revenues received were . 

compared to revenue of for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to the table
below of production and revenue for the period ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023 our cost of revenue, consisting of lease operating expenses and production and excise taxes was and respectively. 

- 

- 

- 

Pushmataha 

West Sheppard 

Vitt Lease 

Subject to the Company being able to secure adequate
additional financing, Okmin may also acquire the rights to and participate in drilling and/or other mining operations. The Company will
evaluate exploration and mining opportunities and other strategic corporate opportunities as they become available from time to time. 

There are no proven reserves of any classification in any of the projects
listed above. 

Subject to the Company being able to secure adequate
additional financing, Okmin may also acquire the rights to and participate in drilling and/or other mining operations. The Company will
evaluate exploration and mining opportunities and other strategic corporate opportunities as they become available from time to time. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As at September 30, 2024, the Company had a total
of shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. Jonathan
Herzog, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer owns all of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred
Stock upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation, ranks on a parity, in all respects, with all the Common Stock. 

Common stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares
of common stock with a par value of per share. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

On October 1, 2023, the Company established an Advisory
Board to include seasoned professionals and industry experts to assist in the development of the Company. On October 1, 2023, the Company
entered into an Advisory Board Member Agreement with Dr. John N. O Brien pursuant to which Dr. O Brien was appointed by the
Company as Senior Advisory Board Member to its Board of Advisors. In consideration of Dr. O Brien s appointment to the Company s
Board of Advisors, the Company agreed to issue Dr. O Brien an aggregate of restricted shares of its common stock (the Shares ),
subject to a vesting schedule. No Shares have been issued to Dr. O Brien as of September 30, 2024. 

Net loss attributable to common stock fully diluted 

The numerator for basic earnings per share is net
income attributable to common stockholders. The numerator for diluted earnings per share is net income available to common stockholders. 

The numerator for basic earnings per share is net
income attributable to common stockholders. The numerator for diluted earnings per share is net income available to common stockholders. 

at September 30, 2024 are available to offset future taxable income. 

as accrued liabilities related party. 

in financing. The
note has a annual interest rate, with repayments set initially at of a minimum of per month commencing as of May 2022 and
any open balance is convertible at the Investor s discretion into shares of the Company s common stock at 0.03 per share
with warrant coverage at the same price on the basis of one warrant per every three shares issued under the loan. As of September 30,
2024, the Company had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of payable on the convertible loan with repayments
revised in accordance with the lender at a minimum of 2,000 monthly. The principal amount of the loan is secured by a lien on the Vitt
Lease. In the related security agreement, the Company has agreed to remit the first in net revenue received from its interest
in the Pushmataha Gas Field toward the payment and performance of the note. 

On January 3, 2023, the convertible loan agreement
was amended to limit the Investor s ability to convert the loan to only that portion of the outstanding loan amount that would result
in the Investor being the beneficial owner of not more than 9.99 of the Company s class of common stock. In the quarter ended September
30, 2023, the Company, in agreement with the Investor, temporarily suspended monthly repayments. The loan continued to accrue interest
during this period. 

The Company has determined that the loan is accounted
for as a liability and not equity as repayment is being made in cash pursuant to the repayment schedule, and no conversion of any of the
principal or interest into common shares has been made. Management assessed there is no embedded derivative and therefore no need for
the bifurcation of proceeds at initial recognition. 

shares of common stock at per share in connection with consulting services for the Company s
filings preparation, compliance matters and business activities. Additionally, in connection with ongoing services, the Company issued
 at per share to Shmuel Naparstek, who has been a corporate consultant to the Company since 2021 and took up a position
to join the Board of Directors as of July 31, 2024. 

Outside of this, the Company has evaluated subsequent events
through the filing date of these financial statements and has disclosed that there are no such events that are material to the financial
statements to be disclosed. 

12 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information 

The following discussion and analysis of the results
of operations and financial condition of Okmin Resources, Inc., and its subsidiaries Okmin or the Company as of September 30, 2024 should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and the notes to those unaudited financial
statements that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us , we , our and similar terms refer to Okmin.
This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described
in forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or
strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from
acquisitions to be made by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The
words may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, 
 plan, intend, estimate, and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or
events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence
the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. 

Our actual results, performance
and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information,
future events or otherwise. 

U.S. Dollars are denoted herein by USD, 
 and dollars . 

Overview 

Okmin Resources, Inc. was organized in 2020 to engage
in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral rights and natural resource assets. 

As a development stage company, Okmin has been focused
on the acquisition and development of domestic oil and gas fields, investing in lower profile rework and recompletion opportunities with
lower entry costs. The Company's initial projects are located in Oklahoma and Kansas. 

The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries that
conduct oil and gas activities, Okmin Operations, LLC, incorporated on May 25, 2021 in the State of Kansas, and Okmin Energy LLC, incorporated
on November 21, 2021 in the State of Oklahoma. 

The Company has an interest in four separate projects: 

1) 
 The Blackrock Joint Venture encompassing 15 oil and gas leases in Oklahoma 

2) 
 A 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt oil lease located in Neosho County, Kansas 

3) 
 A 50 joint venture interest in West Sheppard Pool, a natural gas project in North East Oklahoma 

4) 
 A 50 joint venture interest in Pushmataha, a natural gas project in South East Oklahoma. 

The Company has not conducted any reserve evaluations
or calculations, and there are currently no proven reserves on any of the Company s properties. 

Blackrock Joint Venture 

Okmin entered into a Joint Venture Agreement and Operating
Agreement in February 2021, committing 100,000 in the initial phase to acquire working interests in ten oil and gas leases located in
Okmulgee and Muskogee Counties in Oklahoma. Under the Operating Agreement, Okmin has a 50 Working Interest in 710 acres and a 25 
interest in 80 acres. The Company s Joint Venture partner, Blackrock Energy LLC Blackrock ), is the operator of the
project. Pursuant to a further agreement entered into on June 10, 2022, the Company added an additional five oil and gas leases across
739 acres to its Joint Venture with Blackrock, thereby expanding the overall project to fifteen leases covering over 1,500 acres. In the
three months ended September 30, 2024, lease operating expenses including taxes recorded across the extended Joint Venture totaled 5,334
and our share of the Joint Venture recorded revenues of 4,808 from oil and gas sales, predominantly oil, compared with 14,556 in revenues
for the corresponding three months ended September 30, 2023. 

13 

Vitt Lease 

The Company through its wholly owned Kansas subsidiary,
Okmin Operations, LLC entered into an agreement in July 2021 to acquire a 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt Lease located in Neosho
County, Kansas. Okmin Operations, LLC acquired the lease with a cash payment of 25,000 together with a commitment to make additional
capital and operating expenditures to rework the wells on the lease. The lease covers 160 acres and after initial reworking now includes
nine oil wells, two idle wells and four water injection wells. At present the wells are not pumping, as they require additional maintenance
work. As of the fiscal year ending on June 30, 2024, aggregate additional expenditures beyond the purchase totaled approximately 108,000.
During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not conduct any work on the Vitt lease, so expenditures totaled 250.
For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received no revenue from the project compared to revenues for the three months
ending September 30, 2023 of 1,972. 

The Vitt Lease has now become a small nominal lease
able to produce oil, though not on a consistent basis as we continue to encounter various maintenance issues that have to be addressed.
The Company continues to explore a number of possibilities for the Vitt Lease, which may include involving a partner in its further development. 

West Sheppard Pool 

In August 2021, the Company entered into an option
agreement with Blackrock to acquire a 50 joint venture interest in the West Sheppard Pool Field, a series of leases totaling 1,930 acres
located in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma. In November 2021, the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and
operating agreement with Blackrock at a cost of 150,000 in cash. 

The 26 existing wells on the leases range from 850
feet to 1,950 feet in depth with gas production from several zones as their main objective. 

During the second half of calendar 2023, our partner
and operator, Blackrock Energy, LLC agreed to a farmout agreement of its working interests in West Sheppard Pool (with the exception of
a 2 overriding royalty interest maintained by Blackrock). Blackrock s interests were transferred to Sheppard Pool Operating, LLC
(hereinafter referred to as SPO ), the owner of the adjacent East Sheppard Pool leases. SPO also became the Operator of record
on the project. This transaction does not change our working interests in the project. 

The Company and SPO had previously
entered into a gas gathering agreement in June 2023 in an effort to restore and ultimately improve gas flows into the gas transit pipeline
system. During the year ended June 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2024, we received no revenue from the property as
gas sales continued to be suspended due to further required pipeline work and the failure of equipment owned by the gas pipeline company
at its compressor station. In order to replace the failed equipment, the gas pipeline company is requiring additional gas throughput to
justify the investment. SPO has been working to upgrade the gas gathering system on the property, including replacing older gas gathering
lines with new modern lines. The older lines were discovered to contain numerous leaks which likely contributed to a lack of throughput
to the compressor station. 

Prior to the suspension of activities following a
compressor outage, only 6 of the 26 wells on the property were selling into the pipeline. Subsequently an additional 4 wells were connected
in late 2022, so in total there are now 10 of the 26 wells at West Sheppard Pool connected to the gas gathering system. Many of those
wells would likely benefit from workovers to increase their production potential, and six wells were identified by the operator for reentry
to perforate and fracture new zones for both oil and gas. The property also has the potential for infill drilling for new wells within
the property. Any work is dependent upon obtaining additional capital, which could include adding an additional partner to fund this work
program. 

Pushmataha 

In December 2021,
the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock to acquire 50 of
Blackrock s interest in the Pushmataha Gas Field, comprising 6 leases covering an area of 3,840 acres located in Pushmataha County,
Oklahoma. Blackrock had previously entered into a separate option to acquire working interests ranging from 92 -100 in the existing wells
and lease acreage from a third party. In connection with the initial acquisition, the Company expended approximately 253,000 in
cash. Under the terms of the Joint Venture agreement, after deducting operating costs including a flat sum of 1,000 per month to Blackrock
as operator, the Company shall receive all net income from revenues of the project until it has recouped 125,000, thereafter, the parties
shall equally split the income. 

The Company
has a 50 ownership interest in the Joint Venture with Blackrock. The leases owned by the Joint Venture are subject to landowner royalties
and other commitments resulting in net revenue interests to the joint venture of between 71 - 76 , with the exception of the Stephenson
well, which has a net revenue interest of approximately 68 . 

14 

Pushmataha has seven existing
gas wells ranging in depth from 10,000 - 12,300 feet. The wells were inactive since 2019 due to line leaks and lower gas prices, though
in April 2021 some wells were put back online and have at various intervals produced between 100 - 300 thousand cubic feet per
day (MCFD). 

The existing seven wells
show additional behind-pipe zones and the joint venture partners assessed recompleting a new zone in one of the wells called the KDC.
The operator had a rig out on site at KDC in late January 2023 and commenced some work on the well and were planning to conduct a recompletion,
though weather conditions made it too dangerous to proceed. Plans were also underway for the operator to commence repairing
or possibly replacing the plunger lift systems of some of the wells, with the goal of dewatering the wells to enable the gas to flow freely.
The joint venture partners have temporarily deferred pursuing this active rework activity during the current downturn in natural gas pricing
or until additional capital is available. 

A hydrocarbon survey was
conducted in July 2022 across these leases utilizing a third party patented remote sensing technology. The survey has provided the operator
with valuable data in charting the potential for the future development of this project. There is also space to drill new gas wells on
the 3,840-acre leasehold, using the hydrocarbon mapping as a tool to locate the optimal drilling locations in these reservoirs. 

In the three months ended September 30,
2024, the Company s lease operating expenditures on the project were 3,538 with additional gas fees, transportation and taxes
aggregating 717. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recorded 1,242 in revenues from the project compared to
revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 6,149. 

The operator believes with additional
capital expenditures for reworking and recompletion efforts it can further optimize the production potential of this field. The application
of newer technologies could also have an important impact on the economics for this asset. 

----------------------------------------------- 

Management is actively evaluating various new strategic
investment and acquisition opportunities in the resources sector, including opportunities to potentially broaden our activities beyond
the development of conventional oil and gas projects. 

No agreements to acquire new assets or interests have
been reached, and any future agreements would be subject to the Company being able to secure adequate additional financing. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three months ended
September 30, 2024, as compared to the Three months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

 We generated 5,991 in
revenue from oil and gas sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 22,677 in revenues generated in the three
months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in revenue is predominantly attributable to lower natural gas prices. These lower prices
not only reduced the sales price we received for each MCF sold, but also led to the curtailment of operations on certain of our properties
until prices improve which resulted in a decrease of our production volumes. We also received 507 in interest income from our cash balances
for three months ended September 30, 2024. 

General
and Administrative Expense 

 General
and administrative expenses decreased to 59,379 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 104,928 for the three months
ended September 30, 2024. This decrease is attributable to a decrease in legal and professional fees and the Company s curtailment
of some operations. Expenses related to compensation, interest, rent, accounting and professional fees and other general and administrative
expenses necessary for our operations. 

Net Loss 

 The net loss for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was 67,785 compared to a net loss of 111,835 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The expenses
during the three month period ended September 30, 2024, included: 9,717 in lease operating expenses (including taxes and royalties),
 40,500 in deferred and unpaid compensation, 4,320 in interest expense and financing costs, 8,400 in compliance listing related fees,
 9,599 in accounting and professional fees and other general and administrative expenses necessary for our operations. Expenses during
the comparative three month period ended September 30, 2023, including lease operating expenses, were higher and included: 33,485 in
lease operating expenses (including taxes and royalties), 40,500 in compensation, a non-cash amount of 25,300 in connection with the
services of outside consultants with stock issued in lieu of services, 4,278 in interest expense, legal and professional fees and other
general and administrative expenses necessary for our operations. 

Net cash (used)
from financing 

 Net cash used in financing
activities in the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 6,000 which was entirely for repayment of debt. Net cash from financing
activities in the corresponding period ended September 30, 2023 totaled 108,325, which was predominantly comprised of stock issued in
lieu of services during the period 

15 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Current Financial Condition 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had total assets of 366,615, comprised primarily of cash and cash equivalents of 73,602, oil and gas properties 292,877 and prepaid
expenses of 136. As at March 31, 2024, we had total liabilities of 600,938, primarily comprised of convertible debt and related interest
payable of 202,506, accounts payable of 36,480 and accrued liabilities of 317,250 which is predominantly deferred compensation expense
as the CEO is currently deferring salary in an effort to conserve cash. 

Our business plan calls
for substantial capital resource requirements and we have incurred significant losses since inception. The Company had a net loss of
 67,785 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and an accumulated deficit of 1,776,303 as of September 30, 2024. The Company
had a working capital deficit of 527,336 as at September 30, 2024. For the 2025 fiscal year we anticipate cash needs of approximately
 300,000 for general corporate overhead and for operations on our existing lease properties. This amount does not include funding for
any potential workovers, re-entries, stimulation treatments and recompletions of existing non or low producing wells. Any new work on
our properties will require additional capital. A portion of the required cash will be obtained from oil and gas sales. The Company plans
to obtain the remainder of the required capital through private sales of securities or debt financing. 

To date, we have funded
our operations primarily through the issuance of equity and/or convertible securities for cash. We depend upon debt and/or equity financing
and revenues to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our current business plan. In the current 2024 fiscal year, such capital
requirements will be in excess of what we have in available cash for planned ongoing activities. 

We will be required to obtain alternative or additional
financing from financial institutions, investors or otherwise, in order to maintain and expand our existing operations. The failure by
us to obtain such financing would have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations, and
adversely affecting our ability to complete ongoing activities. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Preparation of financial statements requires management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingencies. Management bases its estimates on
various assumptions and historical experience, which are believed to be reasonable; however, due to the inherent nature of estimates,
actual results may differ significantly due to changed conditions or assumptions. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting
policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are fairly presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions
and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe any recently issued but
not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s present or future financial
statements. 

Going Concern Qualification 

The Company s financial statements have been
prepared on a go ing concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the accompanying
condensed financial statements, the Company had a net loss of 67,785 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and an accumulated
deficit of 1,776,303 as of September 30, 2024. These factors, among others, raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The Company had a working
capital deficit of 527,336 as at September 30, 2024 and for the 2025 fiscal year we anticipate cash needs of approximately 300,000
for general corporate overhead and for operations on our existing lease properties. This amount does not include funding for any potential
workovers, re-entries, stimulation treatments and recompletions of existing non or low producing wells. Any new work on our properties
will require additional capital. A portion of the required cash will be obtained from oil and gas sales. The Company plans to obtain
the remainder of the required capital through private sales of securities or debt financing. 

The Company s future success is dependent upon
its ability to achieve profitable operations, generate cash from operating activities and obtaining additional financing. If such additional
financing is not available on terms acceptable to us or at all, then we may need to curtail our operations and/or take additional measures
to conserve and manage our liquidity and capital resources, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations, and our ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

16 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Inflation 

The effect of inflation on
our revenue and operating results was not significant. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act that are designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of disclosure
controls and procedures in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

At the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report, we conducted an evaluation (the Evaluation ), under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the disclosure controls
and procedures of our Company were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports was
recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting
described below. 

Material Weaknesses and Corrective Actions 

In connection with the audits of our financial statements
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we identified certain deficiencies relating to our internal control over financial
reporting that constitute a material weakness under standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ).
The PCAOB defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control
does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements
on a timely basis. 

The following material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting continued to exist at September 30, 2024: 

We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our limited size and early-stage nature of operations, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible; however, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals; 

We lack an audit committee of our board of directors; and 

We have insufficient monitoring and review of controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge of U.S. GAAP. 

We believe that these material weaknesses primarily
relate, in part, to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in U.S. GAAP and SEC rules and regulations with respect to
financial reporting functions, and the lack of robust accounting systems, as well as the lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff
and implement these accounting systems. 

17 

Subject to raising sufficient additional capital,
we plan to take a number of actions in the future to correct these material weaknesses including adding experienced accounting and financial
personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and recommend improvements. We will need to take additional
measures to fully mitigate these issues, and the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls may not
be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified, (2) ensure that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified
material weakness or other material weaknesses will not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements.
In addition, other material weaknesses may be identified in the future. If we are unable to correct deficiencies in internal controls
in a timely manner, our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC will be adversely affected. This failure could negatively affect the market price and trading
liquidity of our common stock, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal
investigations and penalties, and generally materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and
Procedures 

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that
management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes (including corrective actions
with regard to material weakness) in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may be subject to ordinary routine
litigation incidental to our normal business operations. We are not currently a party to any litigation the outcome of which, if determined
adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, cash flows or financial condition. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Risk factors describing the
major risks to our business can be found under Item 1A, Risk Factors , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
June 30, 2024. There has been no material change in our risk factors from those previously discussed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the three month period ended September
30, 2024, the Company did not issue any securities. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director
or officer of the Company or a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of the
Company intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) and/or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

19 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14a or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, is formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Filed herewith. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 
 /s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog, 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive
Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14a or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

I, Jonathan Herzog, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-Q of Okmin Resources Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification
of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of Okmin Resources Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Herzog, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 /s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 okmin-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 okmin-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 okmin-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 okmin-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

