<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1813603_0001829126-24-007279.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2463790</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>65078</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>573636</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>533861</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>542851</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>684833</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-24-007279.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104172549
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-24-007279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hestia Insight Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001813603
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				850994055
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56249
		FILM NUMBER:		241424824

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 S. 4TH STREET SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		929-329-4756

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 S. 4TH STREET SUITE 500
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-24-007279.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 hestialnsightinc_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
 be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
 for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
 (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive
 Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
 for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
 filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
 See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
 company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected
 not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
 accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 
 (Title of class) 
 
 As of October 21, 2024, 
 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

HESTIA INSIGHT INC. 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 August 31, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and November 30, 2023 
 
 1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine months ended August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Nine months ended August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine months ended August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Item 2. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 11 

Item 3. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 20 

Item 4. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 20 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 21 

Item 2. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 21 

Item 3. 
 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 
 21 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 

Item 5. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 21 

Item 6. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 22 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, 
 intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations
 of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not deemed
 to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted
 in this report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking
 statements. 
 
 Although forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment
 of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently
 known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
 and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results
 and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors
 that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include,
 without limitation, those specifically addressed under the headings Risks Factors 
 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our
 annual report on Form 10-K, in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this
 Form 10-Q and information contained in other reports that we file with the SEC. You are
 urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
 only as of the date of this report. 
 
 We file reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains
 reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers
 that file electronically with the SEC, including us. You can also read and copy any
 materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain
 additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
 the SEC at 1-800-SEC-033. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order
 to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report,
 except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the
 various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this quarterly report, which are
 designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, us or the Company 
 refer to Hestia Insight Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 HESTIA INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and November 30, 2023 (Audited) 

August 31, 
2024 
 November 30, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments in equities 

Accounts Receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

FIXED ASSETS: 

Vending machines; net of accumulated depreciation of and as of August 31, 2024, and November 30, 2023, respectively. 

Charger Go-Go machines 
 
 - 
 
 Total fixed assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

- 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Related Party Note Payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES: 

- 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2024, and November 30, 2023, respectively. 

Cancelled Shares, and shares as of August 31, 2024, and November 30, 2023, respectively [Note 7 and Note 8]. 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings/(Accumulated deficits) 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial
 statements. 

1 

HESTIA INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the three and nine months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

For the 
Three Months Ended 
August 31, 
 For the 
Nine Months Ended 
August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 REVENUE: 

Consulting revenue 

Total revenue 

COST OF REVENUE: 

Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSE: 

Bad debt expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Total operating expense 

OPERATING INCOME/(LOSS) 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE): 

Interest dividend income 

Gain/(Loss) on Sale of Capital Assets 
 - 
 
 - 

Change in fair value of equity securities 

() 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income/(expense) 

INCOME/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXES 

Provision for federal income tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Utilization of net operating loss carryforward 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NET INCOME/(LOSS) 

Basic net income/(loss) per common share 

Diluted net income/(loss) per common share 

Ave. common shares outstanding Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial
 statements. 

2 

HESTIA INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 
 For the nine months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Common Stock par value 0.001 
 Cancelled Shares 
 Additional Paid In 
 Retained Earnings/ 
(Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Equity 
 
 Balance November 30, 2022 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at February 28, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at May 31, 2023 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance August 31, 2023 

Balance November 30, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at February 29, 2024 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at May 31, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance August 31, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3 

HESTIA INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income/(Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to operating cash flows: 

Realized loss on sale of capital assets 
 - 

Equity securities received for consulting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss (gain) on investment equities 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation expense 

Bad Debt Expense 
 - 

Changes in operating asset and liability account balances: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Dividend income and interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds (used in) purchase of vending machines 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of capital assets 
 - 

Proceeds from (used in) purchase of investment equities 
 - 

Proceeds provided by investment equities 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds provided by related party loan 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 - 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH END OF PERIOD 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial
 statements. 

4 

HESTIA INSIGHT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 August 31, 2024 

and for the three months ended August 31, 2024, and the year ended November 30, 2023, respectively. 

For those investments in equities, including
equity securities and partnership interests, that do not have a readily determinable fair value, as defined in ASC 321,
we present and carry our investments using the measurement alternative which is cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes
resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions, as defined in ASC 321, for the identical or a similar
investment of the same issuer. 

- 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Totals 

- 

note payable to ECL Capital Partners Corp, a related party. The loan is to be repaid in full on , with interest payable on the unpaid principal at the rate of percent
 per annum. 
 
 During the nine months ended May 31, 2024
 an additional loan of .91
 from Mr. Edward C. Lee was received as a short-term loan, bearing no interest. For the year ended November 30, 2023, the Company had 
 related party transactions. 

On August 25, 2024, the Company entered into
a note payable to ECL Capital Partners Corp, a related party. The loan is to be repaid in full on August 24, 2025, with interest
payable on the unpaid principal at the rate of percent per annum. 
 
 notes or lines of credit receivable. 

common stock. 

shares of preferred stock, par
 value per share (the Preferred Stock ). As of August 31, 2024, and November 30, 2023, shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 
 On November 21, 2019, Hestia Investments
 Inc. returned to the Company for cancellation its 
 shares of Preferred Stock and, accordingly, the Company cancelled the remaining outstanding 10,000,000 shares of Preferred
 Stock. 

shares of the common stock of the Company, exercisable for five years at an exercise
price of per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in equal amounts over a period of one year at the rate of shares
per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in June 2024, and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee serves on the
Board during the fiscal quarter. 

On June 25, 2024, the Company issued Eugene Cha,
Director, a stock option to acquire an aggregate of 
 shares of the common stock of the Company, exercisable for five years at an exercise price of 
 per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in equal amounts over a period of one year at the rate of 
 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in June 2024, and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee
serves on the Board during the fiscal quarter. 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of stock
options it granted to utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The volatility component of the calculation is based on the historic
volatility of the Company s stock. The expected life assumption is primarily based on historical exercise patterns and employee
post-vesting termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant. The stock price is considered based on the closing price of the Company s common stock as
of the grant date. 

The Company recognizes compensation costs for
those shares expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. During the nine months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized 60,000 and -0- in stock based
compensation related to the vesting of issued stock options. The fair values of option awards
granted during the nine months ended August 31, 2024, were estimated using a Black-Sholes option pricing model under the following assumptions: 

Volatility 

Stock price 

Exercise price 

Term (years) 

Determining the assumptions for the expected term
and volatility requires management to exercise significant judgment. The expected term represents the weighted-average period that options
granted are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules. Since the Company does not have an
extended history of actual exercises, the Company has estimated the expected term using a simplified method which calculates the expected
term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the awards. Given the limited public market for the Company s
stock, the Company has elected to estimate its expected volatility by benchmarking its volatility to that of several public company issuers
that operate within its market segment. The guideline companies volatility was increased by a size adjustment premium to compensate
for the difference in size between the guideline companies and the Company in its calculation. 

The status of the options issued under the foregoing
option plans as August 31, 2023, and changes during the years then ended were as follows: 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 

Expired 
 - 

Forfeited 
 - 

Granted 

- 
 
 Outstanding as of August 31, 2024 

- 

10 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the results
of operations and financial condition of Hestia Insight Inc. for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023,
should be read in conjunction with the Hestia Insight Inc. unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors,
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in our Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on March 14, 2024. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, 
 continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, 
 will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. 

Unless otherwise indicated, references to the Company, us or we refer to Hestia
 Insight Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Hestia Insight Inc. Hestia , Hestia Insight , or the Company was incorporated
 in the State of Nevada on November 19, 2003, under the name Luxshmi Investments, Inc. Luxshmi Investments ), until the
 Company changed its name to Hestia Insight Inc. on March 27, 2019. On March 12, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
 authorizing 300,000,000 shares of capital stock, comprised of 290,000,000 shares of
 common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares
 of preferred stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). On March 27, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
 (i) effecting a name change from Luxshmi Investments, Inc. to Hestia Insight Inc.,
 and (ii) effecting a 50-to-1 reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse
 Stock Split did not impact the Company s authorized shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or its par value. On May 16, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Hestia Investments
 Inc., a Wyoming corporation Hestia Investments ), to exchange, on a 1-for-1 basis,
 27,614,200 shares of the Company s Common Stock in exchange for 27,614,200 shares of Hestia Investments which were
 owned by 100 of the then-shareholders of Hestia Investments (the Share Exchange
 Transaction ). As a result of the Share Exchange Transaction, Hestia Investments became
 a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 The Company is focused primarily on the healthcare and biotech sectors through the
 Company s two wholly owned operating subsidiaries, Hestia Investments Inc. Hestia Investments ),
 and HSTA HEALTH INC., d/b/a Hestia Vending Hestia Vending ). Hestia Investments
 provides strategic consulting, medical supply sales and marketing support, management,
 and capital markets advisory services for select micro, small and medium sized companies
 within the healthcare and biotech sectors. Hestia Vending operates within the healthy
 food, beverage and wellness products industry and the smart vending machine industry.
 The Company is positioned to make strategic acquisitions of emerging growth companies
 with unique sciences and technologies. The Company intends to pursue the acquisition
 and development of healthcare related technologies in the healthcare and biotech sectors
 through acquisition, licensing, or joint ventures. The Company will also consider
 a third avenue of investing in certain technologies. The Company entered the healthcare
 sector to explore emerging healthcare technologies, especially growth companies that
 own and develop unique sciences and technologies. 
 
 Our Markets and Services 
 
 The Company s wholly owned operating subsidiary, Hestia Investments, provides strategic consulting,
 medical supply sales support, management, and capital market advisory services for
 select micro, small and medium sized companies in the healthcare and biotech sectors. 

11 

The Company s wholly owned operating subsidiary, Hestia Vending, operates within the healthy food,
 beverage and wellness products industry and the smart vending machine industry. On
 July 11, 2022, Hestia Vending entered into a Vending Purchase Agreement with HealthyYOU
 Vending LLC HealthyYou pursuant to which the Company purchased from HealthyYou
 ten (10) fully-automated vending machines and related equipment (the Vending Machines for an aggregate purchase price of 98,745.00, in connection with the Company s vending pilot program. On August 28, 2023 the Company sold eight (8) Vending Machines for 19,000. The technologically
 advanced, unattended Vending Machines dispense healthy food and wellness products
 to paying customers at the point of sale, accepting cash, coin, credit or debit cards,
 and payments by smartphones, watches and other devices. The Company s goal is to create a technology-driven health and wellness vending business division
 through its purchase and operation of the Vending Machines. In addition, on September 24, 2022, Hestia Vending entered into a strategic partnership with ChargerGoGo, Inc.
 ChargerGoGo ), a Las Vegas-based company which operates one of the largest portable
 phone charging networks in the US. Hestia Vending plans to introduce ChargerGoGo smart
 phone charging station and power bank kiosks in densely populated locations and venues
 for smart phone charging convenience. ChargerGoGo smart phone charging stations and
 power banks allow users to obtain a portable battery from any ChargerGOGO kiosk, charge
 their smart phones, and avoid missing an important event or meeting. ChargerGoGo portable
 batteries are then returned by users to any nearby ChargerGOGO kiosk. 
 
 The Company is positioned to make strategic acquisitions of and enter joint ventures
 with emerging growth companies with unique sciences and technologies. The Company
 also provides sales and marketing guidance and services and capital markets advisory
 services to its clients. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We seek to develop new business through relationships driven by our senior management,
 which have extensive contacts throughout the healthcare system. Our senior management
 is seeking opportunities for joint ventures, strategic relationships and acquisitions
 in the healthcare and biotech sectors. 
 
 Business Model 
 
 The Company intends to pursue the acquisition and development of healthcare related
 technologies in the healthcare and biotech sectors through acquisition, licensing
 or joint ventures. We will also consider a third avenue of investing in certain technologies.
 The Company entered the healthcare sector to explore emerging healthcare technologies,
 especially growth companies that own and develop unique sciences and technologies. 
 
 Competitive Advantages 
 
 The Company focuses on small and micro-cap companies in the healthcare and biotech
 sectors with limited access to growth capital. We provide specialized consulting services
 to assist companies with their operations in the public markets. Our management team
 is experienced in risk management and exit planning. The Company s competitive advantages include a global business network of healthcare, investment
 and financial professionals who are integrated into the technology licensing and commercialization
 departments of universities and institutions. Through our offered services and access
 to investment, we intend to accelerate the development and commercialization of the
 healthcare businesses that we engage with. 
 
 Strategic Relationships 
 
 Noether Sciences and Technologies, Inc. On November 18, 2020, the Company entered into a non-binding Supplemental Agreement of Memorandum
 of Understanding (the Noether MOU with Noether Science and Technologies, Inc. NSAT pursuant to which the parties will seek to enter into a definitive agreement to (i)
 establish an exclusive partnership that will focus on research and treatment of neurological
 and psychiatric disorders, (ii) commercialize existing NSAT technologies for the healthcare
 market, (iii) provide the Company with an exclusive license to use and develop the
 existing and ready to use depression and anxiety therapy protocols in the United States,
 and (iv) establish a neurotherapy center in the metropolitan New York City area and
 another 3-4 clinics in other strategic areas yet to be determined. 

12 

Immudyne Nutritional. On June 21, 2020, the Company entered into a sales agency agreement with Immudyne Nutritional
 LLC Immudyne ), pursuant to which the Company acts as sales agent for certain of
 Immudyne s medical products. Immudyne is located in Jacksonville, Florida. 
 
 We are in negotiation in our areas of focus with respect to potential acquisitions
 and strategic partnerships. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully
 sign a definitive agreement, close or implement such business arrangement. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company owns no patents. We have not applied for or received patent protection
 in the US or any other country, and, as a result, there is a distinct risk that we
 will not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights in these countries.
 We own and control a variety of trade secrets, confidential information, trademarks,
 and other intellectual property rights that, in the aggregate, are of material importance
 to our business. We consider our trademarks, service marks, and other intellectual
 property to be proprietary, and rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade
 secret, non-disclosure, and contractual safeguards to protect our intellectual property
 rights. 
 
 Competition 
 
 In our current consulting business, we compete with a number of advisory firms offering
 similar service including consulting and strategy firms; market research, data, benchmarking,
 and forecasting providers; technology vendors and services firms; health care information
 technology firms; technology advisory firms; outsourcing firms; and specialized providers
 of advisory services. Other organizations, such as state and national trade associations,
 group purchasing organizations, non-profit think-tanks, and database companies, also
 may offer research, consulting, tools, and advisory services to health care organizations. 
 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market include quality and
 timeliness of our services, strength and depth of relationships with our clients,
 ability to meet the changing needs of current and prospective clients, measurable
 returns on customer investment, and service and affordability. 
 
 As our business develops and we expand through joint ventures, acquisitions and strategic
 partnerships in the U.S., we will have competition with other direct service providers,
 emerging technologies and medical communication platforms. The Company will seek to
 maintain a competitive advantage through intellectual property, superior quality management
 and cutting-edge technology. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The health care industry in the U.S. is highly regulated and subject to changing political,
 legislative, regulatory, and other influences. Further, the healthcare industry is
 currently undergoing rapid change. We are uncertain how, when or in what context these
 new changes will be adopted or implemented. These new regulations could create unexpected
 liabilities for us, could cause us or our members to incur additional costs and could
 restrict our or our clients operations. Many of the laws are complex and their application to us, our clients,
 or the specific services and relationships we have are not always clear. Our failure
 to anticipate accurately the application of these laws and regulations, or our other
 failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity, and
 otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 
 Employees 
 
 The Company has three employees. We otherwise rely on the services of independent
 contractors. 
 
 Our Offices 
 
 Our principal executive office is located at 400 S. 4th Street, Suite 500, Las Vegas,
 NV 89101. 

13 

Our Website 
 
 www.HestiaInsight.com 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our
 normal business operations. We are not currently a party to, and our property is not
 subject to, any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Reports to Security Holders 
 
 We intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements
 audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and to make available
 quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first
 three quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements.
 We may also file additional documents with the SEC if they become necessary in the
 course of our company s operations. 
 
 Going Concern 

We have a limited operating history, and our continued
growth is dependent upon the continuation of providing medical consulting services to our clients, generating revenue, and obtaining additional
financing to fund future obligations, and pay liabilities arising from normal business operations. We had accumulated deficit of 43,425
at August 31, 2024. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended November 30,
2023, contained an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern based upon cash used in operating activities
and the current cash balance cannot be projected to cover the operating expenses for the next twelve months from the release date of this
report. These factors, among others, raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements
appearing elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no
assurances we will be successful in our efforts to generate significant revenues or report profitable operations or to continue as a going
concern, in which event investors would lose their entire investment in our company. The financial statements contained herein do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to carry
 out our business plan, achieve profitable operations, obtain additional working capital
 funds from our significant shareholders, and or through debt and equity financing.
 However, there can be no assurance that any additional financing will be available
 to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if any. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are
 based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
 of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
 that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
 related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually evaluate our
 estimates, including those related to bad debts, recovery of long-lived assets, income
 taxes and the valuation of equity transactions. 
 
 We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
 we believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
 basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
 are not readily apparent from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates
 and assumptions could cause a material change to our reported amounts of revenues,
 expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
 different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting
 policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
 of the consolidated financial statements. 

14 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
 occurred or products have been sold, the purchase price is fixed or determinable and
 collectability is reasonably assured. 
 
 We provide medical related consulting services to our clients. We are paid fees for
 our services by our clients under written consulting agreements. Each contract calls
 for a fixed payment for a fixed period of time. We recognize revenue by providing
 medical related consulting services under written service contracts with our customers.
 Revenue related to our service offerings is recognized as the services are performed
 and amounts are earned, using the straight-line method over the term of the related
 services agreement. Prepayments, if any, received from customers prior to the services
 being performed are recorded as advance from customers. In these cases, when the services
 are performed, the amount recorded as advance from customers is recognized as revenue. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We are governed by the income tax laws of the United States. Income taxes are accounted
 for pursuant to ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes, which is an asset and liability
 approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for
 the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial
 statements or tax returns. The charge for taxes is based on the results for the period
 as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using
 tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. 
 
 Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method in respect
 of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets
 and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in
 the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are
 recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are recognized
 to the extent that it is probably that taxable profit will be available against which
 deductible temporary differences can be utilized. 
 
 Deferred tax is calculated using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
 when the asset is realized, or the liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged or
 credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged
 directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is changed to equity. Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the
 same taxation authority, and we intend to settle its current tax assets and liabilities
 on a net basis. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 Stock-based compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the Share-Based
 Payment topic of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 which requires recognition
 in the financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received
 in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee or director
 is required to perform the services in exchange for the award. The Accounting Standards
 Codification also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services
 received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 
 
 Pursuant to ASC Topic 505-50, for share-based payments to consultants and other third-parties,
 compensation expense is determined at the measurement date. The expense is recognized
 over the period of services or the vesting period, whichever is applicable. Until
 the measurement date is reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains
 uncertain. We record compensation expenses based on the fair value of the award at
 the reporting date. The awards to consultants and other third parties are then revalued,
 or the total compensation is recalculated based on the then current fair value, at
 each subsequent reporting date. 

15 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards
 Update ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain
 Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This ASU addresses the classification of certain
 specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement
 of certain debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business
 combination, proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions
 received from equity method investees. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.
 An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same
 period. We are currently evaluating the impact it may have on our consolidated financial
 statements. 
 
 Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require
 adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated
 financial statements upon adoption. We do not discuss recent pronouncements that are
 not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to our consolidated financial
 condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Nine
Months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023 

Revenue 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, total
revenues amounted to 1,312,930, all of which consisted of consulting revenue. For the nine months ended August 31, 2023, revenue was
 75,500, all of which consisted of consulting revenue. The limited amount of revenue was due to our current emphasis on planning and
preparation for our future revenue. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue includes the cost of internal labor
and related benefits, travel expenses related to consulting services, subcontractor costs, other related consulting costs, and other
overhead costs. These costs are recorded as operating expenses. For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, there
were no costs of revenue. 

Operating Expenses 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, operating
expenses were 246,557 representing a decrease of 73,245 over the operating expenses of 319,802 for the nine months ended August 31,
2023. This decrease in operating expenses was mainly driven by a decrease in professional fees related to becoming and being a public
company plus our current emphasis on reducing costs. 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and
August 31, 2023, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

For the 
Nine months ended 
August 31, 
2024 
 For the 
Nine months ended 
August 31, 
2023 
 
 Selling expenses 
 62,911 
 13,705 
 
 Professional fees 
 123,629 
 190,036 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 60,017 
 116,061 

246,557 
 319,802 

16 

Our
 selling expenses mainly include our marketing and sales staff s salaries and related benefits, plus travel and entertainment
 costs incurred by our sales department. Selling expenses totaled 62,911 for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and 13,705 for
 the nine months ended August 31, 2023. Selling expense as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, is 17 
 and for the nine months ended May 31, 2023, the percentage is 18 . 

Professional
 fees primarily consisted of accounting fees, legal service fees, consulting fees, investor relations service charges, OTC markets
 application and listing fees and other fees incurred for services related to becoming and being a public company. 

For
 the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, professional fees amounted to 123,629 and 190,036, respectively, a
 decrease of 66,407 or 34.94 . The decrease was largely attributable to a decrease of 60,000 in audit fees; a decrease of 18,614
 in expenses to our contractors in China and a decrease of 40,750 for other contractors fees; and a decrease in OTC fees 4,405,
 a decrease in professional fees to John Kepley 24,000, and other fees among others. The decreases were offset by an increase of
 22,505.00 in legal fees among others. We expect professional fees to be significant as we incur significant costs associated with
 our public company reporting requirements, and costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including
 requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Other
 general and administrative expenses mainly consisted of wages and payroll taxes of our employees, compensation to our officers and
 board members, automobile expenses, office supplies, rent, bank service charges, depreciation, and other miscellaneous items. Other
 general and administrative expenses totaled 60,017 for the nine months ended August 31, 2024 as compared to 116,061 for the nine
 months ended August 31, 2023, resulting in a decrease of 56,044. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of 14,114
 in office supplies and software; a decrease in travel 7,503; a decrease in depreciation 9,609; a decrease of 1,572 in auto lease
 and related expenses; a decrease of 699 in rent, and others. 

Income
(Loss) from Operations 

As
a result of the foregoing, for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, income from operations amounted to 1,108,797, as compared to loss
from operations of (425,363) for the nine months ended August 31, 2023. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
income includes dividends from stock dividends that amounted to 2,625 for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and 2,550 for the
nine months ended August 31, 2023. 

The
Company had realized losses on equity investments of 496 for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and realized gains of 60,233 for
the nine months ended August 31, 2023. The Company had unrealized gains on equity investments of 9,402 for the nine months ended August
31, 2024, and unrealized losses on equity investments of (163,770) for the nine months ended August 31, 2023. For the nine months ended
August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, the Company had total losses from sales of capital assets of 0 and (74,889.00), respectively. 

The
Company had 3,743 interest expense for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and 0 interest expense for the nine months ended August
31, 2023. 

17 

Income
Taxes 

We
did not have any income tax expense for the nine months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, since we did not have any taxable
income in the periods which was not reduced by prior net operating loss carry forwards or reduced by the exclusion of any unrealized
gains/(losses) on equity investments, which are excluded from our taxable income until they become realized gains/(losses) on equity
investments. 

Net Income (Loss) 

The net gain for the nine months ended August 31,
2024, was 1,108,797 and the net loss for the nine months ended August 31, 2023, was (425,363). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. On August 31,
2024, and November 30. 2023, we had cash balances of 56,633 and 93,890, respectively. These funds are kept in financial institutions
located in United States. We had total liabilities of 108,506 on August 31, 2024, of which 29,575 for accounts payable and accrued
liabilities and 78,931 for a related party note payable. We had total liabilities of 16,214 on November 30, 2023, of which 16,214
is for accounts payable and accrued liabilities. As of August 31, 2024 and November 30. 2023, the Company had accumulated deficits
of 43,425 and 756,529, respectively. 

We currently have no agreements and arrangements
with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. Since the Company has no such arrangements or
plans currently in effect, its inability to raise funds for the above purposes will have a severe negative impact on its ability to remain
a viable company. 

Cash flows from Operating Activities 

Cash from operating activities was (118,813) during
the nine months ended August 31, 2024, as compared with using (206,483) for the nine months ended August 31, 2023. The increase in cash
from operating activities during the nine months ended August 31, 2024, is primarily due to the increase consulting income paid for in
BHPA Inc. restricted stocks and the decrease in operating expenses described above. 

Cash flows from Investing Activities 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, the
cash flows in investing activities 2,625. 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2023, the
cash flows in investing activities provided 119,148 in net proceeds comprised of 103,658 in proceeds provided by the sale of investment
equities; (30,125) in proceeds used in the purchase of investment equities; 46,000 in proceeds provided by the sale of capital assets;
and (385) in proceeds used in the purchase of vending machines. 

Cash flows from Financing Activities 

For the nine months ended August 31, 2024, the Company
received 78,931 in proceeds provided by a related party loan. For the nine months ended August 31, 2023, the Company used -0- in cash
flows in financing activities. 

18 

Our capital requirements for the next twelve months primarily relate to cash to pay
 salaries, consulting fees and fees related to third parties professional services. All funds received have been primarily expended in the furtherance
 of growing the business. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in a
 material decrease in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

An increase in working capital requirements to finance our current business; 

Addition of administrative and sales personnel as the business grows; and 

The cost of being a public company. 

We will need to raise additional funds, particularly if we are unable to generate
 positive cash flow as a result of our operations. We estimate that based on current
 plans and assumptions, that our available cash will be insufficient to satisfy our
 cash requirements under our present operating expectations. Other than working capital,
 advances received from related parties and funds received pursuant to securities purchase
 agreements, we presently have no other significant alternative sources of working
 capital. We have used these funds to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations
 and grow our company. We will need to raise significant additional capital to fund
 our operations and to provide working capital for our ongoing operations and obligations.
 Therefore, our future operation is dependent on our ability to secure additional financing.
 Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining
 credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price of our
 common stock and a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more
 difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even
 if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected
 costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us
 to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt
 securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities
 may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of
 our common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital may restrict our ability
 to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. If
 we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will be required to cease our operations.
 To date, we have not considered this alternative, nor do we view it as a likely occurrence. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 We presently do not have any contractual obligations. 
 
 Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely
 to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
 condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
 or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Since inception, our principal sources of operating funds have been proceeds from
 equity financing including the sale of our Common Stock to initial investors known
 to management and principal shareholders of the Company. We do not expect that our
 current cash on hand will fund our existing operations. We will need to raise additional
 capital in order to execute our business plan and growth goals for at least the next
 twelve-month period thereafter. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional
 funds, it will have to execute a slower than planned growth path, reduce overhead
 and scale back its business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to
 support further operational expansion and growth. There can be no assurance that such
 a plan will be successful. 

19 

Inflation 
 
 The effect of inflation on our revenue and operating results was not significant. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required
 by this Item. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material
 information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized,
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated
 to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried
 out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
 including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (principal
 financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the 1934 Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report.
 Based on this evaluation, because of the Company s limited resources and limited number of employees, management concluded that our
 disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes (including corrective actions with regard to material weakness)
 in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period
 covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
 affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

20 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject
 to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Company is not presently
 a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to it, would individually
 or taken together have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results,
 financial condition, or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have
 an adverse impact on the Company because of defense and settlement costs, diversion
 of management resources and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be impacted
 by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set
 forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2023, the occurrence of any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our actual
 results. There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors previously disclosed
 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 On June 25, 2024, the Company issued its Chairman,
Edward Lee, a stock option to acquire an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, exercisable for five (5) years
at an exercise price of 0.20 per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in equal amounts over a period of one (1) year at the rate
of 250,000 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in June 2024, and pro-rated for the number of days the optionee
serves on the Board during the fiscal quarter. 

On June 25, 2024, the Company issued its independent
director, Eugene Cha, a stock option to acquire an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, exercisable for five
(5) years at an exercise price of 0.20 per share, subject to vesting. The option vests in equal amounts over a period of one (1) year
at the rate of 125,000 shares per fiscal quarter at the end of such quarter, commencing in June 2024, and pro-rated for the number of
days the optionee serves on the Board during the fiscal quarter. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 There were no defaults upon senior securities during the period ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 There is no other information required to be disclosed under this item that was not
 previously disclosed. 

21 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith 

22 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
 has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
 duly authorized. 

HESTIA INSIGHT INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 November 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hestialnsightinc_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Edward Lee, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the report of Hestia Insight Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
 of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
 in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
 and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
 report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
 over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
 internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
 have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hestialnsightinc_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Edward Lee, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the report of Hestia Insight Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
 of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
 in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
 and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
 report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
 over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
 internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
 have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 hestialnsightinc_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18
 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 The undersigned, Edward Lee, in his capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, respectively, of Hestia Insight Inc. (the Registrant does hereby
 certify with respect to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the period ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant as of, and for,
 the periods presented in this Report. 

Date: November 4, 2024 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 4, 2024 
 /s/ Edward Lee 

Edward Lee 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hsta-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hsta-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hsta-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hsta-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

