<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_1433660_0001433660-24-000048.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8394915</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102432</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2141006</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2781729</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1730471</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1481008</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001433660-24-000048.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023164513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001433660-24-000048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			John Bean Technologies CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001433660
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY (NO METALWORKING MACHINERY) [3550]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				911650317
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34036
		FILM NUMBER:		241389644

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 W MADISON
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312 861-5900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 W MADISON
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001433660-24-000048.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 jbt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

jbt-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 17, 2024 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 1 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Product revenue Service revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Cost of products Cost of services Selling, general and administrative expense Restructuring expense ) Operating income Pension expense, other than service cost Interest income Interest expense Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax provision Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate ) ) ) Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income Basic earnings per share from: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Diluted earnings per share from: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments Derivatives designated as hedges ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (In millions, except per share data and number of shares) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, net of allowances Contract assets Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and respectively 
 Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity: Current Liabilities: Accounts payable, trade and other Advance and progress payments Accrued payroll Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits, less current portion Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) par value; shares authorized; shares issued in 2024 or 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; September 30, 2024: issued, and outstanding; December 31, 2023: issued, and outstanding 
 Common stock held in treasury, at cost September 30, 2024: shares; December 31, 2023: shares 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Cash flows from continuing operating activities: Net income Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to cash provided by continuing operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables, net and contract assets ) Inventories ) Accounts payable, trade and other ) Advance and progress payments ) ) Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits, net ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Cash provided by continuing operating activities Cash flows from continuing investing activities: (Payments) proceeds from sale of AeroTech, net ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Investment in unconsolidated affiliate ) Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from disposal of assets Purchase of Marketable Securities ) Cash (required) provided by continuing investing activities ) Cash flows from continuing financing activities: Payments on short-term debt ) Net payments for domestic credit facilities ) Proceeds from settlement of cross currency swaps Payment of debt issuance costs for Bridge Credit Agreement ) Payment of debt issuance costs for Term Loan B ) Settlement of taxes withheld on stock-based compensation awards ) ) Dividends ) ) Other ) Cash required by continuing financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash from continuing operations Cash flows from discontinued operations: Cash provided (required) by operating activities of discontinued operations, net ) Cash required by investing activities of discontinued operations, net ) Net cash provided (required) by discontinued operations ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, beginning of period Add: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, beginning of period Add: Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period Supplemental cash flow information for continuing operations: Non-cash investing in capital expenditures, accrued but not paid 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Common Stock Common Stock Held in Treasury Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Issuance of treasury stock ) Common stock cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Derivatives designated as hedges, net of income taxes of 
 ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability adjustments, net of income taxes of ) 
 Stock-based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Common Stock Common Stock Held in Treasury Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Issuance of treasury stock ) Common stock cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Derivatives designated as hedges, net of income taxes of 
 ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability adjustments, net of income taxes of ) 
 Stock-based compensation expense Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 6 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) Common Stock Common Stock Held in Treasury Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Issuance of treasury stock ) Common stock cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of income taxes of 
 ) ) Derivatives designated as hedges, net of income taxes of 
 ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability adjustments, net of income taxes of ) 
 Stock-based compensation expense Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) Common Stock Common Stock Held in Treasury Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Issuance of treasury stock ) Common stock cash dividends, per share 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of income taxes of 
 ) ) Derivatives designated as hedges, net of income taxes of 
 ) ) Pension and other postretirement liability adjustments, net of income taxes of ) 
 Stock-based compensation expense Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

JOHN BEAN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. 

, (ii) stock consideration consisting of newly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company's common stock (the "JBT Offer Shares") or (iii) cash consideration in the amount of EUR along with stock consideration consisting of newly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable JBT Offer Shares. Elections will be subject to a proration process, such that the Marel shareholders immediately prior to the closing of the Offer will receive an aggregate of approximately EUR million in cash and approximately a percent interest in the combined company. 
 
 8 

9 

NOTE 2. 
 
 million (the "Transaction") and recognized a gain on the Transaction of million, net of million of income taxes. 
 
 In connection with the Transaction, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the "TSA") for the provision of information technology related services for months and of other services for months to support the transition of the AeroTech business. Services under the TSA have been completed and the TSA effectively concluded in the quarter ended September 30, 2024. TSA income was recognized as services were performed, and the income earned was recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income to offset the costs incurred to support the TSA. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's cash inflows from the Purchaser related to the TSA were million. 
 
 Summarized Discontinued Operations Financial Information 
 
 Operating expenses: Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expense Operating income ) Interest expense Gain on sale of AeroTech Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax provision Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

10 

NOTE 3. 
 
 Currency translation Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Patents and acquired technology Trademarks Non-amortizing intangible assets Other Total intangible assets 

NOTE 4. 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Gross inventories before valuation adjustments Valuation adjustments ) ) Net inventories 

NOTE 5. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial losses Net periodic cost 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made contributions of million to its pension plans. The Company expects to contribute million in 2024 primarily to the non-U.S. pension plans. 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Revolving credit facility, net Convertible senior notes (2) 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Convertible senior notes, net Long-term debt, net 
 (1) Weighted-average interest rate at September 30, 2024 was . 
 (2) Effective interest rate for the Notes (as defined below) for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 
 
 Components of interest expense recognized for the Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the "Notes") were as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contractual interest expense Interest cost related to amortization of issuance costs Total interest expense 
 
 Convertible Note Hedge Transactions 
 
 On May 28, 2021, the Company closed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of the Notes to qualified institutional buyers. The initial conversion rate of the Notes is shares of the Company's common stock per principal amount of notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate of the Notes is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. 
 
 On May 28, 2021, the Company paid an aggregate amount of million for the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions (the "Hedge Transactions"). The Hedge Transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the Notes, approximately million shares of the Company's common stock. These are the same number of shares initially underlying the Notes, at a strike price of , subject to customary adjustments. The Hedge Transactions will expire upon the maturity of the Notes, subject to earlier exercise or termination. 
 
 The Hedge Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilutive effect of the conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted Notes, in the event that the market price per share of the Company's common stock, as measured under the terms of the Hedge Transactions, is greater than the Hedge Transactions strike price of . The Hedge Transactions meet the criteria in ASC 815-40 to be classified within Stockholders' Equity, and therefore these transactions are not revalued after their issuance. 
 
 The Company made a tax election to integrate the Notes and the Hedge Transactions. The accounting impact of this tax election makes the Hedge Transactions deductible as original issue discount interest for tax purposes over the term of the note, and results in a million deferred tax asset recorded as an adjustment to Additional paid-in capital on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 12 

million shares of its common stock at an initial strike price of per share. The Company received aggregate proceeds of million from the Warrant Transactions with the counterparties, with such proceeds partially offsetting the costs of entering into the Hedge Transactions. The warrants expire in August 2026. If the market value per share of the common stock, exceeds the strike price of the warrants, the warrants will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, unless the Company elects, subject to certain conditions, to settle the warrants in cash. The warrants meet the criteria in ASC 815-40 to be classified within Stockholders' Equity, and therefore the warrants are not revalued after issuance. 
 
 Bridge Credit Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Marel Transaction, on April 4, 2024, the Company entered into a bridge credit agreement with certain financial institutions (the "Bridge Credit Agreement") that committed to provide the Company with secured bridge financing in an aggregate principal amount of billion. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of financing costs associated with the Bridge Credit Agreement, primarily in Interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 If drawn, loans under the Bridge Credit Agreement accrue interest at the Euro Interbank Offered Rate plus per annum, increasing by per annum at the end of the first 90 day period after the initial borrowing date and by an additional per annum at the end of each 90 day period thereafter until the maturity date of the Bridge Credit Agreement. Any such drawn amounts and the amount of the undrawn and available commitments are also subject to a duration fee that accrues daily at a rate of for the period of time from 90 days after the initial borrowing date until the 180th day after the initial borrowing date, for the period of time from 180 days after the initial borrowing date until the 270th day after the initial borrowing date and for the period of time from 270 days after the initial borrowing date until the maturity date of the Bridge Credit Agreement. The maturity of the Bridge Credit Agreement is 364 days after the initial borrowing of any loans thereunder. The Company may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the Bridge Credit Agreement, if drawn, at any time without premium or penalty. 

NOTE 7. 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (1) All amounts are net of income taxes. 
 
 Reclassification adjustments from AOCI into earnings for pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were million of charges to pension expense, other than service cost, net of million in benefit for income taxes. Reclassification adjustments for derivatives designated as hedges for the same period were million of benefit in interest expense, net of million income tax provision. 
 
 13 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) All amounts are net of income taxes. 
 
 Reclassification adjustments from AOCI into earnings for pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were million of charges to pension expense, other than service cost, net of million income tax benefit. Reclassification adjustments for derivatives designated as hedges for the same period were million of benefit in interest expense, net of million income tax provision. Reclassification adjustments for foreign currency translation related to net investment hedges for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were immaterial. 
 
 Changes in the AOCI balances for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 by component are shown in the following tables: 
 (In millions) Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits (1) 
 Derivatives Designated as Hedges (1) 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Total (1) 
 Beginning balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (1) All amounts are net of income taxes. 
 
 Reclassification adjustments from AOCI into earnings for pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million of charges to pension expense, other than service cost, net of million in benefit for income taxes. Reclassification adjustments for derivatives designated as hedges for the same period were million of benefit in interest expense, net of million income tax provision. ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) All amounts are net of income taxes. 
 
 Reclassification adjustments from AOCI into earnings for pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million of charges to pension expense, other than service cost, net of million income tax benefit. Reclassification adjustments for derivatives designated as hedges for the same period were million of benefit in interest expense, net of million income tax provision. Reclassification adjustments for foreign currency translation related to net investment hedges for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million of benefit in interest expense, net of million income tax provision. 

14 

NOTE 8. 
 
 million in revenue is expected to be recognized in future periods related to remaining performance obligations from the Company's contracts with customers outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to complete these obligations and recognize as revenue in 2024, as revenue in 2025, and the remainder after 2025. 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 Non-recurring (1) 
 Total Geographical Region (2) 
 North America Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Central and South America Total Timing of Recognition Point in Time Over Time Total 
 (1) Recurring revenue includes revenue from aftermarket parts and services, re-build services on customer owned equipment, operating leases of equipment, and subscription-based software applications. Non-recurring revenue includes new equipment and installation and the sale of software licenses. 
 (2) Geographical region represents the region in which the end customer resides. 
 
 Contract balances 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in trade receivables, contract assets, and advance and progress payments (contract liabilities). Contract assets exist when revenue recognition occurs prior to billings. Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the right to payment becomes unconditional (i.e., when receipt of the amount is dependent only on the passage of time). Conversely, the Company often receives payments from its customers before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as Contract assets and within Advance and progress payments, respectively, on a contract-by-contract net basis at the end of each reporting period. 
 
 15 

Contract Liabilities September 30, 2023 December 31, 2022 Contract Assets Contract Liabilities 
 
 million and million, respectively. The remainder of the change from December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 is driven by the timing of advance and milestone payments received from customers, customer returns and fulfillment of performance obligations. There were no significant changes in the contract balances other than those described above. 

NOTE 9. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic earnings per share from: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Diluted earnings per share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income Weighted average number of shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted stock Total shares and dilutive securities Diluted earnings per share from: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income 

16 

NOTE 10. 
 
 Derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives Total liabilities 
 
 Investments represent securities held in a trust for the non-qualified deferred compensation plan. Investments are classified as trading securities and are valued based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the Company has the ability to access. As of September 30, 2024, million of investments are recorded in Other current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to investments that are expected to be redeemed within the next twelve months. The remaining investments are reported separately in Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Investments include an unrealized gain of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company uses the income approach to measure the fair value of derivative instruments on a recurring basis. This approach calculates the present value of the future cash flow by measuring the change between the derivative contract rate and the published market indicative currency rate, multiplied by the contract notional values, and applying an appropriate discount rate as well as a factor of credit risk. 
 
 The Notes are not registered securities nor listed on any securities exchange but may be traded by qualified institutional buyers. The fair value of the Notes estimated using Level 2 inputs was million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and payables, marketable securities, as well as financial instruments included in other current assets and other current liabilities, approximate fair values because of their short-term maturities. 
 
 The carrying values of the Company's revolving credit facility recorded in long-term debt on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate their fair values due to their variable interest rates. 

NOTE 11. 
 
 17 

in managing this foreign exchange rate risk. The Company has not designated these forward foreign exchange contracts, which had a notional value at September 30, 2024 of million, as hedges and therefore does not apply hedge accounting. 
 
 The fair values of our foreign currency derivative assets are recorded within other current assets and other assets, and the fair values of foreign currency derivative liabilities are recorded within other current liabilities and other liabilities. 

A master netting arrangement allows counterparties to net settle amounts owed to each other as a result of separate offsetting derivative transactions. The Company enters into master netting arrangements with its counterparties when possible to mitigate credit risk in derivative transactions by permitting it to net settle for transactions with the same counterparty. However, the Company does not net settle with such counterparties. As a result, derivatives are presented at their gross fair values in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 18 

) ) Foreign exchange contracts Cost of sales ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Selling, general and administrative expense ) Total ) ) Remeasurement of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies ) ) Net gain (loss) ) ) 
 
 Interest Rates : The Company has entered into interest rate swaps executed in March 2020 with a combined notional amount of million expiring in April 2025, and interest rate swap executed in May 2020 with a notional amount of million expiring in May 2025. These interest rate swaps fix the interest rate applicable to certain of the Company's variable-rate debt. The agreements swap one-month SOFR rates for fixed rates. The Company has designated these swaps as cash flow hedges and all changes in fair value of the swaps are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of these derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as Other current assets of million and as Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, of million. At December 31, 2023, the fair value of these derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as Other assets of million and as Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, of million. 
 
 Refer to Note 10. Fair Value Of Financial Instruments for a description of how the values of the above financial instruments are determined. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 By their nature, financial instruments involve risk including credit risk for non-performance by counterparties. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk primarily consist of trade receivables and derivative contracts. The Company manages the credit risk on financial instruments by transacting only with financially secure counterparties, requiring credit approvals and establishing credit limits, and monitoring counterparties financial condition. The Company's maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the counterparty, for all receivables and derivative contracts as of September 30, 2024, is limited to the amount drawn and outstanding on the financial instrument. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a description of how allowance for credit loss is determined on financial assets measured at amortized cost, which includes Trade receivables, Contract assets, and non-current receivables. 
 
 19 

NOTE 12. 
 
 Variable payment revenue Operating lease revenue Sales-type lease revenue 
 
 Refer to Note 15. Related Party Transactions for details of operating lease agreements with related parties. 

NOTE 13. 
 
 million at September 30, 2024, represent guarantees of future performance. The Company has also provided approximately million of bank guarantees and letters of credit to secure a portion of its existing financial obligations. The majority of these financial instruments expire within and are expected to be replaced through the issuance of new or the extension of existing letters of credit and surety bonds. 
 
 In some instances, the Company guarantees its customers financing arrangements. The Company is responsible for payment of any unpaid amounts, but will receive indemnification from third parties for percent of the contract values. In addition, the Company generally retains recourse to the equipment sold. As of September 30, 2024, the gross value of such arrangements was million, of which the Company's net exposure under such guarantees was million. 
 
 20 

Expense for new warranties Adjustments to existing accruals ) ) Claims paid ) ) ) ) Translation ) ) Balance at end of period 

NOTE 14. 
 
 million, net of a cumulative release of the related liability of million. The 2022/2023 restructuring plan was completed as of March 31, 2024. 
 
 ) Other Total restructuring charges, net ) 
 
 21 

) ) Other ) Total ) ) 
 
 The Company released million of the liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which it no longer expects to pay in connection with the restructuring plans due to actual severance payments differing from the original estimates and natural attrition of employees. 

NOTE 15. 
 
 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the operating lease right-of-use asset and the lease liability related to these agreements was million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 16. 
 
 , amended and restated billion revolving credit facility and a , million Senior Secured Term Loan B (the "Term Loan B"). This is consistent with the Company's plan to establish a long-term financing structure. Upon the Marel Transaction closing, the Company will terminate the billion Bridge Credit Agreement. 
 
 basis points. This pricing structure will step down to SOFR plus basis points once leverage is below x. Additionally, the Term Loan B includes a ticking fee with no fees to be paid for the first days following allocation of commitments, which occurred on October 9, 2024. The Company expects to utilize its available cash, proceeds from the Term Loan B, and borrowings on its revolving credit facility to fund the cash portion of the Marel Transaction, refinance Marel's existing debt, and pay transaction related fees and expenses. 
 22 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other materials filed or to be filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as information in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us, contain statements that are, or may be considered to be, forward-looking statements. All statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs or expectations, are forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, foresees or the negative version of those words or other comparable words and phrases. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are based upon our historical performance and on current plans, estimates and expectations. The inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements relating to our business and our results of operations, a potential transaction with Marel hf. ("Marel"), our strategic plans, our restructuring plans and expected cost savings from those plans and our liquidity. The factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations include, but are not limited, to the following factors: 
 the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination or abandonment of the Offer; 
 the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed transaction with Marel, including the timing, receipt and terms and conditions of any required governmental and regulatory approvals for the Offer that could reduce anticipated benefits or cause the parties to abandon the transaction; 
 the risk that Marel and/or JBT may not be able to satisfy the conditions to the Offer in a timely manner or at all; 
 the risk that the Offer and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of JBT and Marel to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers, and on their operating results and businesses generally; 
 the risk that problems may arise in successfully integrating the businesses of Marel and JBT, which may result in the combined company not operating as effectively and efficiently as expected; 
 the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve cost-cutting synergies or that it may take longer than expected to achieve those synergies; 
 fluctuations in our financial results; 
 unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles; 
 deterioration of economic conditions, including impacts from supply chain delays and reduced material or component availability; 
 inflationary pressures, including increases in energy, raw material, freight and labor costs; 
 disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic and social conditions of the countries in which we conduct business; 
 changes to trade regulation, quotas, duties or tariffs; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 changes in food consumption patterns; 
 impacts of pandemic illnesses, food borne illnesses and diseases to various agricultural products; 
 weather conditions and natural disasters; 
 the impact of climate change and environmental protection initiatives; 
 acts of terrorism or war, including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 termination or loss of major customer contracts and risks associated with fixed-price contracts, particularly during periods of high inflation; 
 customer sourcing initiatives; 
 competition and innovation in our industries; 
 our ability to develop and introduce new or enhanced products and services and keep pace with technological developments; 
 difficulty in developing, preserving and protecting our intellectual property or defending claims of infringement; 
 catastrophic loss at any of our facilities and business continuity of our information systems; 
 cyber-security risks such as network intrusion or ransomware schemes; 
 loss of key management and other personnel; 
 potential liability arising out of the installation or use of our systems; 
 our ability to comply with U.S. and international laws governing our operations and industries; 
 increases in tax liabilities; 
 work stoppages; 
 23 

fluctuations in interest rates and returns on pension assets; 
 a systemic failure of the banking system in the United States or globally impacting our customers' financial condition and their demand for our goods and services; 
 availability of and access to financial and other resources; and 
 the factors described under the captions Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in this and any future Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 If one or more of those or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary materially from what we projected. Consequently, actual events and results may vary significantly from those included in or contemplated or implied by our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-Q are made only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf, whether as a result of new information, future developments, subsequent events or changes in circumstances or otherwise. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 We are a leading global technology solutions provider to high-value segments of the food and beverage industries. We design, produce, and service sophisticated products and systems for multi-national and regional customers. 
 
 Our Elevate 2.0 strategy capitalizes on favorable trends, as well as our leadership position in the food and beverage processing industry. This strategy is based on a four-pronged approach to deliver continued growth and margin expansion. 
 
 Organic Growth . Our broad application knowledge, engineering expertise, and global sales and service allow us to work alongside our customers to develop critical products and solutions across a diverse set of food beverage end markets. JBT is benefiting from strong commercial and market trends, which create meaningful opportunities for continued new product innovation and R D in support of our customers needs. Additionally, our cross-selling abilities, investment opportunities in developing geographies, and aftermarket capabilities provide meaningful growth opportunities for us globally. 
 
 Digital Transformation. We continue to invest in our digital solution, OmniBlu , a customer-centric platform that delivers improved access to inventory and service, advanced functionality, and measurable results for customers, while also expanding JBT's recurring revenue from aftermarket parts and services. 
 
 Margin Enhancement. We see opportunities to improve our operating margins by 200 basis points or more in the medium-term, primarily through supply chain and strategic sourcing initiatives. Key areas of focus include supply base consolidation, make versus buy decisions, value engineering and component standardization, and best cost country sourcing. 
 
 Acquisitions. We are also continuing our strategic acquisition program focused on companies that add complementary products and technology solutions, which enable us to offer more comprehensive solutions to customers and meet our economic criteria for returns and synergies. 
 
 We operate under the JBT Business System, which provides a level of process rigor across the Company and is designed to standardize and streamline reporting and problem resolution processes for increased visibility, efficiency, effectiveness and productivity in all business units. 
 
 Our approach to Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) builds on our culture and long tradition of concern for our employees health, safety, and well-being; partnering with our customers to find ways to make better use of the earth s precious resources; and giving back to the communities where we live and work. Our equipment and technologies continue to deliver quality performance while striving to minimize food waste, extend food product life, support customer sustainability objectives, and maximize efficiency in order to create shared value for our food and beverage customers. While the majority of our impact lies within the solutions offered to our customers, our commitment to environmental responsibility extends to our own operations. We strive for our own facilities to operate efficiently and safely, much like the solutions we provide to our customers. We recognize our responsibility to make a positive impact on our shareholders, the environment and our communities in a manner that is consistent with our fiduciary duties. We have engaged in structured education for enhancing inclusive leadership skills in our organization designed to ensure more diversity in our leadership and hiring practices. 
 
 24 

Business Conditions and Outlook 
 
 We achieved another strong quarter in terms of orders, highlighting the benefit of our diverse end market exposure. We saw continued recovery in demand from global poultry customers, as well as strength in demand from the fruit and vegetable, pet food, warehouse automation, and pharmaceutical markets. As expected, we delivered year-over-year growth in revenue and margins driven primarily by higher volume, strategic sourcing cost initiatives, and restructuring savings. 
 
 For the full year 2024, we continue to expect to deliver year-over-year revenue growth driven by our strong backlog, continued recovery in equipment demand in the global poultry market, and our organic growth initiatives. Our margins are also expected to improve year over year as we continue to realize benefits from our strategic sourcing and continuous improvement initiatives along with higher volume flow through. 
 
 We have obtained approval from our Board of Directors to settle all outstanding obligations of our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan (the Plan ), through a combination of voluntary lump sum payments and the purchase of an annuity contract. As of September 30, 2024, we have pre-tax accumulated losses related to Plan of 171 million reported as accumulated other comprehensive loss in the balance sheet. Voluntary lump sum payment offered to the Plan participants is expected to result in recognition of 28 million to 32 million of this accumulated loss as non-cash, pre-tax pension expense in the fourth quarter. The remaining portion of the accumulated loss of 142 million to 148 million will be recognized upon final settlement of the Plan via the purchase of an annuity contract, expected to be in the first quarter of 2025. Given our fully funded status, the final settlement of the Plan is expected to have a minor cash flow impact. 
 25 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Favorable/(Unfavorable) (In millions, except 2024 2023 Change Revenue 453.8 403.6 50.2 12.4 Cost of sales 290.2 258.8 (31.4) (12.1) Gross profit 163.6 144.8 18.8 13.0 Gross profit margin 36.1 35.9 20 bps Selling, general and administrative expense 117.0 101.5 (15.5) (15.3) Restructuring expense (0.2) 6.4 6.6 103.1 Operating income 46.8 36.9 9.9 26.8 Pension expense, other than service cost 1.0 0.2 (0.8) (400.0) Interest income 5.9 4.6 1.3 28.3 Interest expense 4.1 5.5 1.4 25.5 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 47.6 35.8 11.8 33.0 Income tax provision 9.5 4.6 (4.9) (106.5) Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate (0.1) 0.1 100.0 Income from continuing operations 38.1 31.1 7.0 22.5 Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 0.8 410.5 (409.7) (99.8) Net income 38.9 441.6 (402.7) (91.2) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations (1) 
 81.7 66.3 15.4 23.2 Adjusted EBITDA margin from continuing operations (1) 
 18.0 16.4 160 bps 
 (1) The key measures reviewed by the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") to evaluate our performance are most notably Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA margin from continuing operations. For additional information, refer to the 'Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures' section below. 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 50.2 million or 12.4 compared to the same period in 2023. Organic revenue increased 49.9 million and foreign currency translation was favorable by 0.3 million in the period compared to the prior year. The increase in organic revenue was the result of higher pricing as well as an increase in volume for both recurring and non-recurring revenue compared to the prior year. 
 
 Gross profit and Gross profit margin 
 
 Gross profit margin slightly improved to 36.1 compared to 35.9 in the same period last year. This increase was driven primarily by higher pricing and volume as well as savings from our 2022/2023 restructuring plan and sourcing initiatives. This was partially offset by material cost inflation and a stronger mix of non-recurring revenue compared to prior year, which tends to have lower margins than recurring revenue. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 15.5 million from prior year, and as a percent of revenue increased by 70 bps to 25.8 compared to 25.1 in the same period last year. This increase was primarily the result of M A related costs specific to the Marel Transaction of 12.9 million incurred during the quarter and higher operating costs, partially offset by savings from our restructuring program. 
 
 26 

Pension expense, other than service cost 
 
 Pension expense, other than service cost increased 0.8 million compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to lower expected return on pension assets in 2024 compared to prior year. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income increased 1.3 million compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was due to interest income on cash on hand from the proceeds from the sale of the AeroTech business which was completed during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased 1.4 million compared to same period last year. This decrease is due to the Company having a lower average debt balance and lower weighted average interest rate, including the impacts of the interest rate swaps, during the quarter compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Income tax provision 
 
 The Company's tax rate from continuing operations was 20.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 12.8 in the same period in 2023. The tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by discrete items totaling 1.0 million, primarily driven by benefits from prior year tax returns. The tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was favorably impacted by discrete items totaling 2.9 million, primarily driven by benefits from prior year tax returns. 
 
 Income from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 38.1 million compared to 31.1 million for the same period in 2023, representing an increase of 7.0 million. Adjusted EBITDA was 81.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 66.3 million during the same period in 2023, representing an increase of 15.4 million. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by higher gross profit, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expense, excluding the impacts of our depreciation, amortization, and acquisition, and integration costs. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, of 0.8 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, of 410.5 million, which included the gain on the sale of AeroTech of 444.1 million, net of tax, that was completed during the third quarter of 2023. 

27 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Favorable / (Unfavorable) (In millions, except 2024 2023 Change Revenue 1,248.4 1,219.8 28.6 2.3 Cost of sales 801.3 794.9 (6.4) (0.8) Gross profit 447.1 424.9 22.2 5.2 Gross profit margin 35.8 34.8 100 bps Selling, general and administrative expense 343.3 305.6 (37.7) (12.3) Restructuring expense 1.1 9.7 8.6 88.7 Operating income 102.7 109.6 (6.9) (6.3) Pension expense, other than service cost 3.0 0.6 (2.4) (400.0) Interest income 17.3 6.7 10.6 158.2 Interest expense 11.1 21.2 10.1 47.6 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 105.9 94.5 11.4 12.1 Income tax provision 14.3 17.8 3.5 19.7 Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate (0.1) (0.1) Income from continuing operations 91.5 76.6 14.9 19.5 Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes 0.9 424.9 (424.0) (99.8) Net income 92.4 501.5 (409.1) (81.6) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations (1) 
 202.8 192.1 10.7 5.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin from continuing operations (1) 
 16.2 15.7 50 bps 
 (1) The key measures reviewed by the CODM to evaluate our performance are most notably Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA margin from continuing operations. For additional information, refer to the 'Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures' section below. 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 28.6 million or 2.3 compared to the same period in 2023. Organic revenue increased 32.4 million and foreign currency translation was unfavorable by 3.8 million in the period compared to the prior year. The increase in organic revenue was primarily the result of higher pricing as well as an increase in volume for non-recurring revenue, partially offset by a decrease in volume for recurring revenue. 
 
 Gross profit and Gross profit margin 
 
 Gross profit margin increased 100 bps to 35.8 compared to 34.8 in the same period last year. This increase was driven primarily by higher volume and pricing as well as savings from our 2022/2023 restructuring plan and sourcing initiatives. This was partially offset by input cost inflation and a stronger mix of non-recurring revenue compared to prior year, which tends to have lower margins than recurring revenue. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 37.7 million compared to the same period in the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue increased 240 bps to 27.5 compared to 25.1 in the same period last year. This increase is primarily the result the result of M A related costs specific to the Marel Transaction of 32.6 million and higher long term incentive compensation expense accruals. This increase was partially offset by savings from our restructuring program as well as a decrease in expenses related to the OmniBlu TM platform year-over-year. 
 28 

Pension expense, other than service cost 
 
 Pension expense, other than service cost increased 2.4 million compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to lower expected return on pension assets in 2024 compared to prior year. 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income increased 10.6 million compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was due to interest income on cash on hand from the proceeds from the sale of the AeroTech business, which was completed during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased 10.1 million compared to same period last year. This decrease was due to the Company having a lower average debt balance and lower weighted average interest rate, including the impacts of the interest rate swaps, in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Income tax provision 
 
 The Company's tax rate from continuing operations was 13.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 18.8 in the same period in 2023. The tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by discrete items totaling 9.2 million, primarily driven by a non-recurring deferred tax benefit related to an internal reorganization. The tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was favorably impacted by discrete items totaling 2.7 million, primarily driven by benefits from prior year tax returns. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development has established a framework to implement a global minimum corporate tax of 15 for companies with global revenues and profits above certain thresholds (referred to as Pillar Two), with certain aspects of Pillar Two effective January 1, 2024 and other aspects effective January 1, 2025, depending on the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. The Company does not expect Pillar Two to have a material impact on the Company's effective tax rate, consolidated results of operation, financial position, or cash flows for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 Income from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Income from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 91.5 million compared to 76.6 million for the same period in 2023, representing an increase of 14.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA was 202.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 192.1 million during the same period in 2023, representing an increase of 10.7 million. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by higher gross profit, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expense, excluding the impacts of our depreciation, amortization, and acquisition and integration costs. 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, of 0.9 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized income from discontinued operations net of income taxes, of 424.9 million, which included the gain on the sale of AeroTech of 444.1 million, net of tax, that was completed during the third quarter of 2023. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 We present non-GAAP financial measures in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. These non-GAAP financial measures adjust for certain amounts that are otherwise included or excluded from a measure calculated under US GAAP. By adjusting for these items, we believe we provide greater transparency into our operating results and trends, and a more meaningful comparison of our ongoing operating results, consistent with how management evaluates performance. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in financial and operational evaluation, planning and forecasting. We also believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors as a way to evaluate and compare our operating performance against peers in the Company's industry. The adjustments generally fall within the following categories: restructuring costs, M A related costs, pension-related costs, constant currency adjustments and other major items affecting comparability of our ongoing operating results. 
 29 

The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report may differ from similarly-titled measures used by other companies. The non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be used as a substitute for, nor should they be considered in isolation of, financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Additional details for each Non-GAAP financial measure follow: 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: We define EBITDA as earnings before income taxes, interest expense and depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before restructuring, pension expense other than service cost, and M A related costs. 
 
 Adjusted income from continuing operations and Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations: We adjust earnings for restructuring expense, M A related costs, which include integration costs and the amortization of inventory step-up from business combinations, advisory and transaction costs for both potential and completed M A transactions and strategy M A related costs ), amortization of debt issuance costs related to bridge financing for potential M A transactions, and impact on tax provision from remeasurement of deferred taxes for material tax rate changes and internal reorganizations. 
 
 Free cash flow: We define free cash flow as cash provided by continuing operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from sale of fixed assets and pension contributions. For free cash flow purposes, we consider contributions to pension plans to be more comparable to the payment of debt, and therefore exclude these contributions from the calculation of free cash flow. 
 
 Constant currency measures: We evaluate our results of operations on both an as reported and a constant currency basis. The constant currency presentation excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We calculate constant currency percentages by converting our financial results in local currency for a period using the average exchange rate for the prior period to which we are comparing. 
 
 The tables below reconcile each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company's reported Income from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income from continuing operations 38.1 31.1 91.5 76.6 Income tax provision 9.5 4.6 14.3 17.8 Interest (income) expense, net (1.8) 0.9 (6.2) 14.5 Depreciation and amortization 22.2 23.1 66.5 69.3 EBITDA from continuing operations 68.0 59.7 166.1 178.2 Restructuring related costs (1) 
 (0.2) 6.4 1.1 9.7 Pension expense, other than service cost (2) 
 1.0 0.2 3.0 0.6 M A related costs (3) 
 12.9 32.6 3.6 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 81.7 66.3 202.8 192.1 
 (1) Costs incurred as a direct result of the restructuring program are excluded because they are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business. 
 (2) Pension expense, other than service cost is excluded as it represents all non service-related pension expense, which consists of non-cash interest cost, expected return on plan assets and amortization of actuarial gains and losses. 
 (3) M A related costs include integration costs, amortization of inventory step-up from business combinations, earn out adjustments to fair value, advisory and transaction costs for both potential and completed M A transactions and strategy. M A related costs are excluded as they are not part of the ongoing operations of our underlying business. 

30 

The table below provides a reconciliation of income from continuing operations as reported to adjusted income from continuing operations and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income from continuing operations 38.1 31.1 91.5 76.6 Non-GAAP adjustments Restructuring related costs (0.2) 6.4 1.1 9.7 M A related cost 12.9 32.6 3.6 Amortization of bridge financing debt issuance cost 1.2 2.4 Impact on tax provision from Non-GAAP adjustments (1) 
 (3.6) (1.9) (9.3) (4.2) Deferred tax benefit related to an internal reorganization (8.8) Adjusted income from continuing operations 48.4 35.6 109.5 85.7 Income from continuing operations 38.1 31.1 91.5 76.6 Total shares and dilutive securities 32.2 32.2 32.2 32.1 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 1.18 0.97 2.84 2.39 Adjusted income from continuing operations 48.4 35.6 109.5 85.7 Total shares and dilutive securities 32.2 32.2 32.2 32.1 Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 1.50 1.11 3.40 2.67 
 (1) Impact on tax provision was calculated using the enacted rate for the relevant jurisdiction for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The table below provides a reconciliation of cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Cash provided by continuing operating activities 103.9 95.6 Less: capital expenditures 27.9 46.2 Plus: proceeds from sale of fixed assets 0.9 1.2 Plus: pension contributions 2.3 11.2 Free cash flow (FCF) 79.2 61.8 

31 

Restructuring 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company implemented a restructuring plan (the "2022/2023 restructuring plan") to optimize the overall cost structure for the Company on a global basis. The initiatives under this plan included streamlining operations and enhancing our general and administrative infrastructure. The Company recognized restructuring charges of 17.9 million, net of a cumulative release of the related liability of 7.5 million. The 2022/2023 restructuring plan was completed as of March 31, 2024. 
 
 The following table details the cumulative amount of annualized savings and incremental savings for the 2022/2023 restructuring plan: 
 Cumulative Amount Incremental Amount Cumulative Amount (In millions) As of December 31, 2023 During the quarter ended March 31, 2024 During the quarter ended June 30, 2024 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024 Cost of sales 4.9 1.7 1.4 0.8 8.8 Selling, general and administrative 6.2 1.5 1.3 1.0 10.0 Total restructuring savings 11.1 3.2 2.7 1.8 18.8 
 Cumulative savings for the 2022/2023 restructuring plan is expected to be 20.0 million. Savings expected to be realized during the remainder of 2024 are approximately 1.0 million. 
 
 For additional financial information about restructuring, refer to Note 14. Restructuring of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows provided by operating activities from our U.S. and foreign operations, borrowings from our revolving credit facility, and proceeds from the sale of the AeroTech business on August 1, 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had operating cash flows from continuing operations of 103.9 million. For full year 2024, we expect to generate positive cash flows. Our liquidity as of September 30, 2024, or cash plus borrowing ability under our existing revolving credit facilities, was 1.3 billion. 
 
 The cash flows generated by our continuing operations are expected to be sufficient to satisfy our principal cash requirements that include our working capital needs, new product development, restructuring expenses, capital expenditures, income taxes, debt repayments, dividends, periodic pension contributions, and other financing arrangements. 
 
 We expect to use the cash on our balance sheet for our stated capital allocation priorities, as well as partially fund the Marel transaction and pay any related debt financing costs and anticipated pre-close transaction costs. We expect to incur approximately 40 million of pre-close transaction costs during 2024, and will incur additional financing and transaction costs in the event the Marel Transaction closes. 
 
 Based on our current capital allocation objectives, during 2024, we anticipate capital expenditures to be between 40 million and 50 million. Our level of capital expenditures varies from time to time as a result of actual and anticipated business conditions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 534.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, 44.5 million of which was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Although certain funds are considered permanently invested in our foreign subsidiaries, we are not presently aware of any restriction on the repatriation of these funds. We maintain significant operations outside of the U.S., and many of our uses of cash for working capital, capital expenditures and business acquisitions arise in these foreign jurisdictions. If these funds were needed to fund our operations or satisfy obligations in the U.S., they could be repatriated and their repatriation into the U.S. could cause us to incur additional U.S. income tax and foreign withholding taxes. The foreign withholding taxes on these repatriations to the U.S. would potentially be partially offset by U.S. foreign tax credits. 
 
 32 

As noted above, certain funds held outside of the U.S. are considered permanently invested in our non-U.S. subsidiaries. At times, these foreign subsidiaries have cash balances that exceed their immediate working capital or other cash needs. In these circumstances, the foreign subsidiaries may loan funds to the U.S. parent company on a temporary basis; the U.S. parent company has in the past and may in the future use the proceeds of these temporary intercompany loans to reduce outstanding borrowings under our committed credit facilities. By using available non-U.S. cash to repay our debt on a short-term basis, we can optimize our leverage ratio, which has the effect of lowering our interest costs. 
 Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year incurred and required taxpayers to amortize such expenditures in the U.S. over five years. As a result, we expect an adverse impact of approximately 9 million to our cash from continuing operations in 2024. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Cash provided by continuing operating activities 103.9 95.6 Cash (required) provided by continuing investing activities (31.8) 612.7 Cash required by continuing financing activities (23.1) (345.7) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 1.4 (2.6) Net increase in cash from continuing operations 50.4 360.0 
 
 Cash provided by continuing operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 103.9 million, representing a 8.3 million increase compared to the same period in 2023. This increase was driven primarily by a higher income from continuing operations, lower payments as a result of improved vendor terms and lower contributions on our pension plans. These increases were partially offset by lower customer collections of advanced payments and trade receivables and higher inventory purchases during the period. 
 
 Cash required by investing activities was 31.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash provided of 612.7 million during the same period in 2023. The cash outflow during the period was driven primarily by spending on capital expenditures, which was lower compared to the prior period as we completed the initial development and deployment of our OmniBlu TM platform in 2023. The prior year cash provided was primarily comprised of the proceeds from the sale of AeroTech, partially offset by the purchase of marketable securities. 
 
 Cash required by financing activities was 23.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash required of 345.7 million during the same period in 2023. The decrease in cash outflow in the period was driven by the debt repayments for our revolving credit facility in the prior period that did not recur in 2024, partially offset by the payment of debt issuance costs related to the Bridge Credit Agreement entered into during the second quarter of 2024 and higher payment of taxes withheld on stock-based compensation awards. 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 250.0 million drawn on and 1.0 billion of availability under the revolving credit facility. Our ability to use this revolving credit facility is limited by the leverage ratio covenant referenced below. 
 
 Our credit agreement includes restrictive covenants that, if not met, could lead to a renegotiation of our credit lines, a requirement to repay our borrowings and/or a significant increase in our cost of financing. Restrictive covenants include a minimum interest coverage ratio, a maximum leverage ratio, as well as certain events of default. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants in our credit agreement. We expect to remain in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 During October 2024, we successfully secured commitments for our deal-contingent financing structure, consisting of a 5-year, amended and restated 1.8 billion revolving credit facility and a 7-year, 900 million Senior Secured Term Loan B (the "Term Loan B"). This is consistent with our plan to establish a long-term financing structure. Upon the Marel Transaction closing, we will terminate the 1.9 billion Bridge Credit Agreement. 
 
 33 

The revolving credit facility will retain the same pricing grid as our existing revolving credit facility. The Term Loan B will have secured pricing of SOFR plus 225 basis points. This pricing structure will step down to SOFR plus 200 basis points once leverage is below 3.25x. Additionally, the Term Loan B includes a ticking fee with no fees to be paid for the first 60 days following allocation of commitments, which occurred on October 9, 2024. We expect to utilize our available cash, proceeds from the Term Loan B, and borrowings on the revolving credit facility to fund the cash portion of the Marel Transaction, refinance Marel's existing debt, and pay transaction related fees and expenses. As a result, we expect to have ample liquidity at the time of the transaction close to support the ongoing operations of the combined company. 
 
 In connection with the Marel Transaction, on May 17, 2024, we entered into an amendment (the "Second Amendment") to our existing revolving credit facility under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021. The Second Amendment, among other things, (1) expressly permits the Offer and the transactions contemplated thereby, (2) increases the maximum Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) for the first 12 months after the closing of the Offer to 5.00 to 1.00, stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 at 12 months after the closing of the Offer and further stepping down to 3.50 to 1.00 at 18 months after the closing of the Offer and (3) amends certain of the other negative and financial covenants. This increase in maximum Secured Net Leverage ratio will provide us with sufficient capacity to incur indebtedness in excess of our expected requirements upon completion of the Marel Transaction. 
 
 In connection with the Marel Transaction, on April 4, 2024, the Company entered into a Bridge Credit Agreement with certain financial institutions that committed to provide the Company with secured bridge financing in an aggregate principal amount of 1.9 billion. Our ability to use this bridge financing is subject to the closing of the Marel Transaction. The maturity of the Bridge Credit Agreement is 364 days after the initial borrowing the loans thereunder. 
 
 On May 28, 2021, we closed a private offering of 402.5 million aggregate principal amount of the Company's 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 to qualified institutional buyers, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 392.2 million after deducting initial purchasers discounts. The convertible notes will mature on May 15, 2026 unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Concurrently with the issuance of the Notes, we entered into the convertible note hedge transactions that reduce potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes and entered into the warrant transactions to raise additional capital to partially offset the costs of entering into the Note hedge transactions. 
 
 For additional information about our convertible secured notes, convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, refer to Note 6. Debt of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have four interest rate swaps executed in March 2020 with a combined notional amount of 200 million expiring in April 2025, and one interest rate swap executed in May 2020 with a notional amount of 50 million expiring in May 2025. We have designated these swaps as cash flow hedges and all changes in fair value of the swaps are recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 As a result, as of September 30, 2024 all of our total outstanding debt of 652.5 million effectively remains fixed rate debt, with the Convertible Senior Notes subject to a fixed rate of 0.25 and all of the revolving credit facility subject to an average fixed rate of 0.76 in addition to the premium charged for the credit spread on our revolving credit facility. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 There were no material changes in our judgments and assumptions associated with the development of our critical accounting estimates during the period ended September 30, 2024. Refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our critical accounting estimates. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 There have been no material changes in reported market risks from the information reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 34 

ITEM 4 . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Under the direction of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of September 30, 2024. We have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were: 
 
 i) effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and 
 ii) effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our systems and processes to improve such controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, automating manual processes and updating existing systems. 
 
 There were no changes in controls that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 35 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to or aware of any proceedings that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There are numerous factors that affect our business and results of operations, many of which are beyond our control. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed under (i) Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, (ii) Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) Risk Factors in our proxy statement/prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (File No. 333-279438) on June 25, 2024, forming part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4, initially filed by us on May 15, 2024 and declared effective on June 25, 2024. 
 
 In addition to the other information presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully read and consider the disclosure identified in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above, which contain descriptions of significant risks, including those related to the Marel Transaction, that might cause our actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from those currently anticipated or expected. 
 
 A lawsuit was filed in connection with the Marel Transaction and additional lawsuits may be filed against JBT, Marel, the combined company and members of their respective boards of directors that challenge the Marel Transaction. An adverse ruling in any such lawsuit may prevent the Marel Transaction from becoming effective or from becoming effective within the expected timeframe and/or have an adverse impact on the combined company s business and operations. 
 
 Transactions such as the Marel Transaction are frequently subject to litigation or other legal proceedings, including actions alleging disclosure violations and actions alleging that the board of directors of JBT (the JBT Board or the board of directors of Marel breached their respective fiduciary duties to their stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, by entering into the transaction agreement with Marel, by failing to obtain a greater value in the Marel Transaction for their stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, or otherwise. For example, a lawsuit was filed by a purported JBT stockholder alleging that, among other things, the proxy statement mailed to JBT stockholders omits material information concerning the Marel Transaction. In the complaint, which was filed in the Circuit Court of DuPage County, Illinois, and captioned Garfield v. Brasier, et al., No. 2024CH000184, the plaintiff asserted certain disclosure claims under Illinois law and requested, among other things, an injunction against the JBT stockholder vote absent disclosure of additional information to JBT s stockholders. As further described in Item 8.01 of JBT's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2024 (the "Supplemental Disclosures 8-K"), in order to moot the various disclosure claims in the complaint, JBT determined it would voluntarily file certain supplemental disclosures, and as a result, the defendants and the plaintiff in the complaint entered into a memorandum of understanding whereby the plaintiff agreed to voluntarily dismiss with prejudice all claims against the defendants upon JBT's filing of such supplemental disclosures, among other things. Following the filing of the Supplemental Disclosures 8-K, on August 5, 2024, the complaint was dismissed with prejudice. 
 
 In addition, certain purported JBT stockholders have sent Demand Letters making similar allegations of material omissions in the proxy statement. Neither JBT nor Marel can provide assurance that lawsuits will not be filed on the basis of the allegations in the demand letters or that any other litigation or legal proceedings will not be brought. An adverse outcome in such matters, as well as the costs and efforts of a defense, even if successful, could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operation or financial condition of JBT, Marel or the combined company, including through the possible diversion of such company s resources or distraction of key personnel. 
 
 Furthermore, one of the conditions to the completion of the Marel Transaction is the absence of an order by any governmental body that enjoins or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the Marel Transaction. As such, if any plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction preventing the consummation of the Marel Transaction, that injunction may prevent the Marel Transaction from becoming effective or from becoming effective within the expected timeframe. 
 
 If the Marel Transaction is completed, the combined company may be exposed to increased litigation from stockholders, customers, partners, suppliers, contractors and other third parties due to the combination of JBT s and Marel s businesses following the Marel Transaction. Even if such lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and attention. Such litigation or an adverse judgment resulting in monetary 
 36 

damages may have an adverse impact on the combined company s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 The following table includes information about the Company s stock repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024 based on the settlement dates of each share repurchase: 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Program (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Program July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 17.2 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 17.2 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 17.2 17.2 
 
 (1) Shares that may be repurchased under a share repurchase program for up to 30 million of common stock that was authorized by the Board of Directors on December 1, 2021 and is set to expire on December 31, 2024. Shares may be purchased from time to time in open market transactions, subject to market conditions. Repurchased shares become treasury shares, which are accounted for using the cost method and are intended to be used for future awards under the Incentive Compensation Plan. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 37 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Number in Exhibit Table Description 10.1 
 Letter of Assignment, dated July 29, 2024, between the Company and Augusto Rizzolo. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) /15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) /15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Filed herewith. 

38 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 John Bean Technologies Corporation (Registrant) /s/ Jessi L. Corcoran 
 Jessi L. Corcoran 
 Vice President, Corporate Controller and duly authorized officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: October 23, 2024 
 39 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a093024-exhibit101.htm
 EX-10.1

a093024-exhibit101 

Exhibit 10.1 July 22, 2024 Mr. Augusto Rizzolo John Bean Technologies SpA Re: Employment offer Dear Augusto, We are pleased to offer you an assignment in Italy at the offices of John Bean Technologies SpA (the Company) with the terms and conditions set out below. This assignment is subject to your acceptance of the terms and conditions outlined in this letter and Italian government entry documents or visas (where applicable). The following outlines the details of our offer of employment: Position Title: EVP, Integration and President DF H Reports To: Brian Deck - President CEO Hiring site: JBT Parma, Italy Start Date: September 1, 2024 Probation period: Not requested Gross Annual salary: 424.000 (including 13 monthly installment) LOCATION OF EMPLOYMENT The Position will be based at the Company s offices in Parma, Italy, which are currently located at Via Mantova, 63, 43122 Parma PR, Italy. RESPONSIBILITIES The primary role of the assignment is to lead the integration efforts in connection with the merger with Marel hf. as outlined by the executive integration steering committee while continuing to support the Diversified Food Health Division on an ad-hoc basis, as necessary. During working hours, you are required to devote all of your working time and attention to the assignment. You are not permitted to engage in any other employment, consultancy or other business activity without the prior written consent of the Company. You must also not engage in other business activity, whether paid or unpaid which may conflict with your duties as an employee or as an assignee to the Company. You must use your best efforts to promote the Company s interests and welfare. BASE SALARY AND COMPENSATION Your base salary at the commencement of the assignment will be 424,000 per year less appropriate withholding. Potential base salary and other compensation adjustments, if any, will be evaluated in accordance with the global salary review process. Your next salary review will take place in the first quarter of 2025 and annually thereafter. 2/4 EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT This employment is a permanent contract, level Dirigente CCNL Dirigenti Industria. MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN (MIP) You will continue to participate in the JBT Management Incentive Plan (MIP), subject to the terms reflected below. During the term of your assignment your target bonus under the MIP will be 65 of your base salary. Your MIP award will be based on your achievement of predetermined annual performance goals. You will receive the payment of your MIP Award not later than 3 months following completion of the calendar year in which such MIP Award was earned. For 2024, your MIP will be prorated based on DF H Division results through August 31, 2024, and based on corporate results from September 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024. SUCCESS BONUS You will be eligible to receive a success bonus of approximately USD 250,000, less appropriate withholding, if you achieve certain milestones during your assignment. Please see Appendix A for details. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (LTIP) Awards received to date under John Bean Technologies Corporation Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), will continue to vest in accordance with the terms and conditions of the LTIP. During your assignment, you will continue to be eligible to receive awards each year, and your target LTIP annual award will be USD 535,000 (subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors consistent with their rights and duties under the LTIP plan). EXECUTIVE BENEFITS CONTINUATION During this Assignment, your entitlement to the compensation and other benefits under the JBT Change in Control Executive Severance Agreement and the JBT Executive Severance Pay Plan will continue, subject to all of the terms of the relevant agreements. Please see Appendix B and C. HEALTH BENEFITS You will be eligible for the health benefits offered by the Company consistent with the other executives based in your work location. More specifically you will be enrolled in the FASI -Fondo Assistenza Sanitaria Integrativa (Supplementary Health Care Fund) for upper-level Managers, Dirigenti, of industrial companies, for health care purposes, supplementary to the services of the National Health Service. The Fund is financed by contributions from companies (about 2/3) and members (about 1/3). The Fund's supplementary healthcare is also extended to the member's household. During this assignment you and your family members will no longer be entitled to receive health benefits under the U.S. based employee health benefit plans. TAX AND FINANCIAL PLANNING SERVICES As an ELT member you will continue to receive USD 20,000 for tax and financial planning services. 3/4 ASSIGNMENT BONUS You will be paid a one-time assignment bonus of USD 75,000, less appropriate withholding, which will be paid in August 2024. COMPANY CAR You will be eligible for a Company Car according to the local Car Policy guidelines and consistent with the other executives based in your work location. JBT EQUIPMENT JBT will provide you with a mobile phone, laptop, and miscellaneous tools to allow you to work in the office, at home and while traveling. PERSONNEL POLICIES All applicable laws and regulations as well as all policies and procedures of the Company, including the Code of Conduct continue to apply during your assignment. You must always comply with such laws, regulations and procedures during the term of the assignment. All personnel policies and practices of the Company will apply to situations not specifically addressed in this letter. The Company may, at its sole discretion but subject to applicable legal requirements, change policies and procedures concerning your assignment and other aspects of the employment relationship from time to time with reasonable notice and agreement from you. ETHICS CONFIDENTIALITY By accepting this offer you agree to comply with the One JBT Guide to Ethical Conduct and you agree not to divulge any trade or commercial secrets or any other information, which JBT maintains as proprietary and secret in nature. You agree to sign the company Confidentiality and Inventions Agreement and periodically certify your compliance with the One JBT Guide to Ethical Conduct. We strongly believe that you will bring valuable expertise and knowledge to this critical business assignment, and that your association with JBT will in return, provide you with a challenging and rewarding professional experience. ACCEPTANCE This offer is conditional upon you possessing valid passports, visas, licenses, qualifications and/or permits, which are necessary to allow you to work in Italy. Please sign and return the duplicate copy of this letter acknowledging your acceptance. Sincerely, Paolo Pinetti HR EMENA Director /s/ Paolo Pinetti 4/4 Acceptance: /s/ Augusto Rizzolo July 25, 2024 _____________________________________________________ _______________________________ Augusto Rizzolo Date 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a093024-jbtexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian A. Deck, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of John Bean Technologies Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 s Brian A. Deck Brian A. Deck President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a093024-jbtexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew J. Meister, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of John Bean Technologies Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting, to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 s Matthew J. Meister Matthew J. Meister Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a093024-jbtexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian A. Deck, President and Chief Executive Officer of John Bean Technologies Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (a) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 23, 2024 
 s Brian A. Deck Brian A. Deck President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a093024-jbtexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew J. Meister, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of John Bean Technologies Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (a) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 23, 2024 s Matthew J. Meister Matthew J. Meister Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 jbt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 jbt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 jbt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 jbt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 jbt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

