<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_1603145_0001603145-24-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7280175</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103708</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1470822</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2415630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1675134</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1466451</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001603145-24-000025.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023172543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001603145-24-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001603145
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				300818558
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36518
		FILM NUMBER:		241390127

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 UNIVERSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-694-4697

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 UNIVERSE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			JUNO BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NextEra Energy Partners, LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140319

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001603145-24-000025.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 nep-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nep-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission 
 File 
 Number 
 Exact name of registrant as specified in its 
 charter, address of principal executive offices and 
 registrant's telephone number 
 IRS Employer 
 Identification 
 Number 

, 
 ) 
 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. 
 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 
 
 Number of NextEra Energy Partners, LP common units outstanding at September 30, 2024: 

DEFINITIONS 
 
 Acronyms and defined terms used in the text include the following: Term Meaning 2020 convertible notes senior unsecured convertible notes issued in 2020 2021 convertible notes senior unsecured convertible notes issued in 2021 2022 convertible notes senior unsecured convertible notes issued in 2022 2023 Form 10-K NEP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ASA administrative services agreement BLM U.S. Bureau of Land Management CSCS agreement amended and restated cash sweep and credit support agreement Genesis Holdings Genesis Solar Holdings, LLC IDR fee certain payments from NEP OpCo to NEE Management as a component of the MSA which are based on the achievement by NEP OpCo of certain target quarterly distribution levels to its unitholders IPP independent power producer limited partner interest in NEP OpCo 
 limited partner interest in NEP OpCo's common units Management's Discussion Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MSA Fourth Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement among NEP, NEE Management, NEP OpCo and NEP OpCo GP MW megawatt(s) MWh megawatt-hour(s) NEE NextEra Energy, Inc. NEECH NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. NEE Equity NextEra Energy Equity Partners, LP NEE Management NextEra Energy Management Partners, LP NEER NextEra Energy Resources, LLC NEP NextEra Energy Partners, LP NEP GP NextEra Energy Partners GP, Inc. NEP OpCo NextEra Energy Operating Partners, LP NEP OpCo credit facility senior secured revolving credit facility of NEP OpCo and its direct subsidiary NEP OpCo GP NextEra Energy Operating Partners GP, LLC NEP Pipelines NextEra Energy Partners Pipelines, LLC NEP Renewables II NEP Renewables II, LLC NEP Renewables III NEP Renewables III, LLC NEP Renewables IV NEP Renewables IV, LLC NOLs net operating losses Note __ Note __ to condensed consolidated financial statements O M operations and maintenance PPA power purchase agreement PTC production tax credit SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Silver State Silver State South Solar, LLC Texas pipelines natural gas pipeline assets located in Texas U.S. United States of America VIE variable interest entity 
 
 Each of NEP and NEP OpCo has subsidiaries and affiliates with names that may include NextEra Energy, NextEra Energy Partners and similar references. For convenience and simplicity, in this report, the terms NEP and NEP OpCo are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific subsidiaries, affiliates or groups of subsidiaries or affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context. Discussions of NEP's ownership of subsidiaries and projects refers to its controlling interest in the general partner of NEP OpCo and NEP's indirect interest in and control over the subsidiaries of NEP OpCo. See Note 7 for a description of the noncontrolling interest in NEP OpCo. References to NEP's projects generally include NEP's consolidated subsidiaries and the projects in which NEP has equity method investments. References to NEP's pipeline investment refers to its equity method investment in contracted natural gas assets. 
 
 NEE, NEECH and NEER each has subsidiaries and affiliates with names that may include NextEra Energy, NextEra Energy Resources, NextEra and similar references. For convenience and simplicity, in this report the terms NEE, NEECH and NEER are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific subsidiaries, affiliates or groups of subsidiaries or affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context. 
 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. Definitions 
 2 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 31 
 Signatures 
 32 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Any statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, strategies, future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as may result, are expected to, will continue, anticipate, believe, will, could, should, would, estimated, may, plan, potential, future, projection, goals, target, outlook, predict and intend or words of similar meaning) are not statements of historical facts and may be forward looking. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties. Accordingly, any such statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are accompanied by, the following important factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on NEP's operations and financial results, and could cause NEP's actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NEP in this Form 10-Q, in presentations, on its website, in response to questions or otherwise. 
 
 Performance Risks 
 NEP's ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders is affected by the performance of its renewable energy projects which could be impacted by wind and solar conditions and in certain circumstances by market prices. 
 Operation and maintenance of renewable energy projects and pipelines involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages, reduced output or capacity, property damage, personal injury or loss of life. 
 NEP's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions and related impacts, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather. 
 NEP depends on certain of the renewable energy projects and the investment in pipeline assets in its portfolio for a substantial portion of its anticipated cash flows. 
 The repowering of renewable energy projects requires up-front capital expenditures and could expose NEP to project development risks. 
 Geopolitical factors, terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events could impact NEP's projects, pipeline investment or surrounding areas and adversely affect its business. 
 The ability of NEP to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. NEP's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses. 
 NEP relies on interconnection and transmission and other pipeline facilities of third parties to deliver energy from its renewable energy projects and to transport natural gas to and from its pipeline investment. If these facilities become unavailable, NEP's projects and pipeline investment may not be able to operate or deliver energy or may become partially or fully unavailable to transport natural gas. 
 NEP's business is subject to liabilities and operating restrictions arising from environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, compliance with which may require significant capital expenditures, increase NEP's cost of operations and affect or limit its business plans. 
 NEP's renewable energy projects and pipeline investment may be adversely affected by new or revised laws or regulations, interpretations of these laws and regulations or a failure to comply with current applicable energy and pipeline regulations. 
 NEP does not own all of the land on which the projects in its portfolio are located and its use and enjoyment of the property may be adversely affected to the extent that there are any lienholders or land rights holders that have rights that are superior to NEP's rights or the BLM suspends its federal rights-of-way grants. 
 NEP is subject to risks associated with litigation or administrative proceedings. 
 NEP is subject to risks associated with its ownership interests in projects that it identifies for repowering, which could result in its inability to complete construction at those projects on time or at all, and make those projects too expensive to complete or cause the return on an investment to be less than expected. 
 
 Contract Risks 
 NEP relies on a limited number of customers and is exposed to the risk that they may be unwilling or unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to NEP or that they otherwise terminate their agreements with NEP. 
 NEP or its pipeline investment may not be able to extend, renew or replace expiring or terminated PPAs, natural gas transportation agreements or other customer contracts at favorable rates or on a long-term basis. 
 If the energy production by or availability of NEP's renewable energy projects is less than expected, they may not be able to satisfy minimum production or availability obligations under their PPAs. 
 
 Acquisition Risks 
 NEP's ability to acquire assets involves risks. 
 Reductions in demand for natural gas in the U.S. and low market prices of natural gas could materially adversely affect NEP's pipeline investment's operations and cash flows. 
 Government laws, regulations and policies providing incentives and subsidies for clean energy could be changed, reduced or eliminated at any time and such changes may negatively impact NEP and its ability to make acquisitions. 
 NEP's ability to acquire projects depends on the availability of projects developed by NEE and third parties, which face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, the environment, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements. 
 Acquisitions of existing clean energy projects involve numerous risks. 
 4 

NEP may acquire assets that use other renewable energy technologies and may acquire other types of assets. Any such acquisition may present unforeseen challenges and result in a competitive disadvantage relative to NEP's more-established competitors. 
 Certain agreements which NEP or its subsidiaries are parties to have provisions which may preclude NEP from engaging in specified change of control and similar transactions. 
 NEP faces substantial competition primarily from regulated utility holding companies, developers, IPPs, pension funds and private equity funds for opportunities in North America. 
 The natural gas pipeline industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect NEP's pipeline investment. 
 
 Risks Related to NEP's Financial Activities 
 NEP may not be able to access sources of capital on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Restrictions in NEP and its subsidiaries' financing agreements could adversely affect NEP's business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders. 
 NEP may be unable to maintain its current credit ratings. 
 NEP's cash distributions to its unitholders may be reduced as a result of restrictions on NEP's subsidiaries cash distributions to NEP under the terms of their indebtedness or other financing agreements or otherwise to address alternative business purposes. 
 NEP's and its subsidiaries substantial amount of indebtedness may adversely affect NEP's ability to operate its business, and its failure to comply with the terms of its subsidiaries' indebtedness or refinance, extend or repay the indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on NEP's financial condition. 
 NEP is exposed to risks inherent in its use of interest rate swaps. 
 Widespread public health crises and epidemics or pandemics may have material adverse impacts on NEP s business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to grow its business and make cash distributions to its unitholders. 
 
 Risks Related to NEP's Relationship with NEE 
 NEE has influence over NEP. 
 Under the CSCS agreement, NEP receives credit support from NEE and its affiliates. NEP's subsidiaries may default under contracts or become subject to cash sweeps if credit support is terminated, if NEE or its affiliates fail to honor their obligations under credit support arrangements, or if NEE or another credit support provider ceases to satisfy creditworthiness requirements, and NEP will be required in certain circumstances to reimburse NEE for draws that are made on credit support. 
 NEER and certain of its affiliates are permitted to borrow funds received by NEP OpCo or its subsidiaries and is obligated to return these funds only as needed to cover project costs and distributions or as demanded by NEP OpCo. NEP's financial condition and ability to make distributions to its unitholders, as well as its ability to grow distributions in the future, is highly dependent on NEER s performance of its obligations to return all or a portion of these funds. 
 NEER's right of first refusal may adversely affect NEP's ability to consummate future sales or to obtain favorable sale terms. 
 NEP GP and its affiliates may have conflicts of interest with NEP and have limited duties to NEP and its unitholders. 
 NEP GP and its affiliates and the directors and officers of NEP are not restricted in their ability to compete with NEP, whose business is subject to certain restrictions. 
 NEP may only terminate the MSA under certain limited circumstances. 
 If certain agreements with NEE Management or NEER are terminated, NEP may be unable to contract with a substitute service provider on similar terms. 
 NEP's arrangements with NEE limit NEE's potential liability, and NEP has agreed to indemnify NEE against claims that it may face in connection with such arrangements, which may lead NEE to assume greater risks when making decisions relating to NEP than it otherwise would if acting solely for its own account. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of NEP's Units 
 NEP's ability to make distributions to its unitholders depends on the ability of NEP OpCo to make cash distributions to its limited partners. 
 If NEP incurs material tax liabilities, NEP's distributions to its unitholders may be reduced, without any corresponding reduction in the amount of the IDR fee, which is currently suspended. 
 Holders of NEP's units may be subject to voting restrictions. 
 NEP's partnership agreement replaces the fiduciary duties that NEP GP and NEP's directors and officers might have to holders of its common units with contractual standards governing their duties and the New York Stock Exchange does not require a publicly traded limited partnership like NEP to comply with certain of its corporate governance requirements. 
 NEP's partnership agreement restricts the remedies available to holders of NEP's common units for actions taken by NEP's directors or NEP GP that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duties. 
 Certain of NEP's actions require the consent of NEP GP. 
 Holders of NEP's common units currently cannot remove NEP GP without NEE's consent and provisions in NEP's partnership agreement may discourage or delay an acquisition of NEP that NEP unitholders may consider favorable. 
 NEE's interest in NEP GP and the control of NEP GP may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. 
 5 

Reimbursements and fees owed to NEP GP and its affiliates for services provided to NEP or on NEP's behalf will reduce cash distributions from NEP OpCo and from NEP to NEP's unitholders, and there are no limits on the amount that NEP OpCo may be required to pay. 
 Increases in interest rates could adversely impact the price of NEP's common units, NEP's ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and NEP's ability to make cash distributions to its unitholders. 
 The liability of holders of NEP's units, which represent limited partnership interests in NEP, may not be limited if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of NEP's business. 
 Unitholders may have liability to repay distributions that were wrongfully distributed to them. 
 The issuance of common units, or other limited partnership interests, or securities convertible into, or settleable with, common units, and any subsequent conversion or settlement, will dilute common unitholders ownership in NEP, may decrease the amount of cash available for distribution for each common unit, will impact the relative voting strength of outstanding NEP common units and issuance of such securities, or the possibility of issuance of such securities, as well as the resale, or possible resale following conversion or settlement, may result in a decline in the market price for NEP's common units . 
 
 Taxation Risks 
 NEP's future tax liability may be greater than expected if NEP does not generate NOLs sufficient to offset taxable income or if tax authorities challenge certain of NEP's tax positions. 
 NEP's ability to use NOLs to offset future income may be limited. 
 NEP will not have complete control over NEP's tax decisions. 
 Distributions to unitholders may be taxable as dividends. 
 
 These factors should be read together with the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2023 Form 10-K and investors should refer to that section of the 2023 Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and NEP undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including, but not limited to, unanticipated events, after the date on which such statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement. 
 
 Website Access to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Filings. NEP makes its SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, available free of charge on NEP's internet website, www.nexteraenergypartners.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information and materials available on NEP's website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-Q. 
 
 6 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 (millions, except per unit amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 OPERATING REVENUES (a) 
 OPERATING EXPENSES Operations and maintenance (b) 
 Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income taxes and other net Total operating expenses net GAINS ON DISPOSAL OF BUSINESSES/ASSETS NET OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME (DEDUCTIONS) Interest expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings of equity method investees Equity in earnings of non-economic ownership interests Other net Total other income (deductions) net ) ) ) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) INCOME TAXES INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ) ) INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, net of tax expense of million and million, respectively 
 NET INCOME (LOSS) (c) 
 ) NET LOSS (INCOME) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NEP 
 ) Earnings (loss) per common unit attributable to NEP basic and assuming dilution: 
 From continuing operations From discontinued operations Earnings (loss) per common unit attributable to NEP basic and assuming dilution 
 
 ____________________ 
 (a) million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (b) million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (c) million of other comprehensive income related to equity method investees, which was primarily attributable to noncontrolling interests. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, NEP recognized less than million and million, respectively, of other comprehensive income related to equity method investees, which was primarily attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

This report should be read in conjunction with the Notes herein and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 7 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Other receivables Due from related parties Inventory Other Total current assets Other assets: Property, plant and equipment net Intangible assets PPAs net Goodwill Investments in equity method investees Other Total other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related parties Current portion of long-term debt Accrued interest Accrued property taxes Other Total current liabilities Other liabilities and deferred credits: Long-term debt Asset retirement obligations Due to related parties Intangible liabilities PPAs net 
 Other Total other liabilities and deferred credits TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Noncontrolling interests TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

This report should be read in conjunction with the Notes herein and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 8 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (millions) 
 (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Intangible amortization PPAs Change in value of derivative contracts 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of distributions received ) Equity in earnings of non-economic ownership interests, net of distributions received ) ) Gains on disposal of businesses/assets net ) Other net 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Current assets ) ) Noncurrent assets 
 ) ) Current liabilities 
 Noncurrent liabilities 
 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Acquisition of membership interests in subsidiaries net ) Capital expenditures and other investments 
 ) ) Proceeds from sale of a business Payments from related parties under CSCS agreement net Reimbursements from related parties for capital expenditures Other net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of common units net Issuances of long-term debt, including premiums and discounts 
 Retirements of long-term debt 
 ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Partner contributions 
 Partner distributions 
 ) ) Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Proceeds on sale of differential membership interests Proceeds from differential membership investors 
 Payments to differential membership investors 
 ) ) Change in amounts due to related parties 
 ) ) Other net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash received for income taxes net ) ) Change in noncash investments in non-economic ownership interests net 
 Accrued property additions 

This report should be read in conjunction with the Notes herein and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 9 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Common Units Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Units Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balances, June 30, 2024 
 ) Issuance of common units net 
 Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Related party contributions Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) Other differential membership investment activity Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Distributions to unitholders (a) 
 ) ) Other net ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) 
 _________________________ 
 (a) were paid during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Common Units Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Units Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common units net 
 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Related party note receivable Related party contributions 
 Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) Changes in non-economic ownership interests Other differential membership investment activity Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Distributions to unitholders (a) 
 ) ) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Other net ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) 
 _________________________ 
 (a) were paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

This report should be read in conjunction with the Notes herein and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 10 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Common Units Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Units Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Non-controlling Interests Balances, June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) Other differential membership investment activity ) Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Distributions to unitholders (a) 
 ) ) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Other net ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 _____________________________ 
 (a) were paid during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Common Units Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Units Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Non-controlling Interests Balances, December 31, 2022 
 ) Issuance of common units net (a)(b) 
 Acquisition of subsidiaries with differential membership interests Acquisition of subsidiary with noncontrolling ownership interest Net income (loss) ) Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) Changes in non-economic ownership interests Other differential membership investment activity ) Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Distributions to unitholders (c) 
 ) ) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Other net ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 _____________________________ 
 (a) million. See Note 9 Common Unit Issuances. 
 (b) million. 
 (c) were paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

This report should be read in conjunction with the Notes herein and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 11 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the 2023 Form 10-K. In the opinion of NEP management, all adjustments considered necessary for fair financial statement presentation have been made. All adjustments are normal and recurring unless otherwise noted. Certain amounts included in the prior year's condensed consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation, including presentation of discontinued operations as discussed in Note 2. The results of operations for an interim period generally will not give a true indication of results for the year. 

1. 
 
 wind and solar generation facilities with a combined generating capacity totaling approximately MW located in various states across the U.S. 
 
 Supplemental Unaudited Pro forma Results of Operations 
 
 Pro forma operating income 
 Pro forma net income 
 Pro forma net income attributable to NEP 

The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated results of operations include adjustments to: 
 
 reflect the historical results of the business acquired had the 2023 acquisition been completed on January 1, 2022 assuming consistent operating performance over all periods; 
 reflect the estimated depreciation and amortization expense based on the estimated fair value of property, plant and equipment net, intangible assets PPAs net and intangible liabilities PPAs net; 
 reflect assumed interest expense related to funding the acquisition; and 
 reflect related income tax effects. 
 
 The unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred had the transaction been completed on January 1, 2022 or the future results of the condensed consolidated operations. 

2. 

12 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 OPERATING EXPENSES Operations and maintenance (b) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Taxes other than income taxes and other 
 Total operating expenses net 
 OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME (DEDUCTIONS) Interest expense ) ) Equity in earnings of equity method investees Other net ) ) Total other income (deductions) net ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAXES INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (c) 
 _____________________________ 
 (a) Represents service revenues earned under gas transportation agreements. Includes related party revenues of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 (b) Includes related party amounts of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 (c) Includes net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of approximately million and million, respectively. Income tax expense attributable to noncontrolling interests is less than million for both periods presented. 
 
 NEP has elected not to separately disclose discontinued operations on its condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Change in value of derivative contracts Deferred income taxes Capital expenditures and other investments ) 

3. 
 
 million and million, respectively. NEP s operating revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are revenue from contracts with customers for renewable energy sales of approximately million and million, respectively, and revenue from contracts with customers for natural gas transportation services, all of which is included in income from discontinued operations, of million and million, respectively. NEP's accounts receivable are associated with revenues earned from contracts with customers. Receivables represent unconditional rights to consideration and reflect the differences in timing of revenue recognition and cash collections. For substantially all of NEP's receivables, customer and counterparty credit risk is managed in the same manner and the terms and conditions of payment are similar. 
 13 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

million of revenues related to the fixed price components of one PPA through 2039 as the energy is delivered. 

4. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net notional amounts of the interest rate contracts were approximately billion and billion, respectively. All changes in commodity contract derivatives' fair value are recognized in operating revenues in NEP's condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, NEP had derivative commodity contracts for power with net notional volumes of approximately million and million MWh, respectively. Cash flows from the interest rate and commodity contracts are reported in cash flows from operating activities in NEP's condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 

14 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 Commodity contracts ) Total derivative assets Liabilities: Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts ) Total derivative liabilities Net fair value by balance sheet line item: Current other assets 
 Noncurrent other assets 
 Total derivative assets Current other liabilities Noncurrent other liabilities Total derivative liabilities ____________________ 
 (a) Includes the effect of the contractual ability to settle contracts under master netting arrangements. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Netting (a) 
 Total (millions) Assets: Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Total derivative assets Liabilities: Interest rate contracts Commodity contracts Total derivative liabilities Net fair value by balance sheet line item: Current other assets 
 Noncurrent other assets 
 Total derivative assets Current other liabilities Noncurrent other liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Includes the effect of the contractual ability to settle contracts under master netting arrangements. 
 
 15 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 ) Interest rate contracts income from discontinued operations Commodity contracts operating revenues ) 
 
 Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features Certain of NEP's derivative instruments contain credit-related cross-default and material adverse change triggers, none of which contain requirements to maintain certain credit ratings or financial ratios. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value of NEP's derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position was approximately million and million, respectively. 

5. 

Financial Instruments Recorded at Other than Fair Value 

____________________ 
 (a) At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately million and million, respectively, of the fair value is estimated using a market approach based on quoted market prices for the same or similar issues (Level 2); the balance is estimated using an income approach utilizing a discounted cash flow valuation technique, considering the current credit profile of the debtor (Level 3). At September 30, 2024, approximately million of the fair value relates to the 2020 convertible notes and the 2022 convertible notes and is Level 2. At December 31, 2023, approximately million of the fair value relates to the 2020 convertible notes, the 2021 convertible notes and the 2022 convertible notes and is Level 2. 

6. 
 and , respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were and ) , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate for continuing operations is below the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax expense attributable to noncontrolling interests of approximately million and state tax expense of million, partly offset by tax benefit attributable to PTCs of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate for continuing operations is above the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax expense attributable to noncontrolling interests of approximately million and state tax expense of million, partly offset by tax benefit attributable to PTCs of million. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate for continuing operations is above the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to state tax expense of approximately million and tax expense attributable to noncontrolling interests of million, partly offset by tax benefit attributable to PTCs of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate for continuing operations is below the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax expense attributable to noncontrolling interests of approximately million and state tax expense of million, partly offset by tax benefit attributable to PTCs of million. 
 
 16 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 7. 
 
 limited partner interest in NEP OpCo and NEE Equity owned a noncontrolling limited partner interest in NEP OpCo. The assets and liabilities of NEP OpCo as well as the operations of NEP OpCo represent substantially all of NEP's assets and liabilities and its operations. 
 
 In addition, at September 30, 2024, NEP OpCo consolidated VIEs related to certain subsidiaries which have sold differential membership interests (see Note 11 Noncontrolling Interests) in entities which own and operate wind generation facilities as well as solar projects, including related battery storage facilities, and stand-alone battery storage facility. These entities are considered VIEs because the holders of the differential membership interests do not have substantive rights over the significant activities of these entities. The assets, primarily property, plant and equipment net, and liabilities, primarily accounts payable and accrued expenses and asset retirement obligations, of the VIEs, totaled approximately million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, there were VIEs and the assets and liabilities of those VIEs totaled approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, NEP OpCo also consolidated VIEs related to the sales of noncontrolling Class B interests in certain NEP subsidiaries (see Note 11 Noncontrolling Interests) which have ownership interests in and operate wind and solar facilities with a combined net generating capacity of approximately MW and battery storage capacity of MW, as well as ownership interests in natural gas pipeline assets (Class B VIEs). These entities are considered VIEs because the holders of the noncontrolling Class B membership interests do not have substantive rights over the significant activities of the entities. The assets, primarily property, plant and equipment net, intangible assets PPAs and investments in equity method investees, and the liabilities, primarily accounts payable and accrued expenses, long-term debt, intangible liabilities PPAs, noncurrent other liabilities and asset retirement obligations, of the VIEs totaled approximately million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. Certain of the Class B VIEs include other VIEs related to NEP's ownership interests in Rosmar Holdings, LLC, Silver State, Meade Pipeline Co LLC (Meade), Pine Brooke Class A Holdings, LLC, Star Moon Holdings, LLC (Star Moon Holdings) and Emerald Breeze Holdings, LLC (Emerald Breeze). In addition, certain of the Class B VIEs contain entities which have sold differential membership interests and approximately million and million of assets and million and million of liabilities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are also included in the disclosure of the VIEs related to differential membership interests above. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, NEP OpCo consolidated Sunlight Renewables Holdings, LLC (Sunlight Renewables Holdings) which is a VIE. The assets, primarily property, plant and equipment net, and the liabilities, primarily accounts payable and accrued expenses, asset retirement obligation and noncurrent other liabilities, of the VIE totaled approximately million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. This VIE contains entities which have sold differential membership interests and approximately million and million of assets and million and million of liabilities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are also included in the disclosure of VIEs related to differential membership interests above. 
 
 Certain subsidiaries of NEP OpCo have noncontrolling interests in entities accounted for under the equity method that are considered VIEs. 
 
 NEP has an indirect equity method investment in NEER solar projects with a total generating capacity of MW and battery storage capacity of MW. Through a series of transactions, a subsidiary of NEP issued NEP OpCo Class B Units, Series 1 and NEP OpCo Class B Units, Series 2, to NEER for approximately of the ownership interests in the solar projects (non-economic ownership interests). NEER, as holder of the NEP OpCo Class B Units, will retain of the economic rights in the projects to which the respective Class B Units relate, including the right to all distributions paid by the project subsidiaries that own the projects to NEP OpCo. NEER has agreed to indemnify NEP against all risks relating to NEP s ownership of the projects until NEER offers to sell economic interests to NEP and NEP accepts such offer, if NEP chooses to do so. NEER has also agreed to continue to manage the operation of the projects at its own cost, and to contribute to the projects any capital necessary for the operation of the projects, until NEER offers to sell economic interests to NEP and NEP accepts such offer. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, NEP's equity method investment related to the non-economic ownership interests of approximately million and million, respectively, is reflected as noncurrent other assets on NEP's condensed consolidated balance sheets. All equity in earnings of the non-economic ownership interests is allocated to net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. NEP is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate these entities because it does not control any of the ongoing activities of these entities, was not involved in the initial design of these entities and does not have a controlling interest in these entities. 
 
 17 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 8. 

(a) 
 July 2024 August 2024 
 NEP OpCo credit facility Variable (b) 
 (c) 
 2029 

(a) See Note 10 Related Party Long-Term Debt. 
 (b) Variable rate is based on an underlying index plus a margin. 
 (c) At September 30, 2024, approximately million of borrowings were outstanding. Approximately million of the outstanding borrowings have a maturity date in 2025 and an additional million have a maturity date in 2028. 
 
 In February 2024, the loan parties extended the maturity date from February 2028 to February 2029 for substantially all of the NEP OpCo credit facility. 
 
 In May 2024, as a result of NEP's distribution to common unitholders on May 15, 2024, the conversion ratio of NEP's 2022 convertible notes was adjusted. At September 30, 2024, the conversion rate, which is subject to certain adjustments, was NEP common units per 1,000 of the 2022 convertible notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per NEP common unit. At September 30, 2024, the 2022 capped call options have a strike price of and a cap price of , subject to certain adjustments. In August 2024, as a result of NEP's distribution to common unitholders on August 14, 2024, the conversion ratio of NEP's 2020 convertible notes was adjusted. At September 30, 2024, the conversion rate, which is subject to certain adjustments, was NEP common units per 1,000 of the 2020 convertible notes, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per NEP common unit. At September 30, 2024, the 2020 capped call options have a strike price of and a cap price of , subject to certain adjustments. 
 
 In June 2024, the million principal amount of NEP's 2021 convertible notes were repaid at maturity. In July 2024, NEP OpCo repaid million principal amount of senior unsecured notes due July 2024. In September 2024, NEP OpCo repaid million principal amount of senior unsecured notes due September 2024. 
 
 NEP OpCo and its subsidiaries' secured long-term debt agreements are secured by liens on certain assets and contain provisions which, under certain conditions, could restrict the payment of distributions or related party fee payments. At September 30, 2024, NEP and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all financial debt covenants under their financings. 

9. 
 
 per common unit payable on November 14, 2024 to its common unitholders of record on November 6, 2024. NEP anticipates an adjustment to the conversion ratio for each of the 2020 convertible notes and the 2022 convertible notes under the related indentures, subject to certain carryforward provisions in the indentures. Adjustments will be computed using the last reported sale price of NEP's units on the day before the ex-distribution date for the distribution. 
 
 Earnings Per Unit Diluted earnings per unit is calculated based on the weighted-average number of common units and potential common units outstanding during the period, including the dilutive effect of convertible notes. During the periods with dilution, the dilutive effect of the outstanding convertible notes is calculated using the if-converted method. 
 
 18 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) From discontinued operations basic and assuming dilution Net income attributable to NEP Denominator: Weighted-average number of common units outstanding basic Dilutive effect of convertible notes (a) 
 Weighted-average number of common units outstanding assuming dilution Earnings per common unit attributable to NEP basic and assuming dilution: From continuing operations From discontinued operations Earnings per common unit attributable to NEP basic and assuming dilution 
 
 (a) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the 2022 convertible notes and the 2020 convertible notes were antidilutive, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the 2021 convertible notes were also antidilutive, and as such were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per unit. See Note 8 regarding the repayment of the 2021 convertible notes. 
 
 ATM Program During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, NEP did not issue any common units under its at-the-market equity issuance program (ATM program). During the three months ended September 30, 2023, NEP did not issue any common units under its ATM program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, NEP issued approximately million common units under the ATM program for gross proceeds of million. Fees related to the ATM program were approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Common Unit Issuances During the three months ended September 30, 2023, NEE Equity did not exchange any NEP OpCo common units for NEP common units. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, NEP issued approximately million NEP common units upon NEE Equity's exchange of NEP OpCo common units on a one-for-one basis. 
 
 Class B Noncontrolling Interests In 2019, a subsidiary of NEP sold Class B membership interests in NEP Renewables II to a third-party investor. In June 2024, NEP exercised its buyout right and purchased of the originally issued Class B membership interests in NEP Renewables II for approximately million which brings the total buyout to date to of the originally issued Class B membership interests in NEP Renewables II. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, NEP recognized approximately million of other comprehensive income related to an equity method investee. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, NEP recognized less than million and million, respectively, of other comprehensive income related to an equity method investee. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, NEP's accumulated other comprehensive loss totaled approximately million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was attributable to noncontrolling interest and million and million, respectively, was attributable to NEP. 

10. 
 
 19 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

of the sum of NEP OpCo s net income plus interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization expense less certain non-cash, non-recurring items for the most recently ended fiscal year and million (as adjusted for inflation beginning in 2016), which is paid in quarterly installments with an additional payment each January to the extent of the sum of NEP OpCo s net income plus interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization expense less certain non-cash, non-recurring items for the preceding fiscal year exceeds million (as adjusted for inflation beginning in 2016). NEP OpCo also made certain payments to NEE based on the achievement by NEP OpCo of certain target quarterly distribution levels to its unitholders. In May 2023, the MSA was amended to suspend these payments to be paid by NEP OpCo in respect to each calendar quarter beginning with the payment related to the period commencing on (and including) January 1, 2023 and expiring on (and including) December 31, 2026. NEP s O M expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include approximately million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 include million and million, respectively, related to the MSA. 
 
 Cash Sweep and Credit Support Agreement NEP OpCo is a party to the CSCS agreement with NEER under which NEER and certain of its affiliates provide credit support in the form of letters of credit and guarantees to satisfy NEP s subsidiaries contractual obligations. NEP OpCo pays NEER an annual credit support fee based on the level and cost of the credit support provided, payable in quarterly installments. NEP s O M expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include approximately million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 include million and million, respectively, related to the CSCS agreement. 
 
 NEER and certain of its affiliates may withdraw funds (Project Sweeps) from NEP OpCo under the CSCS agreement or NEP OpCo's subsidiaries in connection with certain long-term debt agreements, and hold those funds in accounts belonging to NEER or its affiliates to the extent the funds are not required to pay project costs or otherwise required to be maintained by NEP's subsidiaries. NEER and its affiliates may keep the funds until the financing agreements permit distributions to be made, or, in the case of NEP OpCo, until such funds are required to make distributions or to pay expenses or other operating costs or NEP OpCo otherwise demands the return of such funds. If NEER or its affiliates fail to return withdrawn funds when required by NEP OpCo's subsidiaries financing agreements, the lenders will be entitled to draw on any credit support provided by NEER or its affiliates in the amount of such withdrawn funds. If NEER or one of its affiliates realizes any earnings on the withdrawn funds prior to the return of such funds, it will be permitted to retain those earnings, and will not pay interest on the withdrawn funds except as otherwise agreed upon with NEP OpCo. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the cash sweep amounts held in accounts belonging to NEER or its affiliates were approximately million and million, respectively, and are included in due from related parties on NEP's condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, NEP recorded interest income of approximately million and million, respectively, due from NEER for cash sweep amounts held relating to proceeds from the sale of the Texas pipelines (see Note 2), which is reflected in other net on the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 Guarantees and Letters of Credit Entered into by Related Parties Certain PPAs include requirements of the project entities to meet certain performance obligations. NEECH or NEER has provided letters of credit or guarantees for certain of these performance obligations and payment of any obligations from the transactions contemplated by the PPAs . In addition, certain financing agreements require cash and cash equivalents to be reserved for various purposes . In accordance with the terms of these financing agreements, guarantees from NEECH have been substituted in place of these cash and cash equivalents reserve requirements. Also, under certain financing agreements, indemnifications have been provided by NEECH. In addition, certain interconnection agreements and site certificates require letters of credit or a surety bond to secure certain payment or restoration obligations related to those agreements. NEECH also guarantees the Project Sweep amounts held in accounts belonging to NEER, as described above. At September 30, 2024, NEECH or NEER guaranteed or provided indemnifications, letters of credit or surety bonds totaling approximately billion related to these obligations. 
 
 Related Party Long-Term Debt In connection with the December 2022 acquisition from NEER of Emerald Breeze, a subsidiary of NEP acquired a note payable from a subsidiary of NEER relating to restricted cash reserve funds put in place for certain operational costs at the project based on a requirement of the differential membership investor. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the note payable was approximately million and million, respectively and is included in long-term debt on NEP's condensed consolidated balance sheets. The note payable does not bear interest and does not have a maturity date. 
 
 20 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 million and million, respectively, in revenues related to the transportation and fuel management agreements which are reflected in income from discontinued operations on the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 Tax Allocations In March 2024, NEE Equity, as holder of the Class P units, was allocated for the 2023 tax year taxable gains for U.S. federal income tax purposes of approximately million from the transaction specified in the limited partnership agreement of NEP OpCo, which will decrease each of NEP's deferred tax liabilities investment in partnership and deferred tax assets net operating loss carryforwards by million. See Note 2. 

11. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of restricted cash included in current other assets on NEP's condensed consolidated balance sheets. Restricted cash at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is primarily related to an operating cash reserve. Restricted cash reported as current assets are recorded as such based on the anticipated use of these funds. 
 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment net 
 
 million are reported in the cash received for income taxes net within the supplemental disclosures of cash flow information on NEP's condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 noncontrolling interest in NEP OpCo, NEER's noncontrolling ownership interest in Silver State, NEER's noncontrolling interest in Sunlight Renewables Holdings, NEER's noncontrolling interest in Emerald Breeze, a third-party's interest in Star Moon Holdings and the non-economic ownership interests. The impact of the net income (loss) attributable to the differential membership interests and the Class B noncontrolling ownership interests are allocated to NEE Equity's noncontrolling ownership interest and the net income attributable to NEP based on the respective ownership percentage of NEP OpCo. 
 
 21 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (unaudited) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Related party contributions Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) ) Differential membership investment contributions, net of distributions and buyouts Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors 
 ) ) Other net 
 Balances, September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balances, December 31, 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Related party note receivable Related party contributions 
 Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) ) Changes in non-economic ownership interests Differential membership investment contributions, net of distributions and buyouts Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors 
 ) ) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Other net 
 ) Balances, September 30, 2024 
 
 (a) Primarily reflects NEE Equity's noncontrolling interest in NEP OpCo and NEER's noncontrolling interests in Silver State, Sunlight Renewables Holdings and Emerald Breeze. 

22 

NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Concluded) 
 (unaudited) 

 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) ) ) Differential membership investment contributions, net of distributions 
 Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interests Other net 
 ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balances, December 31, 2022 
 Acquisition of subsidiaries with differential membership interests 
 Acquisition of subsidiary with noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions, primarily to related parties ) ) ) Changes in non-economic ownership interests 
 Differential membership investment contributions, net of distributions 
 Payments to Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Sale of differential membership interest Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors ) ) Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interests Other net 
 ) Balances, September 30, 2023 
 
 (a) Primarily reflects NEE Equity's noncontrolling interest in NEP OpCo and NEER's noncontrolling interests in Silver State, Sunlight Renewables Holdings and Emerald Breeze. 
 
 MW wind project located in Barnes County, North Dakota for approximately million. Approximately million of the cash proceeds from the sale were distributed to the third-party owner of Class B membership interests in NEP Renewables II. 
 
 23 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 
 NEP is a growth-oriented limited partnership with a strategy that emphasizes acquiring, managing and owning contracted clean energy assets with stable long-term cash flows with a focus on renewable energy projects. NEP consolidates the results of NEP OpCo and its subsidiaries through its controlling interest in the general partner of NEP OpCo. At September 30, 2024, NEP owned an approximately 48.6 limited partner interest in NEP OpCo and NEE Equity owned a noncontrolling 51.4 limited partner interest in NEP OpCo. Through NEP OpCo, NEP owns, or has partial ownership interest in, a portfolio of contracted renewable energy assets consisting of wind, solar and solar-plus-storage projects and a stand-alone battery storage project, as well as a pipeline investment. NEP's financial results are shown on a consolidated basis with financial results attributable to NEE Equity reflected in noncontrolling interests. 
 
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Notes contained herein and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing in the 2023 Form 10-K. The results of operations for an interim period generally will not give a true indication of results for the year. In the following discussions, all comparisons are with the corresponding items in the prior year period. 
 
 In January 2023, NEP completed the sale of a 62 MW wind project located in North Dakota. See Note 11 Disposal of Wind Project. In March 2023, in connection with the December 2022 acquisition from NEER, a wind generation facility with a net generating capacity of approximately 54 MW was transferred to a subsidiary of NEP. In June 2023, an indirect subsidiary of NEP completed the acquisition of ownership interests in a portfolio of wind and solar generation facilities with a combined net generating capacity totaling approximately 688 MW from NEER (see Note 1). In July 2023, Yellow Pine Solar, a 125 MW solar generation and 65 MW storage facility in Nevada, which was part of the December 2022 acquisition from NEER, achieved commercial operations. In December 2023, NEP sold its Texas pipelines which has been presented as discontinued operations (see Note 2). NEP is evaluating options relating to the potential sale of its ownership interest in Meade, including Meade s ownership interest in the Central Penn Line. NEP accounts for the investment under the equity method of accounting and the investment has a carrying value of approximately 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024. NEP is monitoring the carrying value of its investment in relation to the potential sale price. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (millions) 
 OPERATING REVENUES 
 319 308 936 847 OPERATING EXPENSES Operations and maintenance 128 121 389 390 Depreciation and amortization 138 136 412 385 Taxes other than income taxes and other net 18 19 55 48 Total operating expenses net 284 276 856 823 GAINS ON DISPOSAL OF BUSINESSES/ASSETS NET 14 13 OPERATING INCOME 49 32 93 24 OTHER INCOME (DEDUCTIONS) Interest expense (165) 24 (233) (194) Equity in earnings of equity method investees 48 56 126 129 Equity in earnings of non-economic ownership interests 11 13 16 16 Other net 4 3 45 7 Total other income (deductions) net (102) 96 (46) (42) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES (53) 128 47 (18) INCOME TAXES 30 28 38 8 INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (83) 100 9 (26) INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, net of tax expense of 3 million and 8 million, respectively 32 96 NET INCOME (LOSS) (83) 132 9 70 NET LOSS (INCOME) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 43 (79) 82 18 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NEP 
 (40) 53 91 88 
 
 24 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 Operating revenues primarily consist of income from the sale of energy under NEP's PPAs, partly offset by the net amortization of intangible assets PPAs and intangible liabilities PPAs. Wind resource levels, weather conditions and the performance of NEP's renewable energy portfolio represent significant factors that could affect NEP's operating results because these variables impact energy sales. NEP utilizes the wind production index to determine the impact of wind resource levels. The wind production index represents a measure of the actual wind speeds available for energy production for a stated period relative to long-term average wind speeds. NEP compares the actual wind speeds observed at each wind facility applied to turbine-specific power curves to produce the estimated MWh production for a stated period to the estimated long-term average wind speeds at each wind facility applied to the same turbine-specific power curves to produce the long-term average MWh production which results in the current period wind production index to determine the impact of wind resource for the stated period. 
 
 Operating revenues increased 11 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase primarily reflects higher revenues due to favorable wind and solar resource. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operations and Maintenance 
 O M expenses increased 7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflecting higher operating costs, partly offset by an adjustment to an asset retirement obligation in 2024. 
 
 Gains on Disposal of Businesses/Assets net 
 
 The 14 million net gain on disposal of businesses/assets recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflects insurance recoveries on three permanently damaged wind turbines. 
 
 Other Income (Deductions) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 The increase in interest expense of 189 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflects higher interest expense due to approximately 185 million of unfavorable mark-to-market activity 88 million of losses recorded in 2024 compared to 97 million of gains in 2023). 
 
 Equity in Earnings of Equity Method Investees 
 Equity in earnings of equity method investees decreased 8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflecting less favorable mark-to-market activity on interest rate swaps at various equity method investees in 2024. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, NEP recorded income tax expense of 30 million on loss from continuing operations before income taxes of 53 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of (57) . The tax expense is comprised primarily of income tax expense of approximately 40 million attributable to noncontrolling interests and 7 million of state taxes, partly offset by income tax benefit of 11 million at the statutory rate of 21 and 8 million attributable to PTCs. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, NEP recorded income tax expense of 28 million on income from continuing operations before income taxes of 128 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 22 . The tax expense is comprised primarily of income tax expense of approximately 27 million at the statutory rate of 21 , 6 million of state taxes and 1 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, partly offset by income tax benefits of 8 million attributable to PTCs. 
 
 Income from Discontinued Operations 
 
 Income from discontinued operations reflects the operations of the Texas pipelines prior to the sale in December 2023. See Note 2. 
 
 Net Loss (Income) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the change in net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflects lower net income allocation of approximately 94 million to NEE Equity's noncontrolling interest in 2024 compared to 2023, a higher net loss allocation of 16 million to differential membership investors resulting from higher PTCs, a lower net income allocation of 8 million to Class B noncontrolling interest investors primarily due to buyouts in 2023 and lower net income of 4 million from non-economic ownership interests. See Note 11 Noncontrolling Interests. 
 
 25 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 Operating revenues increased 89 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase primarily reflects higher revenues of approximately 60 million associated with the renewable energy projects acquired or placed in service in 2023 and higher revenues of 33 million primarily due to favorable wind resource (98 of long-term average wind speeds in 2024 compared to 94 in 2023). 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operations and Maintenance 
 O M expenses decreased 1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflecting lower corporate operating expenses of approximately 44 million primarily relating to the suspension of the IDR fee announced in May 2023, partly offset by 29 million of higher operating costs and 14 million related to the renewable energy projects acquired in 2023. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 27 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflecting depreciation and amortization associated with the renewable energy projects acquired or placed in service in 2023. 
 
 Taxes Other than Income Taxes and Other net 
 Taxes Other than Income Taxes and other net increased 7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to the absence of property tax refunds of approximately 8 million. 
 
 Gains on Disposal of Businesses/Assets net 
 
 The 13 million net gain on disposal of businesses/assets recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflects insurance recoveries on three permanently damaged wind turbines. 
 
 Other Income (Deductions) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 The increase in interest expense of 39 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflects approximately 54 million of higher interest expense due to increased average debt outstanding, partly offset by 13 million of favorable mark-to-market activity 9 million of gains recorded in 2024 compared to 4 million of losses in 2023). 
 
 Other net 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in other net primarily reflects interest income of approximately 36 million from NEER for cash sweep amounts held relating to proceeds from the sale of the Texas pipelines (see Note 2). 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, NEP recorded income tax expense of 38 million on income from continuing operations before income taxes of 47 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 81 . The tax expense is comprised primarily of income tax expense of approximately 41 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, 10 million at the statutory rate of 21 and state taxes of 9 million, partly offset by income tax benefit of 25 million attributable to PTCs. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, NEP recorded income tax expense of 8 million on loss from continuing operations before income taxes of 18 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of (44) . The tax expense is comprised primarily of income tax expense of approximately 27 million attributable to noncontrolling interests and state taxes of 4 million, partly offset by income tax benefit of 22 million attributable to PTCs and 4 million at the statutory rate of 21 . 
 
 Income from Discontinued Operations 
 
 Income from discontinued operations reflects the operations of the Texas pipelines prior to the sale in December 2023. See Note 2. 
 
 Net Loss (Income) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflects a higher net loss allocation of approximately 63 million to differential membership investors resulting from higher PTCs due to favorable wind resource, a higher net loss allocation of 20 million to differential membership investors resulting from the renewable energy projects acquired in 2023 and 24 million of lower net income allocation to Class B noncontrolling interest investors primarily due to buyouts in 2023, partly offset by a higher net income allocation of 49 million to NEE Equity's noncontrolling interest in 2024 compared to 2023. See Note 11 Noncontrolling Interests. 
 
 26 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

NEP s ongoing operations use cash to fund O M expenses, including related party fees discussed in Note 10, maintenance capital expenditures, debt service payments and related derivative obligations (see Note 8 and Note 4), distributions to common unitholders and distributions to the holders of noncontrolling interests. NEP expects to satisfy these requirements primarily with cash on hand and cash generated from operations. In addition, as a growth-oriented limited partnership, NEP expects from time to time to make acquisitions (see Note 1), including in connection with the exercise of buyout rights (see Note 9 Class B Noncontrolling Interests and Note 11 Noncontrolling Interests), and other investments. These acquisitions and investments are expected to be funded with borrowings under credit facilities or term loans, issuances of indebtedness, issuances of additional NEP common units, including under its ATM program, or capital raised pursuant to other financing structures, cash on hand and cash generated from operations and divestitures (see Note 2). NEP may also utilize non-voting common units (convertible into common units) to fund the payment of specified portions of the purchase price payable in connection with the exercise of certain buyout rights (see Note 11 Noncontrolling Interests). In addition, NEP expects to fund debt maturities through refinancing. NEP may, but does not expect to, issue common units to satisfy NEP's conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes upon conversion. 
 
 These sources of funds are expected to be adequate to provide for NEP's short-term and long-term liquidity and capital needs, although its ability to make future acquisitions, fund repowering of existing projects, fund the purchase price payable in connection with the exercise of buyout rights, refinance debt maturities and maintain and increase its distributions to common unitholders will depend on its ability to access capital on acceptable terms. 
 
 As a normal part of its business, depending on market conditions, NEP expects from time to time to consider opportunities to repay, redeem, repurchase or refinance its indebtedness or equity arrangements. In addition, NEP expects from time to time to consider potential investments in new acquisitions and the repowering of existing projects. These events may cause NEP to seek additional debt or equity financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If available, additional debt financing, including refinancing, could impose operating restrictions, additional cash payment obligations and additional covenants, including limitations on distributions to common unitholders. 
 
 NEP OpCo has agreed to allow NEER or one of its affiliates to withdraw funds received by NEP OpCo or its subsidiaries and to hold those funds in accounts of NEER or one of its affiliates to the extent the funds are not required to pay project costs or otherwise required to be maintained by NEP's subsidiaries, until the financing agreements permit distributions to be made, or, in the case of NEP OpCo, until such funds are required to make distributions or to pay expenses or other operating costs. NEP OpCo will have a claim for any funds that NEER fails to return: 
 
 when required by its subsidiaries financings; 
 when its subsidiaries financings otherwise permit distributions to be made to NEP OpCo; 
 when funds are required to be returned to NEP OpCo; or 
 when otherwise demanded by NEP OpCo. 
 
 In addition, NEER and certain of its affiliates may withdraw funds in connection with certain long-term debt agreements and hold those funds in accounts belonging to NEER or its affiliates and provide credit support in the amount of such withdrawn funds. If NEER fails to return withdrawn funds when required by NEP OpCo's subsidiaries financing agreements, the lenders will be entitled to draw on any credit support provided by NEER in the amount of such withdrawn funds. 
 
 If NEER or one of its affiliates realizes any earnings on the withdrawn funds prior to the return of such funds, it will be permitted to retain those earnings, and will not pay interest on the withdrawn funds except as otherwise agreed upon with NEP OpCo. 
 
 Liquidity Position 
 
 At September 30, 2024, NEP's liquidity position was approximately 2,616 million. The table below provides the components of NEP s liquidity position: 
 September 30, 2024 Maturity Date (millions) 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 290 Amounts due under the CSCS agreement 
 51 Revolving credit facility (a) 
 2,500 2029 Less borrowings (b) 
 (175) Less issued letters of credit (50) Total 2,616 
 
 ____________________ 
 (a) Approximately 50 million of the NEP OpCo credit facility expires in 2025 and an additional 50 million expires in 2028. 
 (b) Approximately 4 million of such borrowings have a maturity date in 2025 and an additional 4 million have a maturity date in 2028. 
 
 27 

Management believes that NEP's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance O M expenses, maintenance capital expenditures, distributions to its unitholders and to the holders of noncontrolling interests and liquidity commitments. Management continues to regularly monitor NEP's financing needs consistent with prudent balance sheet management. 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 NEP OpCo and its direct subsidiary are parties to the 2,500 million NEP OpCo credit facility. See Note 8. 
 
 NEP OpCo and certain indirect subsidiaries are subject to financings that contain financial covenants and distribution tests, including debt service coverage ratios. In general, these financings contain covenants customary for these types of financings, including limitations on investments and restricted payments. Certain of NEP's financings provide for interest payable at a fixed interest rate. However, certain of NEP's financings accrue interest at variable rates based on an underlying index plus a margin. Interest rate contracts were entered into for certain of these financings to hedge against interest rate movements with respect to interest payments on the related borrowings. In addition, under the project-level financing structures, each project or group of projects will be permitted to pay distributions out of available cash so long as certain conditions are satisfied, including that reserves are funded with cash or credit support, no default or event of default under the applicable financing has occurred and is continuing at the time of such distribution or would result therefrom, and each project or group of projects is otherwise in compliance with the related covenants. For substantially all of the project-level financing structures, minimum debt service coverage ratios must be satisfied in order to make a distribution. For one project-level financing, the project must maintain a leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio in order to make a distribution. At September 30, 2024, NEP and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all financial debt covenants under their financings. 
 
 Equity Arrangements 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, NEP exercised its buyout right and purchased 15 of the originally issued Class B membership interests in NEP Renewables II. See Note 9 Class B Noncontrolling Interests. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Annual capital spending plans are developed based on projected requirements for the projects. Capital expenditures primarily represent the estimated cost of capital improvements, including construction expenditures that are expected to increase NEP OpCo s operating income or operating capacity over the long term. Capital expenditures for projects that have already commenced commercial operations are generally not significant because most expenditures relate to repairs and maintenance and are expensed when incurred. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, NEP had capital expenditures of approximately 189 million and 1,064 million, respectively. The 2023 capital expenditures primarily relate to the assets acquired from NEER in December 2022 which were acquired under construction or had recently been placed in service. Such expenditures were reimbursed by NEER as contemplated in the acquisition. Estimates of planned capital expenditures, including those relating to expected wind turbine repowerings, are subject to continuing review and adjustments and actual capital expenditures may vary significantly from these estimates. 
 
 Cash Distributions to Unitholders 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, NEP distributed approximately 250 million to its common unitholders. On October 22, 2024, the board of directors of NEP authorized a distribution of 0.9175 per common unit payable on November 14, 2024 to its common unitholders of record on November 6, 2024. 

Cash Flows 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative periods: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 517 552 (35) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 1,344 (564) 1,908 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (1,809) 109 (1,918) 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by the loss of cash flows from the Texas pipelines, partly offset by lower corporate O M expenses due to the suspension of the IDR fee, higher operating cash flows from the renewable energy projects acquired in 2023 and the timing of transactions impacting working capital. 
 
 28 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (millions) Acquisition of membership interests in subsidiaries net (666) Capital expenditures and other investments (189) (1,064) Proceeds from sale of a business 55 Payments from related parties under CSCS agreement net 1,460 206 Reimbursements from related parties for capital expenditures 49 904 Other net 
 24 1 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 1,344 (564) 
 
 The change in net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was primarily driven by higher payments received from NEER subsidiaries (net of amounts paid) under the CSCS agreement and the absence of payments to acquire membership interests in subsidiaries, partly offset by the absence of proceeds from sale of a business. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (millions) Proceeds from issuance of common units net 3 315 Issuances (retirements) of long-term debt net (1,126) 1,035 Partner contributions 50 Partner distributions (596) (554) Proceeds related to differential membership interests net 
 116 26 Payments related to Class B noncontrolling interests net 
 (66) (122) Buyout of Class B noncontrolling interest investors (187) (590) Other net (3) (1) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (1,809) 109 
 
 The change in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities primarily reflects retirements of long-term debt in 2024 compared to issuances of long-term debt in 2023 and lower proceeds related to the issuance of common units net, partly offset by lower payments to buy out Class B noncontrolling interest investors and higher proceeds related to differential membership interests. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 Critical accounting policies are those that NEP believes are both most important to the portrayal of its financial condition and results of operations, and require complex, subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. NEP s critical accounting policies were reported in NEP s 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes regarding these critical accounting policies. See Management s Discussion Overview for a discussion regarding the potential sale of NEP s ownership interest in Meade. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 NEP is exposed to market risks in its normal business activities. Market risk is measured as the potential loss that may result from hypothetical reasonably possible market changes associated with its business over the next year. The types of market risks include interest rate and counterparty credit risks. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 NEP is exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates associated with outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings. NEP manages interest rate exposure by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. Interest rate swaps are used to mitigate and adjust interest rate exposure when deemed appropriate based upon market conditions or when required by financing agreements (see Note 4). 
 
 NEP has long-term debt instruments that subject it to the risk of loss associated with movements in market interest rates. At September 30, 2024, approximately 95 of the long-term debt, including current maturities, was not exposed to fluctuations in interest expense as it was either fixed rate debt or financially hedged. At September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of NEP's long-term debt was approximately 5.1 billion and the carrying value of the long-term debt was 5.2 billion. See Note 5 Financial Instruments Recorded at Other than Fair Value. Based upon a hypothetical 10 decrease in interest rates, the fair value of NEP's long-term debt would increase by approximately 39 million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 29 

At September 30, 2024, NEP had interest rate contracts with a net notional amount of approximately 3.1 billion related to managing exposure to the variability of cash flows associated with outstanding and expected future debt issuances and borrowings. Based upon a hypothetical 10 decrease in rates, NEP s net derivative assets at September 30, 2024 would decrease by approximately 46 million. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 Risks surrounding counterparty performance and credit risk could ultimately impact the amount and timing of expected cash flows. Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from non-performance or non-payment by counterparties under the terms of their contractual obligations. NEP monitors and manages credit risk through credit policies that include a credit approval process and the use of credit mitigation measures such as prepayment arrangements in certain circumstances. NEP also seeks to mitigate counterparty risk by having a diversified portfolio of counterparties. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 See Management's Discussion Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NEP had performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of NEP's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of NEP concluded that NEP's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 NEP is continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its operations and of its internal controls. This results in refinements to processes throughout NEP. However, there has been no change in NEP's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during NEP's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, NEP's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 30 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 None. With regard to environmental proceedings to which a governmental authority is a party, NEP's policy is to disclose any such proceeding if it is reasonably expected to result in monetary sanctions of greater than or equal to 1 million. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the 2023 Form 10-K. The factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the 2023 Form 10-K, as well as other information set forth in this report, which could materially adversely affect NEP's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to grow its business and make cash distributions to its unitholders, should be carefully considered. The risks described in the 2023 Form 10-K are not the only risks facing NEP. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to NEP, or that are currently deemed to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect NEP's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and ability to grow its business and make cash distributions to its unitholders. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 (c) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of NEP or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 (d) In accordance with the NEP partnership agreement, on October 22, 2024 the NEP board of directors modified the eligibility requirements for holders of units of NEP (eligible holders) that wish to submit the name of a qualified director nominee for inclusion in NEP s proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of limited partners of NEP (2025 annual meeting). Under the modified requirements, in order to submit a proxy access nominee for the 2025 annual meeting, an eligible holder must have owned the required units, as defined in the NEP partnership agreement, continuously for at least three months prior to the date of nomination. Notice of a proxy access nominee for the 2025 annual meeting must be received by NEP s Corporate Secretary at 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408 no earlier than November 5, 2024 and no later than the close of business on December 5, 2024. The notice may be made by personal delivery, by facsimile (561-691-7702) or sent by U.S. certified mail. Eligible holders who wish to submit nominees will be required to satisfy the requirements set forth in the NEP partnership agreement. 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 31(a) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 
 31(b) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 
 32 Section 1350 Certification of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 NEP agrees to furnish to the SEC upon request any instrument with respect to long-term debt that NEP has not filed as an exhibit pursuant to the exemption provided by Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 31 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: October 23, 2024 
 NEXTERA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
 (Registrant) JAMES M. MAY James M. May 
 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 nep-q32024xex31a.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

Exhibit 31(a) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 

I, John W. Ketchum, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of NextEra Energy Partners, LP (the registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 
 JOHN W. KETCHUM John W. Ketchum Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 nep-q32024xex31b.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

Exhibit 31(b) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Brian W. Bolster, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of NextEra Energy Partners, LP (the registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 23, 2024 
 
 BRIAN W. BOLSTER 
 Brian W. Bolster 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 4
 nep-q32024xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

Section 1350 Certification 

We, John W. Ketchum and Brian W. Bolster, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NextEra Energy Partners, LP (the registrant) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. 
 
 Dated October 23, 2024 
 
 JOHN W. KETCHUM John W. Ketchum Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 
 BRIAN W. BOLSTER 
 Brian W. Bolster 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 of NextEra Energy Partners, LP 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nep-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nep-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nep-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nep-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nep-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

