<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241115_10-Q_edgar_data_1859807_0001213900-24-098671.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4850928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115099</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1031836</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1001056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1223414</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1388208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098671.hdr.sgml : 20241115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114210248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098671
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NorthView Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859807
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				863437271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41177
		FILM NUMBER:		241465554

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207 WEST 25TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-494-9022

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207 WEST 25TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098671.txt : 20241115

10-Q
 1
 ea0220952-10q_northview.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to 
______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

., 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there were shares
of common stock, 0.0001 par value outstanding. 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

Part II. Other Information 
 29 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 30 

Part III. Signatures 
 31 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid income taxes 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Excise tax payable 

Common stock to be redeemed (1) 

Income tax payable 

Convertible promissory note 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of approximately and at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (excluding 738,075 and 833,469 shares subject to possible redemption at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended June 30, 
 For the Six Months Ended 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest income earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other (expense) income, net 

(Loss) income before provision for income tax 

Income tax provision 

Net (loss) income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30,
2024 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30,
2023 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Six Months Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid income taxes 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Deferred tax liability 

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Payment of extension fee into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Reimbursement of franchise and income taxes from Trust Account 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note 

Redemption of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid, inclusive of interest and penalties 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

NORTHVIEW ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

units (the Units ), which included Units issued pursuant
to the full exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. Each Unit consists of share of common stock of the
Company, par value per share, right (the Rights ), and one-half of redeemable warrant of the Company (the
 Warrants ). Each Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of share of common stock. Each Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase share of common stock for per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at
a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), which included
 Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters, to NorthView
Sponsor I, LLC the Sponsor ), I-Bankers Securities, Inc., and Dawson James Securities, Inc. at a purchase price of 
per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is discussed in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of underwriting discount, of Representative s Shares cost, of Representative s Warrants
cost and of other offering costs. 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the value of the assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of the Public Offering on
December 22, 2021, an amount of per Unit), excluding that was wired to the Company s operating bank
account on December 31, 2021 for working capital purposes, from the net proceeds of the sale of the public units in the IPO and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account Trust Account and invested in United States government
treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act as determined by the Company. Except with respect to interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO will not be released
from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company
does not complete the initial Business Combination within the extended period (or any additional extension from the closing of our IPO
if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) (the Combination Period ), or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s
public shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law.
The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have
priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

The Company will provide its public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either
(i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem all or a portion of their public
shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by
the fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James pursuant to the Business Combination Marketing Agreement (see Note 6). 

5 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s rights and warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company
fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

On December 21, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of stockholders to vote on extending the Combination Period. As a result, the Company extended the Combination Period from December
22, 2023 to March 22, 2024. In connection with the extension, shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed, with 
shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after the Redemption; shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after the Redemption
are shares issued in connection with our initial public offering. In January 2024, was paid from the Trust Account to redeeming
stockholders in connection with the extension. 

On January 2, 2024, the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company CST entered into Amendment No. 1 to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December
20, 2021, by and between the Company and CST, to allow CST, upon written instruction of the Company, to (i) hold the funds in the Company s
trust account uninvested or (ii) hold the funds in an interest-bearing bank demand deposit account. 

On January 10, 2024, the Company s Board
of Directors approved, and the Company amended, its Convertible Working Capital Promissory Note (the Note with the sponsor
to increase the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to million. The amended and restated Note also allows for
the conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of Company common stock at a price of per
share at the election of the sponsor. 

On March 21, 2024, the Company held its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the Meeting ). At the meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the amendment of the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination or, if it fails to
do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase of the shares of the Company s common stock issued in the Company s
initial public offering, from March 22, 2024, monthly for up to six additional months at the election of the Company and only upon contribution
of per month per outstanding public share, ultimately until September 22, 2024. 

In connection with the meeting, the holders of Public
Shares properly exercised their right to redeem, with shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after the Redemption; 
shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after the Redemption are shares issued in connection with the initial public offering. Consequently,
the contribution is per month needed for the Company to continue to extend the Combination Period monthly. On May 8, 2024
and May 31, 2024, the Company made two deposits of each for April and May extension contributions. On September 10, 2024, the
Company made a deposit of , of which was for June, July and August extension contributions and for lost interest
due to late trust payments. 

On September 19, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting
of stockholders (the Meeting ). At the Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial Business Combination
to March 22, 2025. In connection with the approval of the extension amendment, holders of shares of the Company s
common stock exercised their right to redeem, with shares of common stock remaining outstanding after the redemption; 
shares of common stock remaining outstanding after the redemption are shares issued in connection with our initial public offering. Consequently,
the contribution is per month needed for the Company to continue to extend the Combination Period monthly. On October 4,
2024, the Company made a deposit of for the September extension contribution. The October and November extension contributions
have not yet been made. 

6 

, the Public Shares are redeemable and
will be classified as such on the consolidated balance sheets until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial
Business Combination, (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares
if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination
within such time period); and (iii) vote their Founder Shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the
initial Business Combination. 

The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a
prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the Trust Account to below (i) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the
date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest
which may be released to the Company to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

Nasdaq Delisting Notification 

On January 11, 2024, we received a written notice
(the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that we are not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5620(a) (the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule due to our failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within
twelve months of the end of our fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no
current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Company subsequently held its annual stockholders
meeting on March 21, 2024. On March 25, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating
that it had demonstrated compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule. 

On March 7, 2024, the Company received a written
notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating
that the Company is not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares (MVPHS) of million,
as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the MVPHS Requirement ), because the MVPHS of the Company was below 
million for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Notice. 

The Notice does not impact the listing of the
Common Stock on The Nasdaq Global Market at this time. The Notice provided that, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D),
the Company has a period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until September 3, 2024, to regain compliance with the MVPHS
Requirement. During this period, the Common Stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market. If at any time before September
3, 2024 the MVPHS closes at million or more for a minimum of consecutive business , Nasdaq will provide written notification
that the Company has achieved compliance with the MVPHS Requirement and the matter will be closed. 

7 

in cash and a working capital deficit of . Prior to the completion of the Company s IPO, the Company s liquidity
needs had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of for the founder shares to cover certain of the offering
costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of , which was fully paid upon the IPO. Subsequent to the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the
proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account, and the drawdowns on the convertible promissory
note. 

8 

. The Note is non-interest bearing and is due
the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or the date of liquidation. The Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion
of the unpaid principal balance of this Note into warrants, at a price of per warrant. 

On January 10, 2024, the Company s Board
of Directors approved, and the Company amended the Note to increase the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to million.
The amended and restated Note also allows for the conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of
Company common stock at a price of per share at the election of the sponsor. 

On May 31, 2024, the Company s Board of
Directors approved, and the Company second amended its Convertible Working Capital Promissory Note with the sponsor to increase the principal
amount of the Note that could be drawn on to million. The second amended and restated Note also allows for the conversion of
the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of Company common stock at a price of per share at the
election of the sponsor. 

The Company had principal outstanding of 
and is presenting the Note at fair value on its balance sheet at June 30, 2024 in the amount of . 

The Company has until March 22, 2025 to consummate
a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by March 22, 2025. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be an option to either extend the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination or execute a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that mandatory liquidation, and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable
to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the
next twelve months from the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after March 22, 2025. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock occurring on or after January 1, 2023, by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations, by certain U.S.
domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations, by covered surrogate foreign corporations (as defined in
the IR Act) and by certain affiliates of the foregoing. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether
and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise
would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business
Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability
to complete a Business Combination. 

9 

and shares, respectively, for a total of and , respectively. On March
26, 2024, the Company s stockholders redeemed shares for a total of . The Company determined that an excise tax
liability should be recorded due to the redeemed shares. As of June 30, 2024, the Company has a charge to stockholders deficit
of of excise tax liability, including charged during the six months ended June 30, 2024, calculated as of the value
of shares redeemed. 

On April 12, 2024 The Treasury released Proposed
Regulations on the Excise Tax On Repurchase of Corporate Stock. In the Proposed Regulations the Treasury declined to adopt special rules
for Special Purpose Acquisition Corporations. The Proposed Regulations do not exempt redemptions of stock pursuant to a mandatory redemption
right or a unilateral holder put option. The Proposed Regulations clarify that a distribution pursuant to a plan of complete Liquidation
is not a repurchase and thus generally not subject to the stock repurchase excise tax. 

On July 3, 2024, the Treasury issued final regulations with respect
to the procedure and administration of the Excise Tax. These regulations provided that the filing and payment deadline for any liability
incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 would be October 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the excise tax
was not paid and recorded as excise tax payable. The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to this obligation, and
it is planning to seek a postponement of the 2023 Excise tax payment and return filing deadline to February 3, 2025 based on the Hurricane
Beryl relief announced in TX-2024-08. Any amount of such Excise Tax not paid in full, could be subject to additional interest and penalties
which are currently estimated at interest per annum and a underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to of the
total liability for any amount that is unpaid. 

10 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

days or less and in money market funds which invest in U.S. Treasury securities. 

of interest income from the Trust Account was withdrawn by the Company for the payment of franchise
and income taxes. 

of interest income from the Trust Account was withdrawn by the Company for the payment of franchise
and income taxes. 

U.S. Treasury Bills 

11 

shares of the Company s
common stock were redeemed. In January 2024, was paid from the Trust Account to redeeming stockholders in connection with the
extension. As a result, the Company recorded a liability of as common stock to be redeemed and reduced common stock subject
to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 on the balance sheet. Additionally, as part of the adjustment of common stock subject to
possible redemption, the Company classified of the trust account as a current asset on the consolidated balance sheets, which
was paid from the Trust Account in January 2024 to redeeming stockholders. 

and
 for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024
and 2023, due to changes in fair value of warrant liabilities and convertible loan, business combination expenses and the valuation allowance
on the deferred tax assets. 

and during the three and
six months ended June 30, 2024. Interest and penalties expense amounted to and during the three and six months ended June 30,
2023. 

12 

warrants
issued in connection with the IPO (the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants, and the Representative
Warrants inclusive of the underwriters over-allotment option) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such
guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as
a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at
each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair
value recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations (See Note 8). 

potential shares of common stock for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s
shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 because the warrants are
contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per share of common stock
is the same as basic net (loss) income per share of common stock for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share 

13 

Less: 

Partial redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of redeemable common stock 

Contingently redeemable common stock, December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Partial redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of redeemable common stock 

Contingently redeemable common stock, June 30, 2024 

Units, (which included Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option) at a purchase price of 
per Unit. Each unit that the Company is offering has a price of and consists of share of common stock, right, and one-half of
 redeemable warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of share of common stock upon the
consummation of an initial business combination. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase share of common stock
at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. 

Public Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase
 share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such
issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by such stockholders or
their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price )), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial
Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such price, the Market
Value is below per share, the exercise price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described in the section
 Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price. 

14 

after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to file, and within 60 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, to have declared effective, a
registration statement relating to those shares of common stock, and to maintain a current prospectus relating to such shares of common
stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within the above specified period following the consummation of the initial
Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when
the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available.
If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Redemption of Warrants 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period 

if, and only if, the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless
basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, management will
consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect
on the stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. In such event,
each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value.
The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

Private Placement Warrants (which included Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant
to the full exercise of the over-allotment option) at a price of per warrant in the aggregate) in a private placement
that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Of such amount, Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor
and Private Placement Warrants were purchased by I-Bankers and Dawson James. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by the Company
and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their
permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or any of their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the
warrants included in the Units being sold in the IPO. 

15 

, or approximately
 per share, to cover certain of the offering costs in exchange for an aggregate of shares of common stock, par value 
per share (the Founder Shares ). In October 2021, the Sponsor irrevocably surrendered to the Company for cancellation and
for no consideration shares of common stock. , resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of shares of common stock. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up
to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full. On December 22, 2021,
the over-allotment option was fully exercised and such shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business
Combination that results in all of the Company s public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for
cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s
common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

Convertible Promissory Note Related
Party 

On April 27, 2023, the Company signed a Convertible
Working Capital Promissory Note the Note with the Sponsor for . The Note is non-interest bearing and is due
the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or the date of liquidation. The Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion
of the unpaid principal balance of this Note into warrants, at a price of per warrant. On January 10, 2024, the Company s
Board of Directors approved, and the Company amended the Note to increase the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to million.
The amended and restated Note also allows for the conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of
Company common stock at a price of per share at the election of the sponsor. On May 31, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors
approved and the Company entered into a second amendment of its Convertible Working Capital Promissory Note with the sponsor to increase
the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to million. The second amended and restated Note also allows for the
conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of Company common stock at a price of per
share at the election of the sponsor. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had principal outstanding of and is presenting the Note
at fair value on its balance sheet at June 30, 2024 in the amount of . 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 
of such loans may be convertible, at the option of the lender, into warrants at a price of per warrant of the post Business Combination
entity. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. At June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans, other than the Note described
in Note 5 Related Party Transactions Convertible Promissory Note Related Party . 

Administrative Service Fee 

Commencing on the effective date of the IPO, the
Company began paying its Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative
and consulting services. As of June 30, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor terminated this agreement. For the three and six months ended
June 30, 2024, had been incurred and billed relating to the administrative service fee, respectively. For the three and six months
ended June 30, 2023, and , respectively, had been incurred and billed relating to the administrative service fee. As of
June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, relating to the administrative service fee was not paid and recorded as due to related party. 

16 

-day option from
the date of IPO to purchase up to an additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On December 22, 2021, the
over-allotment was fully exercised. 

The underwriters received a cash underwriting
discount of approximately of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

Under a Business Combination marketing agreement,
the Company engaged I-Bankers and Dawson James as advisors in connection with the Business Combination to assist the Company in holding
meetings with the stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business s attributes, introduce the
Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with the potential Business
Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases
and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company was obligated to pay I-Bankers and Dawson James a cash fee
for such marketing services upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination in an amount of of the gross proceeds
of the IPO, or . The agreement was amended on November 7, 2022 and calls for the business combination fee to be paid as
(a) cash and (b) to be rolled into equity at closing. 

Representative s Shares 

On December 22, 2021, the Company issued shares
(Representative Shares) of common stock (which included Representative Shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of
the over-allotment option) at the consummation of the IPO to I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their designees). I-Bankers and
Dawson James (and/or their designees) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial
Business Combination. In addition, I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their designees) have agreed (i) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business
Combination within the Combination Period. The fair value of the Representative s Shares issued are recognized as offering
costs directly attributable to the issuance of an equity contract to be classified in equity and are recorded as a reduction of equity
(see Note 1). 

Representative s Warrants 

The Company granted to I-Bankers and Dawson
James (and/or their designees) warrants (which included warrants issued pursuant to the full exercise
of the over-allotment option) exercisable at per share (or an aggregate exercise price of at the closing of the
IPO. The Representative Warrants issued are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and recorded as liabilities
at fair value each reporting period (see Notes 1 and 8). The warrants may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s
option, at any time during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement
of which the IPO forms a part and the closing of the initial Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of such effectiveness
date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, I-Bankers and Dawson James have agreed that neither they nor their designees will
be permitted to exercise the warrants after the anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of
which the IPO forms a part. The warrants and such shares purchased pursuant to the warrants have been deemed compensation by FINRA and
are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration
statement of which the IPO forms a part pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110I(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110I(1), these securities will
not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the
securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which
the IPO forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following
the effective date of the registration statement of which the IPO forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating
in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The warrants grant to holders demand and piggy back rights for
periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement of which the IPO forms a part with
respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will bear all fees
and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions, which will be paid for by the holders themselves.
The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the
event of a share dividend, or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will
not be adjusted for issuances of shares at a price below its exercise price. The Company will have no obligation to net cash settle the
exercise of the warrants. The holder of the warrants will not be entitled to exercise the warrants for cash unless a registration statement
covering the securities underlying the warrants is effective or an exemption from registration is available. 

17 

, the receipt of certain governmental
approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of NorthView and Profusa. There is no assurance that the Business Combination
will be completed. 

The aggregate consideration to be received by
the Profusa stockholders is based on a pre-transaction equity value of . The exchange ratio will be equal to (a) ,
divided by an assumed value of NorthView Common Stock of per share. Subject to certain future revenue and stock-price based milestones,
Profusa stockholders will have the right to receive an aggregate of up to an additional shares of NorthView Common Stock. 

On September 12, 2023, the parties to the Merger
Agreement entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement (the Amendment pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise
the revenue earnout milestones to reflect updated projections provided by Profusa. Specifically, Amendment No. 1 revised the definition
of Milestone Event III and Milestone Event IV such that one-quarter of the Earnout Shares would be issued
to Profusa stockholders if the combined company achieves Earnout Revenue of for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and
one-quarter of the Earnout Shares would be issued to Profusa stockholders if the combined company achieves Earnout Revenue of 
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Amendment No. 1 also clarified the exercise price of certain of the Company s Warrants. 

On September 14, 2023 and September 29, 2023,
the Company paid Profusa related expenses in the amount of , respectively, for a total of . The Profusa related expenses
will not be repaid and did not incur such expenses as of the date of filing. 

On January 12, 2024, the parties to the Merger
Agreement entered into an Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the definition of Milestone
Event III and such that the Earnout Revenue milestone of for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, was replaced
with a milestone of consummating the Tasly JV (as defined in the amended Merger Agreement) and receipt of the related funding during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. All other aspects of the Merger Agreement were unmodified. 

On March 4, 2024, the parties to the Merger Agreement
entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Merger Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the definition of Company Reference
Value (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to adjust for financing proceeds and debt conversions that could be received by Profusa prior
to the Business Combination. All other aspects of the Merger Agreement were unmodified. 

On February 16, 2024, the Company s Board
of Directors approved and authorized the Company to execute a binding term sheet between the Company and Profusa, Inc. (the Target for PIPE funding with Vellar Opportunities Fund Master, Ltd. Vellar ). Vellar agreed to subscribe for shares of
common and/or preferred stock of the Target upon the closing of the Business Combination at a price of per share, for a total amount
of to be funded by Vellar immediately prior to the Business Combination. 

On May 9, 2024, the Original term sheet between
the Company and Profusa was amended and restated to clarify certain provisions of the Original term sheet. 

On September 25, 2024, Vellar terminated
the Amended and Restated Binding Principal Terms and Conditions with the Company and Profusa, dated May 9, 2024. The termination
letter notified the Company and Profusa that Vellar elected to exercise its right to terminate pursuant to which Vellar will be entitled
to receive all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto not to exceed . Total fees associated with the transaction amounted
to . Such payment of the breakup fee shall be due at close of Business Combination. 

18 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of and with such designations,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of June 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there was no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock The Company
is authorized to issue a total of shares of common stock at par value of each. In April 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock to its Sponsor for , or approximately per share. In October 2021,
the Sponsor irrevocably surrendered to the Company for cancellation and for no consideration shares of common stock. , resulting in an aggregate of 
Founder Shares issued and outstanding. On December 22, 2021, the Company has also issued shares (Representative s
Shares) of common stock (which included Representative Shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment
option) at the consummation of the IPO to I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their designees). As of June 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and shares of common
stock subject to redemption, respectively. 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative
vote of a majority of the Company s common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the stockholders.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than of the
shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors (prior to consummation of the initial Business Combination).
The Company s stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds
legally available therefor. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities Public Warrants 

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant liabilities Representative s Warrants 

Convertible promissory note 

Total 

19 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities Public Warrants 

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant liabilities Representative s Warrants 

Convertible promissory note 

Total 

The Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants
and the Representative s Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes
in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company utilized a Monte Carlo simulation
model for the initial valuation of the Public Warrants. The subsequent measurement of the Public Warrants at June 30, 2024 was classified
as Level 2 due to the lack of an active market. At December 31, 2023, the Public Warrants was classified as Level 1 due to the use of
an observable market quote in an active market. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate value of Public Warrants was
 and , respectively. 

The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model
to value the Private Placement Warrants and the Representative s Warrants. The Company allocated the proceeds received from (i)
the sale of Units (which is inclusive of one shares of Common Stock and one-half of one Public Warrant) and (ii) the sale of Private Placement
Warrants, first to the warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated
to Common Stock subject to possible redemption (temporary equity) based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date.
The Private Placement Warrants and the Representative s Warrants were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the
measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility,
expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on historical volatility that
matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve
on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed
to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 
 De minimis 
 De minimis 
 
 Exercise price 

Fair value of Common stock 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 
 De minimis 
 De minimis 
 
 Exercise price 

Fair value of Common stock 

20 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Fair value at March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Fair value at June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Fair value at March 31, 2023 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Fair value at June 30, 2023 

Principal proceeds 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Fair value at March 31, 2024 

Proceeds received through convertible promissory note 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Fair value at June 30, 2024 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized
at the end of the reporting period. There was a transfer out of Level 3 to Level 1 for the fair value of the Public Warrants
when they began to trade separately from the Units during the three and six months ended March 31, 2022. 

The fair value of the Company s working
capital loan is valued using a compound option formula on the convertible feature and a present value of the host contract. The valuation
technique requires inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management s
own assumption about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the working capital loan. 

The convertible promissory note was classified
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. Inherent in pricing models
are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility
of its common stock based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the note. The risk-free interest rate is
based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the note.
The expected life of the note is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the aggregate value of the convertible promissory note was and , respectively. 

21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, NorthView
Acquisition Corp., NorthView, our, us or we refer to NorthView Acquisition
Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that
may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of
such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to,
those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on April
19, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). We consummated
our initial public offering on December 22, 2021 and have identified a target company for our business combination. We intend to use the
cash proceeds from our Public Offering and the Private Placement described below as well as additional issuances, if any, of our capital
stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt to complete the Business Combination. 

We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit
of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial Business Combination
will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

Proposed Business Combination 

On November 7, 2022, NorthView entered into a
Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among NorthView, NV Profusa Merger Sub Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of NorthView Merger Sub ), and Profusa, Inc., a California
corporation Profusa ). 

The Merger Agreement provides that, among other
things, at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with
and into Profusa (the Merger ), with Profusa surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of NorthView. In connection with the
Merger, NorthView will change its name to Profusa, Inc. The Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

The Business Combination is subject to customary
closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition of 15,000,000, the receipt of certain governmental
approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of NorthView and Profusa. There is no assurance that the Business Combination
will be completed. 

The aggregate consideration to be received by
the Profusa stockholders is based on a pre-transaction equity value of 155,000,000. The exchange ratio will be equal to (a) 155,000,000,
divided by an assumed value of NorthView Common Stock of 10.00 per share. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to certain
future revenue and stock-price based milestones, Profusa stockholders will have the right to receive an aggregate of up to an additional
3,875,000 shares of NorthView Common Stock (the Earnout Shares ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be issued if, between
the 18-month anniversary and the two year anniversary of the Closing, the combined company s common stock achieves a daily volume
weighted average market price of at least 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 consecutive trading day period Milestone
Event I ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be issued if, between the first and second anniversary of the Closing, the combined
company s common stock achieves a daily volume weighted average market price of at least 14.50 per share for a similar number of
days Milestone Event II ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the remaining one-quarter of the Earnout Shares were to be
issued if the combined company achieves at least 5,100,000 in revenue in fiscal year 2023, and one-quarter of the Earnout Shares will
be issued if the combined company achieves at least 73,100,000 in revenue in fiscal year 2024, (or up to one-half of the Earnout Shares
if both milestones are achieved). On September 12, 2023, the parties to the Merger Agreement entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Merger
Agreement (the Amendment pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the revenue earnout milestones to reflect updated
projections provided by Profusa. Specifically, Amendment No. 1 revised the definition of Milestone Event III and Milestone
Event IV such that one-quarter of the Earnout Shares would be issued to Profusa stockholders if the combined company achieves Earnout
Revenue of 11,864,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and one-quarter of the Earnout Shares would be issued to Profusa stockholders
if the combined company achieves Earnout Revenue of 99,702,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Amendment No. 1 also clarified
the exercise price of certain the Company Warrants. 

Additionally, if Milestone Event I or Milestone
Event II are achieved by the second anniversary of the Closing, NorthView s sponsor, NorthView Sponsor I, LLC and Profusa stockholders,
will be issued additional shares up to the amount of any shares forgone as an inducement to obtaining Additional Financings (as defined
in the Merger Agreement). 

22 

Merger Agreement Termination 

On January 12, 2024, the parties to the Merger
Agreement entered into an Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the definition of Milestone
Event III and such that the Earnout Revenue milestone of 11,864,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, was replaced
with a milestone of consummating the Tasly JV (as defined in the amended Merger Agreement) and receipt of the related funding during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. All other aspects of the Merger Agreement were unmodified. 

On February 16, 2024, the Company s Board
of Directors approved and authorized the Company to execute a binding term sheet Original term sheet between the Company
and Profusa, Inc. (the Target for PIPE funding with Vellar Opportunities Fund Master, Ltd. Vellar ). Vellar
agreed to subscribe for 2,500,000 shares of common and/or preferred stock of the Target upon the closing of the Business Combination at
a price of 2.00 per share, for a total amount of 5,000,000 to be funded by Vellar immediately prior to the Business Combination. On
May 9, 2024, the original term sheet between the Company and Profusa was amended and restated to clarify certain provisions of the Original
term sheet. 

On March 4, 2024, the parties to the Merger Agreement
entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Merger Agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to revise the definition of Company Reference
Value (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to adjust for financing proceeds and debt conversions that could be received by Profusa prior
to the Business Combination. All other aspects of the Merger Agreement were unmodified. 

On May 9, 2024, the Original term sheet between
the Company and Profusa was amended and restated to clarify certain provisions of the Original term sheet. 

On September 25, 2024, Vellar terminated
the Amended and Restated Binding Principal Terms and Conditions with the Company and Profusa, dated May 9, 2024. The termination letter
notified the Company and Profusa that Vellar elected to exercise its right to terminate pursuant to which Vellar will be entitled to receive
all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto not to exceed 75,000. Total fees associated with the transaction amounted to 59,867.
Such payment of the breakup fee shall be due at close of Business Combination. 

Extension of Our Combination Period 

On December 21, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of stockholders to vote on extending the Combination Period. As a result, the Company has extended the Combination Period from
December 22, 2023 to March 22, 2024. In connection with the extension, 140,663 shares of the Company s common stock were redeemed,
with 6,027,219 shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after the Redemption; 833,469 shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding
after the Redemption are shares issued in connection with our initial public offering. In January 2024, 1,565,078 was paid from the trust
account to redeeming stockholders in connection with the extension. 

On January 2, 2024, the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company CST entered into Amendment No. 1 to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December
20, 2021, by and between the Company and CST, to allow CST, upon written instruction of the Company, to (i) hold the funds in the Company s
trust account uninvested or (ii) hold the funds in an interest-bearing bank demand deposit account. 

On March 21, 2024, the Company held its 2024 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders (the Meeting ). At the meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the amendment of the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination or, if
it fails to do so, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase 100 of the shares of the Company s common stock issued in the
Company s initial public offering, from March 22, 2024, monthly for up to six additional months at the election of the Company and
only upon contribution of 0.05 per month per outstanding public share, ultimately until September 22, 2024. 

In connection with the meeting, the holders of
95,394 Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem, with 5,931,825 shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after
the Redemption; 738,075 shares of Common Stock remaining outstanding after the Redemption are shares issued in connection with the initial
public offering. Consequently, the contribution is 36,904 per month needed for the Company to continue to extend the Combination
Period monthly. On May 8, 2024 and May 31, 2024, the Company made two deposits of 36,904 each for April and May extension contributions.
On September 10, 2024, the Company made a deposit of 112,114, of which 110,174 was for June, July and August extension contributions
and 1,400 for lost interest due to late trust payments. 

On September 19, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting
of stockholders (the Meeting ). At the meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial Business Combination
to March 22, 2025. In connection with the approval of the extension amendment, holders of 50,556 shares of the Company s
common stock exercised their right to redeem, with 5,881,269 shares of common stock remaining outstanding after the redemption; 687,519
shares of common stock remaining outstanding after the redemption are shares issued in connection with our initial public offering. Consequently,
the contribution is 34,376 per month needed for the Company to continue to extend the Combination Period monthly. On October 4,
2024, the Company made a deposit of 34,376 for the September extension contribution. The October and November extension contributions
have not yet been made. 

23 

Promissory Note 

On January 10, 2024, the Company s Board
of Directors approved, and the Company amended, its Convertible Working Capital Promissory Note (the Note with the sponsor
to increase the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to 1.5 million. The amended and restated Note also allows for
the conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of Company common stock at a price of 2.22 per
share at the election of the sponsor. 

On May 31, 2024, the Company s Board of
Directors approved, and the Company second amended its Convertible Working Capital Promissory Note with the sponsor to increase the principal
amount of the Note that could be drawn on to 2.5 million. The second amended and restated Note also allows for the conversion of
the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of Company common stock at a price of 2.22 per share at the election
of the sponsor. 

Nasdaq Delisting Notification 

On January 11, 2024, we received a written notice
(the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that we are not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5620(a) (the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule due to our failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within
twelve months of the end of our fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no
current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Company subsequently held its annual stockholders
meeting on March 21, 2024. On March 25, 2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating
that it had demonstrated compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule. 

On March 7, 2024, the Company received a written
notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating
that the Company is not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares (MVPHS) of 15 million,
as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C) (the MVPHS Requirement ), because the MVPHS of the Company was below 15
million for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Notice. 

The Notice does not impact the listing of the
Common Stock on The Nasdaq Global Market at this time. The Notice provided that, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D),
the Company has a period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until September 3, 2024, to regain compliance with the MVPHS
Requirement. During this period, the Common Stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market. If at any time before September
3, 2024 the MVPHS closes at 15 million or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification
that the Company has achieved compliance with the MVPHS Requirement and the matter will be closed. 

The Notice provides that the Company may be eligible
to transfer the listing of its securities to The Nasdaq Capital Market (provided that it then satisfies the requirements for continued
listing on that market). Prior to September 3, 2024, the Company submitted an application to transfer the listing of its securities to
the Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq has not made a determination with regard to such transfer application as of the date of this report. 

On June 3, 2024, the Company received a delinquency
notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) (the Listing Rule as a result of the Company s
failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024. 

On September 12, 2024, the Company received a
letter (the Nasdaq Letter from the Staff indicating the Company s non-compliance with the Listing Rule as a result
of the Company s failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024. 

This Nasdaq Letter has no immediate effect on
the listing of the Company s securities on Nasdaq. However, if the Company fails to timely regain compliance with the Rule, the
Company s securities will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. 

The Nasdaq Letter also notified the Company that
the Staff has granted the Company an exception to enable it to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. Pursuant to the terms of the exception,
the Company must file the following on or prior to October 14, 2024: 

The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024; and 

The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024. 

On October 9, 2024, the Company filed its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024. 

On October 15, 2024, the Company received a letter
(the Extension Notice from the Staff notifying the Company that it had partially regained compliance with the Listing Rule
by filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024. 

24 

The Extension Notice also notified the Company
that the Staff had determined to grant the Company a further exception to enable it to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. Pursuant
to the terms of the exception, the Company must file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 on or prior
to November 18, 2024: 

Neither the Prior Notice nor the Extension Notice
has an immediate effect on the listing of the Company s securities on Nasdaq. However, if the Company fails to timely regain compliance
with the Rule, the Company s securities will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. 

If the Company does not satisfy the terms of the
exception, the Staff will provide written notification that the Company s securities will be delisted. At such time, the Company
could appeal the Staff s determination to a Hearings Panel. 

Results of Operations 

As of June 30, 2024, we had not commenced any
operations. All activity for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) through June 30, 2024 relates to our formation and the Initial
Public Offering, and, subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any operating revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business
Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income and unrealized gains from the cash
and marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We expect to incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended June 30, 2024, we had
net loss of 397,487, which consisted of operating costs of 253,130, income tax provision of 23,026, and a loss of 295,872 for the
change in fair value of our warrant liabilities, offset by interest income on securities held in the Trust Account of 108,520 and change
in fair value of convertible note of 66,021. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, we had
net loss of 1,217,764, which consisted of operating costs of 723,971, income tax provision of 44,480, and a loss of 800,595 for the
change in fair value of our warrant liabilities, offset by interest income on securities held in the Trust Account of 225,184 and change
in fair value of convertible note of 126,098. 

For the three months ended June 30, 2023, we had
net income of 852,389, which consisted of interest income and unrealized loss on securities held in the Trust Account of 122,546 and
a gain of 1,007,875 for the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities, offset by operating costs of 314,710, change in fair value
of convertible note of 58,590 and income tax provision of 21,912. We are required to revalue our liability-classified warrants at the
end of each reporting period and reflect in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations a gain or loss from the change
in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the period in which the change occurred. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, we had
net income of 1,293,284, which consisted of interest income and unrealized loss on securities held in the Trust Account of 1,964,386
and a gain of 433,738 for the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities, offset by operating costs of 758,427, change in fair
value of convertible note of 58,590 and income tax provision of 405,003. We are required to revalue our liability-classified warrants
at the end of each reporting period and reflect in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations a gain or loss from the
change in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the period in which the change occurred. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of June 30, 2024, we had 6,496 in cash and
a working capital deficit of 4,043,301. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, cash used
in operating activities was 675,730. Net loss of 1,217,764 was impacted primarily by trust interest income of 225,184, change in fair
value of convertible note of 126,098 and change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 800,595. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities reflected cash provided of 92,721 from operating activities during such period. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, cash provided
by investing activities included 235,733 of extension payments made to the trust, 204,460 of reimbursement from the trust of franchise
and income tax payments and cash withdrawn from the trust of 2,653,439 in relation to stock redemptions. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2024, cash
used in financing activities included 708,981 of proceeds from a convertible promissory note and 2,653,439 paid out in relation to
stock redemptions. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, cash used
in operating activities was 1,239,875. Net income of 1,293,284 was impacted primarily by trust interest income of 1,964,386, change
in fair value of convertible note of 58,590, change in deferred tax provision of 36,940 and change in fair value of our warrant liabilities
of 433,738. Changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected a used of cash of 39,505 from operating activities during such period. 

25 

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, cash provided
by investing activities included 194,827 of extension payments made to the trust, 877,438 of reimbursement from the trust of franchise
and income tax payments and cash withdrawn from the trust of 184,845,836 paid out in relation to stock redemptions. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, cash used
by financing activities included 369,589 of proceeds from a convertible promissory note and 184,845,836 paid out in relation to stock
redemptions. 

Prior to the completion of the initial public
offering, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares to
cover certain of the offering costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of 204,841, which was fully paid
upon the initial public offering. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public offering and private placement, our liquidity needs
have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the trust account, and the drawdowns
on the convertible promissory note. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended Business Combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). 

On April 27, 2023, the Company signed a Convertible
Working Capital Promissory Note the Note with the Sponsor for 1,200,000. The Note is non-interest bearing and is due
the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or the date of liquidation. The Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion
of the unpaid principal balance of this Note into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant. On January 10, 2024, the Company s
Board of Directors approved, and the Company amended the Note to increase the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to 1.5 million.
The amended and restated Note also allows for the conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of
Company common stock at a price of 2.22 per share at the election of the sponsor. On May 31, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors
approved and the Company entered into a second amendment of its Convertible Working Capital Promissory Note with the sponsor to increase
the principal amount of the Note that could be drawn on to 2.5 million. The second amended and restated Note also allows for the
conversion of the outstanding principal balance of the Note to be repaid in shares of Company common stock at a price of 2.22 per
share at the election of the sponsor. The Company had principal outstanding of 1,830,796 and is presenting the Note at fair value on
its balance sheet at June 30, 2024 in the amount of 1,527,001. 

The Company has until March 22, 2025 to consummate
a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by March 22, 2025. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be an option to either extend the time available for us to consummate
our initial business combination or execute a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that mandatory liquidation, and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable
to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the
next twelve months from the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after March 22, 2025. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of June 30, 2024. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we
did not have any long-term debt or capital or operating lease obligations. 

We entered into an administrative services agreement
with our sponsor pursuant to which we pay for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management
team, in an amount of 5,000 per month. As of June 30, 2023, the Company and the sponsor terminated this agreement. For the three and
six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, 0 had been incurred and billed relating to the administrative service fee, respectively. For
the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, 15,000 and 30,000 had been incurred and billed relating to the administrative service
fee, respectively. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 50,000 relating to the administrative service fee was not paid and recorded
as due to related party. 

NorthView previously engaged I-Bankers as an advisor
to assist in holding meetings to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes, introduce NorthView
to potential investors that are interested providing funding in connection with a Business Combination, assist NorthView in obtaining
stockholder approval for such business combination and assist NorthView with its press releases and public filings in connection with
such business combination (the Business Combination Marketing Agreement ). In connection with such engagement, NorthView
agreed to pay I-Bankers and Dawson James a cash fee (the Business Combination Fee for such services upon the consummation
of a business combination in an amount equal to 3.68 of the gross proceeds of its initial public offering (exclusive of any applicable
finders fees which might become payable). In connection with the Business Combination, NorthView, I-Bankers and Dawson James amended
the Business Combination Marketing Agreement to revise a portion of the Business Combination Fee to be partially payable in NorthView
securities and partially payable in cash upon the closing of the Merger with Profusa, with such securities to be subject to lock-up provisions. 

26 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The Company does not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all financial instruments to determine if such
instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of
derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of
each reporting period. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

The fair value of the Company s convertible
promissory note is valued using a compound option formula on the convertible feature and a present value of the host contract. The valuation
technique requires inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management s
own assumption about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the working capital loan. 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the warrants issued in connection
with the IPO in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the
criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classified each warrant as a liability
at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant
liabilities will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. 

In determining the fair value of the Private Placement
Warrants and the Representative s Warrants, a Monte Carlo simulation model is used, meaning assumptions related to expected share-price
volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate are utilized. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on
historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment information.
ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which will require the Company to disclose
specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet
a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 will also require the Company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state
and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. ASU 2023-09 will become effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is still reviewing the impact of ASU 2023-09. 

Our management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains provisions that,
among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private
(not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may
not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth
companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to,
among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal
controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent registered public accounting firm s
report providing additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and
(iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and
comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following
the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

27 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based upon their evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as
of June 30, 2024 due to the existence of material weaknesses related to complex financial instruments specifically related to recording
the value of the convertible promissory note, proper recording of accounts payable and accrued expenses, expensing of prepaid expenses
and the calculation of the Company s income tax provision. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

28 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this report include the risk factors described in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds. 

On December 22, 2021, we consummated our Initial
Public Offering of 18,975,000 Units, which included 2,475,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters, generating gross proceeds of 189,750,000. I-Bankers Securities, Inc. and Dawson James Securities, Inc. acted
as joint book-running managers of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act
on registration statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-257156 and 333-261763). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the
registration statement effective on December 20, 2021. 

Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 7,347,500 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and I-Bankers
and Dawson James at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 7,347,500. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Warrants sold in the IPO except that the Private Placement Warrants: (i) are not redeemable by the Company and (ii) may be exercised
for cash or on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. 

We paid a total of 3,450,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 609,623 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. I-Bankers and Dawson James, representatives of
the several underwriters in the IPO, received a portion of the underwriting discounts and commissions related to the IPO. We also repaid
the promissory note to the Sponsor from the proceeds of the IPO. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and incurred
offering costs, the total net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants was 193,037,877, of which 191,647,500
(or 10.10 per unit sold in the IPO) was placed in the trust account. Other than as described above, no payments were made by us to directors,
officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the period covered by this Quarterly Report,
none of the Company s directors or executive officers has or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 

29 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1+ 
 
 Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of November 7, 2022, by and among NorthView, NV Profusa Merger Sub, Inc. and Profusa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to NorthView s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022).) 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement, dated September 12, 2023, by and among NorthView, Profusa and Merger Sub (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to NorthView s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2023) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 + 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTHVIEW
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November
 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jack Stover 

Name: 
 Jack Stover 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Fred Knechtel 

Name: 
 Fred Knechtel 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022095201ex31-1_northview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Jack Stover, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NorthView Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jack Stover 

Jack Stover 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022095201ex31-2_northview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Fred Knechtel, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NorthView Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fred Knechtel 

Fred Knechtel 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022095201ex32-1_northview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of NorthView Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jack Stover, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Jack Stover 

Name: 
 Jack Stover 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022095201ex32-2_northview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of NorthView Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Fred Knechtel,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Fred Knechtel 

Name: 
 Fred Knechtel 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nvac-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nvac-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nvac-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nvac-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nvac-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

