<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_99250_0000099250-24-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3322351</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51995</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>710032</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>946864</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>892500</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>669084</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000099250-24-000017.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106162237
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000099250-24-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				741079400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07584
		FILM NUMBER:		241431376

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 POST OAK BLVD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1396
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132152000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 POST OAK BLVD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1396
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77251

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000099250-24-000017.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 tgpl-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tgpl-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to ____________ _ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 NO CHANGE 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS H(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-Q AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM 10-Q WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Index 
 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Statement of Net Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Balance Sheet September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Statement of Changes in Member s Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Statement of Cash Flows Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 9 
 Note 1 Basis of Presentation 
 9 
 Note 2 Revenue Recognition 
 9 
 Note 3 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
 10 
 Note 4 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 12 
 Note 5 ARO Trus t 
 12 
 Note 6 Fair Value Measurements 
 13 
 Note 7 Transactions with Affiliates 
 14 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 Part II. Other Information 
 20 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 22 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management s plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory proceedings, market conditions, and other matters. 
 All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events, or developments that we expect, believe, or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words such as anticipates, believes, seeks, could, may, should, continues, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, might, goals, objectives, targets, planned, potential, projects, scheduled, will, assumes, guidance, outlook, in-service date, or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding: 
 
 Our and our affiliates future credit ratings; 
 
 Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures; 
 
 Expansion and growth of our business and operations; 
 
 Expected in-service dates for capital projects; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Financial condition and liquidity; 
 
 Business strategy; 
 
 Cash flow from operations or results of operations; 
 
 Rate case filings; 
 
 Natural gas prices, supply, and demand; and 
 
 Demand for our services. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions, uncertainties, and risks that could cause future events or results to be materially different from those stated or implied in this report. Many of the factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 
 The impact of operational and developmental hazards and unforeseen interruptions; 
 
 Development and rate of adoption of alternative energy sources; 
 
 The strength and financial resources of our competitors and the effects of competition; 
 
 Availability of supplies, including lower than anticipated volumes from third parties, and market demand; 
 
 Volatility of pricing including the effect of lower than anticipated energy commodity prices; 
 
 Changes in maintenance and construction costs, as well as our ability to obtain sufficient construction- related inputs, including skilled labor; 
 
 The impact of existing and future laws and regulations, the regulatory environment, environmental matters, and litigation, as well as our ability and the ability of other energy companies, with whom we conduct or seek to conduct business, to obtain necessary permits and approvals, and our ability to achieve favorable rate proceeding outcomes; 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social, and governance practices; 
 
 The physical and financial risks associated with climate change; 
 
 Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties; 
 
 Our ability to successfully expand our facilities and operations; 
 
 Whether we are able to successfully identify, evaluate, and timely execute our capital projects and investment opportunities; 
 
 Risks related to financing, including restrictions stemming from debt agreements, future changes in credit ratings as determined by nationally recognized credit rating agencies, and the availability and cost of capital; 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Inflation, interest rates, and general economic conditions (including future disruptions and volatility in the global credit markets and the impact of these events on customers and suppliers); 
 
 Our costs for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans sponsored by our affiliates; 
 
 The risks resulting from outbreaks or other public health crises; 
 
 Changes in the current geopolitical situation, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East including between Israel and Hamas and conflicts involving Iran and its proxy forces; 
 
 Changes in U.S. governmental administration and policies; 
 
 Risks associated with weather and natural phenomena, including climate conditions and physical damage to our facilities; 
 
 Acts of terrorism, cybersecurity incidents, and related disruptions; and 
 
 Additional risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligations to and do not intend to update the above list or announce publicly the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. 
 In addition to causing our actual results to differ, the factors listed above and referred to below may cause our intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. Such changes in our intentions may also cause our results to differ. We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors, our assumptions, or otherwise. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, we caution that there are important factors, in addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of those factors, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, as may be supplemented by disclosures in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10 - Q. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Statement of Net Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Thousands) Operating Revenues: Natural gas transportation Natural gas storage Natural gas sales Other Total operating revenues Operating Costs and Expenses: Cost of natural gas sales Operation and maintenance General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Taxes, other than income taxes 
 Regulatory credit resulting from tax rate changes 
 ) ) ) ) Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Total operating costs and expenses Operating Income Other (Income) and Other Expenses: Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) ) Allowance for equity and borrowed funds used during construction (AFUDC) ) ) ) ) Miscellaneous other (income) expense, net Total other (income) and other expenses Net Income 

See accompanying notes. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Balance Sheet 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Thousands) ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Receivables: Advances to affiliate Trade Affiliates Other Transportation and exchange gas receivables Inventories: Materials and supplies, at average cost Gas available for customer nomination, at average cost Gas in storage, at original cost Regulatory assets Other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment Less-Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property, plant and equipment, net Other Assets: Regulatory assets Right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets 

(continued) 

See accompanying notes. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Balance Sheet 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Thousands) LIABILITIES AND MEMBER S EQUITY Current Liabilities: Payables: Trade Affiliates Cash overdrafts Transportation and exchange gas payables Accrued liabilities: Interest Asset retirement obligations Regulatory liabilities Taxes, other than income taxes 
 Customer deposits Customer advances Other Long-term debt due within one year Total current liabilities Long-Term Debt Other Long-Term Liabilities: Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Contract liabilities Lease liability Other Total other long-term liabilities Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (Note 3) Retained earnings Total member s equity Total liabilities and member s equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Statement of Changes in Member s Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Thousands) Member s Capital: Balance at beginning and end of period Retained Earnings: Balance at beginning of period Net income Cash distributions to parent ) ) Balance at end of period Total Member s Equity Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Thousands) Member s Capital: Balance at beginning and end of period 
 Retained Earnings: Balance at beginning of period Net income Cash distributions to parent ) ) Balance at end of period Total Member s Equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Allowance for equity funds used during construction (equity AFUDC) ) ) Regulatory credit resulting from tax rate changes ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Affiliate receivables Trade and other accounts receivable Transportation and exchange gas receivables ) Inventories Regulatory assets Other current assets ) Affiliate payables ) ) Trade accounts payable ) ) Transportation and exchange gas payables ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Other, including changes in long-term assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from other financing obligations Payments on other financing obligations ) ) Cash distributions to parent ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Property, plant and equipment: Capital expenditures (1) ) ) Contributions and advances for construction costs, net Disposal of property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Advances to affiliate, net Purchase of ARO Trust investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of ARO Trust investments Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period _______________________ (1) Increases to property, plant and equipment, exclusive of equity AFUDC ) ) Changes in related accounts payable and accrued liabilities Capital expenditures ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1 

Note 2 
 
 Revenue Recognized in excess of amounts invoiced 
 Balance at end of period 

9 

Notes (Continued) Table of Contents 

Recognized in revenue ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Our remaining performance obligations primarily include reservation charges on contracted capacity on our firm transportation and storage contracts with customers. Amounts from certain contracts included in the table below, which are subject to periodic review and approval by the FERC, reflect the rates for such services in our current FERC tariffs for the life of the related contracts; however, these rates may change based on future rate cases or settlements approved by the FERC. This table excludes the variable consideration component for commodity charges. Certain of our contracts contain evergreen and other renewal provisions for periods beyond the initial term of the contract. The remaining performance obligations as of September 30, 2024 do not consider potential future performance obligations for which the renewal has not been exercised and exclude contracts with customers for which the underlying facilities have not received FERC authorization to be placed into service. 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter Total 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 Receivables from contracts with customers are included within Receivables - Trade and Receivables - Affiliates, and receivables that are not related to contracts with customers are included within the balance of Receivables - Advances to affiliate and Receivables - Other on our Balance Sheet. 
 
 Note 3 
 
 10 

Notes (Continued) Table of Contents 

million for the expected ongoing remediation and monitoring costs, million recorded in Accrued liabilities - Other and million recorded in Other Long-Term Liabilities - Other on the Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2023, we had a liability of approximately million for the expected ongoing remediation and monitoring costs, million recorded in Accrued liabilities - Other and million recorded in Other Long-Term Liabilities - Other on the Balance Sheet. 
 
 We have been identified as a potentially responsible party (PRP) at various Superfund and state waste disposal sites. Based on present volumetric estimates and other factors, our estimated aggregate exposure for remediation of these sites is less than million. The estimated remediation costs for all of these sites are included in the environmental liabilities discussed above. Liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and applicable state law can be joint and several with other PRPs. Although volumetric allocation is a factor in assessing liability, it is not necessarily determinative; thus, the ultimate liability could be substantially greater than the amounts described above. 
 
 The EPA and various state regulatory agencies routinely propose and promulgate new rules, and issue updated guidance to existing rules. These rulemakings include, but are not limited to, rules for reciprocating internal combustion engine and combustion turbine maximum achievable control technology, review and updates to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, and rules for new and existing source performance standards for volatile organic compounds and methane. We continuously monitor these regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. Implementation of new or modified regulations may result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to Total property, plant, and equipment, net on the Balance Sheet for both new and existing facilities in affected areas; however, due to regulatory uncertainty on final rule content and applicability timeframes, we are unable to reasonably estimate the cost of these regulatory impacts at this time. 
 
 We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates. Historically, with limited exceptions, we have been permitted recovery of environmental costs, and it is our intent to continue seeking recovery of such costs through future rate filings. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Various other proceedings are pending against us and are considered incidental to our operations. 
 
 Summary 
 
 We have disclosed all significant matters for which we are unable to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. We estimate that for all matters for which we are able to reasonably estimate a range of loss, including those noted above and others that are not individually significant, our aggregate reasonably possible losses beyond 
 11 

Notes (Continued) Table of Contents 

billion, with up to an additional million increase in aggregate commitments available under certain circumstances. We and Northwest are each able to borrow up to million under the credit facility to the extent not otherwise utilized by the other co-borrowers. At September 30, 2024, letters of credit have been issued and loans were outstanding under the credit facility. 
 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 
 Williams has a billion commercial paper program. Williams management considers amounts outstanding under this program to be a reduction of available capacity under the credit facility. At September 30, 2024, Williams had outstanding commercial paper. 
 
 Other Financing Obligations 
 
 Dalton Expansion Project 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount included in Long-Term Debt on the Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively, and the amount included in Long-term debt due within one year on the Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Atlantic Sunrise Project 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, we received an additional million and million, respectively, of funding from a co-owner for its proportionate share of construction costs related to its undivided ownership interest in certain parts of the project. This additional funding is reflected in Long-Term Debt on the Balance Sheet. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount included in Long-Term Debt on the Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively, and the amount included in Long-term debt due within one year on the Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Leidy South Project 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount included in Long-Term Debt on the Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively, and the amount included in Long-term debt due within one year on the Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively. 

Note 5 
 
 12 

Notes (Continued) Table of Contents 

million with deposits made monthly. 
 
 U.S. Equity Funds International Equity Funds Municipal Bond Funds Total 

Note 6 
 
 Additional disclosures: Long-term debt, including current portion ) ) ) Assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2023: 
 Measured on a recurring basis: ARO Trust investments Additional disclosures: Long-term debt, including current portion ) ) ) 
 
 13 

Notes (Continued) Table of Contents 

Note 7 
 
 billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These advances are represented by demand notes and are classified as Receivables - Advances to affiliate on the Balance Sheet. The interest rate on these intercompany demand notes is based upon the daily overnight investment rate paid on Williams excess cash at the end of each month, which was approximately percent at September 30, 2024. The interest income from these advances was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Such interest income is included in Other (Income) and Other Expenses - Interest income on the Statement of Net Income. 
 
 Included in Operating Revenues on the Statement of Net Income are revenues received from affiliates of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Included in Cost of natural gas sales on the Statement of Net Income are costs of gas purchased from affiliates of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. All gas purchases are made at market or contract prices. 
 
 We have employees. Services necessary to operate our business are provided to us by Williams and certain affiliates of Williams. We reimburse Williams and its affiliates for all direct and indirect expenses incurred or payments made (including salary, bonus, incentive compensation and benefits) in connection with these services. Employees of Williams also provide general, administrative and management services to us, and we are charged for certain administrative expenses incurred by Williams. These charges are either directly identifiable or allocated to our assets. Direct charges are for goods and services provided by Williams at our request. Allocated charges are based on a three-factor formula, which considers revenues; property, plant and equipment; and payroll. In management s estimation, the allocation methodologies used are reasonable and result in a reasonable allocation to us of our costs of doing business incurred by Williams. We have recorded million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for these service expenses, which are primarily included in Operation and maintenance and General and administrative expenses on the Statement of Net Income. 
 
 14 

Notes (Continued) Table of Contents 

million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Beginning in the third quarter of 2024, the amounts are included in the amounts charged to us by Williams above. 
 
 During October 2024, we declared and paid a cash distribution of million to our parent. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

General 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical Financial Statements and accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and with the Financial Statements and accompanying notes contained in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Filing of Rate Case 
 On August 30, 2024, we filed a general rate case with the FERC for an overall increase in rates. In September 2024, with the exception of certain rates that reflected a rate decrease, the FERC accepted and suspended our general rate filing to be effective March 1, 2025, subject to refund and the outcome of hearing procedures established by the FERC. The specific rates that reflected a rate decrease were accepted, without suspension, to be effective October 1, 2024, as requested by us, and will not be subject to refund. The impact of the rates reflecting a rate decrease is expected to reduce revenues by approximately 0.8 million per month beginning October 1, 2024. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 This analysis discusses financial results of our operations for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Variances due to the changes in natural gas prices and transportation volumes have little impact on revenues, because under our rate design methodology, the majority of overall cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in our transportation rates. 
 
 We have cash out sales, which settle gas imbalances with shippers. In the course of providing transportation services to customers, we may receive different quantities of gas from shippers than the quantities delivered on behalf of those shippers. Additionally, we transport gas on various pipeline systems, which may deliver different quantities of gas on our behalf than the quantities of gas received from us. These transactions result in gas transportation and exchange imbalance receivables and payables. Our tariff includes a method whereby the majority of transportation imbalances are settled on a monthly basis through cash out sales or purchases. The cash out sales have no impact on our operating income. 
 
 Net Income for the first nine months of 2024 of 996.1 million increased by 58.6 million (6 percent) when compared to the 937.5 million recognized during the first nine months of 2023 due to the following significant variances: 
 
 Operating Revenues increased 38.5 million (2 percent) due primarily to: 
 
 77.4 million increase in Natural gas transportation primarily due to additional capacity from placing the remainder of the Regional Energy Access Expansion into service during the fourth quarter of 2023 and in August 2024, the in-service of the Carolina Market Link Expansion during the first quarter of 2024, and an additional billing day, partially offset by lower electric power costs in 2024. Electric power costs are recovered from our customers through transportation rates and are offset in Operation and maintenance costs resulting in no net impact on our results of operations; 
 8.7 million increase in Natural gas storage primarily due to an increase in rates and an additional billing day; 
 40.3 million decrease in Natural gas sales due to lower cash-out volumes and lower pricing, which directly offsets in Cost of natural gas sales resulting in no net impact on our results of operations; and 
 7.3 million decrease in Other revenues primarily due to park and loan services. 
 
 16 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) Table of Contents 

Operating Costs and Expenses decreased 23.3 million (2 percent). This decrease was primarily attributable to: 
 
 40.3 million decrease in Cost of natural gas sales, which directly offsets Natural gas sales in Operating revenues resulting in no net impact on our results of operations; 
 7.7 million decrease in Operation and maintenance costs primarily due to lower electric power costs. Electric power costs are recovered from customers through transportation rates and are offset in Natural gas transportation resulting in no net impact on our results of operations; additionally there were increases in Operation and maintenance costs from employee-related costs, including the impact of a change in a payroll policy, offset by a decrease in contractor services costs; 
 2.7 million increase in General and administrative expenses primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits, including the impact of a change in a payroll policy; 
 21.3 million increase in Depreciation and amortization primarily as a result of an increase in ARO-related depreciation (offset in Other (income) expense, net resulting in no net impact on our results of operations) and additional assets placed in service. 
 5.1 million increase in Taxes other than income taxes primarily due to an increase in property tax resulting from increased investment; and 
 4.5 million favorable change in Other (income) expense, net primarily driven by favorable changes associated with the deferral of ARO-related depreciation of 10.1 million (offset in Depreciation and amortization resulting in no net impact on our results of operations), partially offset by an unfavorable change in the amortization of regulatory Pension liabilities of 6.1 million. 
 
 Other (Income) and Other Expenses had an unfavorable change of 3.3 million primarily due to a decrease of 18.9 million in affiliated interest income on our advances to Williams due to a lower note receivable balance during 2024, partially offset by an increase of 17.5 million in the allowance for funds used during construction as a result of increased capital expenditures. 

Pipeline Expansion Projects 
 
 Regional Energy Access 
 
 In January 2023, we received approval from the FERC for the project to expand our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in northeastern Pennsylvania to multiple delivery points in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland. We placed approximately half of the project into service in the fourth quarter of 2023 and placed the remainder of the project into service in August 2024. The project increased capacity by 829 Mdth/d. 
 
 On July 30, 2024, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals granted petitions for review of the FERC orders approving the project, vacating such orders and remanding the matter to the FERC for appropriate action. The court s decision will not be effective until the court has issued its mandate, which is not expected to occur until November 2024 at the earliest. To enable us to continue operating the project facilities and capacity until the FERC issues an order on remand from the court s decision, on September 6, 2024, we filed an application with the FERC for a temporary certificate. 
 
 17 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) Table of Contents 

Southside Reliability Enhancement 
 
 In July 2023, we received approval from the FERC for the project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in Virginia and North Carolina to delivery points in North Carolina. We placed a portion of the project into service in November 2024. We plan to place the remainder of the project into service by year-end of 2024, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 423 Mdth/d. 
 
 Texas to Louisiana Energy Pathway 
 
 In January 2024, we received approval from the FERC for the project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide firm transportation capacity from receipt points in south Texas to delivery points in Texas and Louisiana. We plan to place the project into service as early as the first quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to provide 364 Mdth/d of new firm transportation service through a combination of increasing capacity, converting interruptible capacity to firm, and utilizing existing capacity. 
 
 Southeast Energy Connector 
 
 In November 2023, we received approval from the FERC for the project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in Mississippi and Alabama to a delivery point in Alabama. We plan to place the project into service in the second quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 150 Mdth/d. 
 
 Commonwealth Energy Connector 
 
 In November 2023, we received approval from the FERC for the project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity in Virginia. We plan to place the project into service as early as the fourth quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 105 Mdth/d. 
 
 Alabama Georgia Connector 
 
 In March 2024, we received approval from the FERC for the project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from our Station 85 pooling point in Alabama to customers in Georgia. We plan to place the project into service as early as the fourth quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 64 Mdth/d. 
 
 Southeast Supply Enhancement 
 
 In October 2024, we filed our certificate application with the FERC for the project which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in Virginia to delivery points in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Alabama. We plan to place the project into service as early as the fourth quarter of 2027, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 1,597 Mdth/d. 
 
 18 

Management s Discussion and Analysis (Continued) Table of Contents 

Gillis West 
 
 We plan to file in the first quarter of 2025 our prior notice application with the FERC for the project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in Louisiana to delivery points in Texas. We plan to place the project into service as early as the fourth quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 115 Mdth/d. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, including our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended) (Disclosure Controls) or our internal control over financial reporting (Internal Controls) will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We monitor our Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls and make modifications as necessary; our intent in this regard is that the Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls will be modified as systems change and conditions warrant. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls was performed as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer concluded that these Disclosure Controls are effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION. 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Environmental 
 
 While it is not possible for us to predict the final outcome of any pending legal proceedings involving governmental authorities under federal, state, and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, we do not anticipate a material effect on our financial position if we were to receive an unfavorable outcome in any one or more of such proceedings. Our threshold for disclosing material environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is 1 million. 
 
 Other 
 
 The additional information called for by this item is provided in Note 3 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments, included in the Notes to Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q, which information is incorporated by reference into this item. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, includes certain risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Those Risk Factors have not materially changed. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following instruments are included as exhibits to this report. 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 2 Certificate of Conversion dated December 22, 2008 and effective December 31, 2008 (filed on February 24, 2011 as Exhibit 2.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.1 Certificate of Formation dated December 22, 2008 and effective December 31, 2008 (filed on February 24, 2011 as Exhibit 3.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC dated February 17, 2010 (filed on October 28, 2010 as Exhibit 3.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

22 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Billeigh W. Mark Billeigh W. Mark Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tgpl_20240930xex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Chad A. Teply, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 By s Chad A. Teply Chad A. Teply Senior Vice President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tgpl_20240930xex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Mary A. Hausman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 By s Mary A. Hausman Mary A. Hausman Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 tgpl_20240930xex-32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Chad A. Teply Chad A. Teply Senior Vice President November 6, 2024 
 
 s Mary A. Hausman Mary A. Hausman Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer November 6, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to, and will be retained by, the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tgpl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tgpl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tgpl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tgpl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tgpl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

