<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1045450_0001045450-24-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9231190</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144940</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1452556</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3429267</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2187233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1835215</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001045450-24-000086.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031092816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001045450-24-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EPR PROPERTIES
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001045450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				431790877
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13561
		FILM NUMBER:		241412750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 WALNUT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8164721700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 WALNUT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENTERTAINMENT PROPERTIES TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970904

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001045450-24-000086.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 epr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

epr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 At October 30, 2024, there were comm on shares outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 With the exception of historical information, certain statements contained or incorporated by reference herein may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), such as those pertaining to our capital resources and liquidity, our expected pursuit of growth opportunities, our expected cash flows, the performance of our customers, our expected cash collections and our results of operations and financial condition. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties, and you should not rely on them as predictions of actual events. There is no assurance that the events or circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by use of words such as will be, intend, continue, believe, may, expect, hope, anticipate, goal, forecast, pipeline, estimates, offers, plans, would or other similar expressions or other comparable terms or discussions of strategy, plans or intentions in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Factors that could materially and adversely affect us include, but are not limited to, the factors listed below: 
 Global economic uncertainty, disruptions in financial markets, and generally weakening economic conditions; 
 Risks associated with COVID-19, or the future outbreak of any additional variants of COVID-19 or other highly infectious or contagious diseases; 
 The impact of inflation on our customers and our results of operations; 
 Reduction in discretionary spending by consumers; 
 Covenants in our debt instruments that limit our ability to take certain actions; 
 Adverse changes in our credit ratings; 
 Rising interest rates; 
 Defaults in the performance of lease terms by our tenants; 
 Defaults by our customers and counterparties on their obligations owed to us; 
 A borrower's bankruptcy or default; 
 Risks associated with sales or divestitures of properties; 
 Our ability to renew maturing leases on terms comparable to prior leases and/or our ability to locate substitute lessees for these properties on economically favorable terms or at all; 
 Risks of operating in the experiential real estate industry (including the impact of labor strikes on the production, supply or theatrical release of motion pictures to our theatre tenants); 
 Our ability to compete effectively; 
 Risks associated with three tenants representing a substantial portion of our lease revenues; 
 The ability of our build-to-suit tenants to achieve sufficient operating results within expected time-frames and therefore have capacity to pay their agreed-upon rent; 
 Risks associated with our dependence on third-party managers to operate certa in of our properties; 
 Risks associated with our level of indebtedness; 
 Risks associated with use of leverage to acquire properties; 
 Financing arrangements that require lump-sum payments; 
 Our ability to raise capital; 
 The concentration of our investment portfolio; 
 Our continued qualification as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes and related tax matters; 
 The ability of our subsidiaries to satisfy their obligations; 
 Financing arrangements that expose us to funding and completion risks; 
 Our reliance on a limited number of employees, the loss of which could harm operations; 
 Risks associated with the employment of personnel by managers of certain of our prop erties; 
 Risks associated with the gaming industry; 
 Risks associated with gaming and other regulatory authorities; 
 Delays or prohibitions of transfers of gaming properties due to required regulatory approvals; 
 Risks associated with security breaches and other disruptions; 
 Changes in accounting standards that may adversely affect our financial statements; 
 i 

Fluctuations in the value of real estate income and investments; 
 Risks relating to real estate ownership, leasing and development, including local conditions such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in the area, competition from other available space, whether tenants and users such as customers of our tenants consider a property attractive, changes in real estate taxes and other expenses, changes in market rental rates, the timing and costs associated with property improvements and rentals, changes in taxation or zoning laws or other governmental regulation, whether we are able to pass some or all of any increased operating costs through to tenants or other customers, and how well we manage our properties; 
 Our ability to secure adequate insurance and risk of potential uninsured losses, including from natural disasters; 
 Risks involved in joint ventures; 
 Risks in leasing multi-tenant properties; 
 Risks associated with litigation that could negatively impact our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and the trading price of our shares; 
 A failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or other laws; 
 Risks of environmental liability; 
 Risks associated with the relatively illiquid nature of our real estate investments; 
 Risks associated with owning assets in foreign countries; 
 Risks associated with owning, operating or financing properties for which the tenants', mortgagors' or our operations may be impacted by weather conditions, climate change and natural disasters; 
 Risks associated with the development, redevelopment and expansion of properties and the acquisition of other real estate related companies; 
 Our ability to pay dividends in cash or at current rates; 
 Risks associated with the impact of inflation or market interest rates on the value of our shares; 
 Fluctuations in the market prices for our shares; 
 Certain limits on changes in control imposed under law and by our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws; 
 Policy changes obtained without the approval of our shareholders; 
 Equity issuances that could dilute the value of our shares; 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which may rank senior to our common shares; 
 Risks associated with changes in foreign exchange rates; and 
 Changes in laws and regulations, including tax laws and regulations. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Many of the factors that will determine these items are beyond our ability to control or predict. For further discussion of these factors, see Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "2023 Annual Report") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 29, 2024. 
 
 For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or the date of any document incorporated by reference herein. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 1 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 45 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 47 
 PART II 
 47 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 47 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 48 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 48 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 48 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 48 
 Item 5. Other Information 48 
 Item 6. Exhibits 49 
 
 iii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 EPR PROPERTIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in thousands except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) Assets Real estate investments, net of accumulated depreciation of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Land held for development Property under development Operating lease right-of-use assets Mortgage notes and related accrued interest receivable, net Investment in joint ventures Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Common dividends payable Preferred dividends payable Unearned rents and interest Debt Total liabilities Equity: Common Shares, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and and shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred Shares, par value; shares authorized: 
 Series C convertible shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; liquidation preference of 
 Series E convertible shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; liquidation preference of 
 Series G shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; liquidation preference of 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury shares at cost: and common shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Distributions in excess of net income ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

EPR PROPERTIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rental revenue Other income Mortgage and other financing income Total revenue Property operating expense Other expense General and administrative expense Retirement and severance expense Transaction costs Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net ) ) ) Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses (Loss) gain on sale of real estate ) Income from operations Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff Interest expense, net Equity in loss (income) from joint ventures ) Impairment charges on joint ventures Income before income taxes Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income Preferred dividend requirements Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties per share: Basic Diluted Shares used for computation (in thousands): Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income: Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives, net ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to EPR Properties 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

EPR PROPERTIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share data) EPR Properties Shareholders Equity Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions in excess of net income Total Shares Par Shares Par Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Restricted share units issued to Trustees Issuance of nonvested shares and performance shares, net of cancellations ) Purchase of common shares for vesting ) ) Share-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment Change in unrealized loss on derivatives, net ) ) Net income Issuances of common shares Conversion of Series E Convertible Preferred shares to common shares ) Dividend equivalents accrued on performance shares ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series C preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series E preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series G preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Restricted share units issued to Trustees Purchase of common shares for vesting ) ) Share-based compensation expense Share-based compensation included in retirement and severance expense Foreign currency translation adjustment Change in unrealized loss on derivatives, net ) ) Net income Issuances of common shares Conversion of Series E Convertible Preferred shares to common shares ) Dividend equivalents accrued on performance shares ) ) Dividends to captive REIT preferred shareholders ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series C preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series E preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series G preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Continued on next page. 
 3 

EPR Properties Shareholders Equity Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions in excess of net income Total Shares Par Shares Par Continued from previous page. Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Purchase of common shares for vesting ) ) Share-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in unrealized gain on derivatives, net Net income Issuances of common shares Dividend equivalents accrued on performance shares ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series C preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series E preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series G preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Continued on next page. 
 4 

EPR Properties Shareholders Equity Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions in excess of net income Total Shares Par Shares Par Continued from previous page. Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of nonvested shares and performance shares, net of cancellations Purchase of common shares for vesting ) ) Share-based compensation expense Share-based compensation included in retirement and severance expense Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in unrealized gain on derivatives, net Net income Issuances of common shares Dividend equivalents accrued on performance shares ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series C preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series E preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series G preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Restricted share units issued to Trustees Share-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in unrealized gain on derivatives, net Net income Issuances of common shares Dividend equivalents accrued on performance shares ) ) Dividend to captive REIT preferred shareholders ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series C preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series E preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series G preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Continued on next page. 
 5 

EPR Properties Shareholders Equity Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions in excess of net income Total Shares Par Shares Par Continued from previous page. Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Restricted share units issued to Trustees Share-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment Change in unrealized loss on derivatives. net ) ) Net income Issuances of common shares Dividend equivalents accrued on performance shares ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series C preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series E preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to Series G preferred shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

EPR PROPERTIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Impairment charges Impairment charges on joint ventures Gain on sale of real estate ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff Equity in loss from joint ventures Distributions from joint ventures Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of above/below market leases and tenant allowances, net ) ) Share-based compensation expense to management and Trustees Share-based compensation expense included in retirement and severance expense Change in assets and liabilities: Operating lease assets and liabilities ) Mortgage notes accrued interest receivable ) ) Accounts receivable ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Unearned rents and interest Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Acquisition of and investments in real estate and other assets ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Investment in mortgage notes receivable ) ) Proceeds from mortgage notes receivable paydowns Investment in notes receivable ) Proceeds from note receivable paydowns Additions to properties under development ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt facilities Principal payments on debt ) Deferred financing fees paid ) Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff (cash portion) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common shares Purchase of common shares for treasury for vesting ) ) Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period Supplemental information continued on next page. 
 7 

EPR PROPERTIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Continued from previous page Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period Restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period Restricted cash at end of the period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period Supplemental schedule of non-cash activity: Transfer of property under development to real estate investments Transfer of real estate investments to mortgage note Issuance of nonvested shares and restricted share units at fair value, including nonvested shares issued for payment of bonuses Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes Interest cost capitalized Change in accrued capital expenditures ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

EPR PROPERTIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are shown as a reduction of "Debt" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The deferred financing costs related to the unsecured revolving credit facility of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance s 
 
 9 

million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of straight-line rental revenue, net of write-offs. 
 
 Most of the Company s lease contracts are triple-net leases, which require the tenants to make payments to third parties for lessor costs (such as property taxes and insurance) associated with the properties. In accordance with Topic 842, the Company does not include these lessee payments to third parties in rental revenue or property operating expenses. In certain situations, the Company pays these lessor costs directly to third parties and the tenants reimburse the Company. In accordance with Topic 842, these payments are presented on a gross basis in rental revenue and property operating expense. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recogni zed million for both periods, in tenant reimbursements related to the gross-up of these reimbursed expenses that are included in rental revenue. 
 
 Certain of the Company's leases, particularly at its entertainment districts, require the tenants to make payments to the Company for property-related expenses such as common area maintenance. In accordance with Topic 842, the Company has elected to combine these non-lease components with the lease components in rental revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amounts due for non-lease components included in rental revenue tota led million and million, respectively. 
 
 In addition, most of the Company's tenants are subject to additional rents (above base rents) if gross revenues of the properties exceed certain thresholds defined in the lease agreements (percentage rents). Percentage rents are recognized at the time when specified trigger ing events occur as provided by the lease agreement. Rental revenue included percentage rents of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company regularly evaluates the collectibility of its receivables on a lease-by-lease basis. The evaluation primarily consists of reviewing past due account balances and considering such factors as the credit quality of the Company's tenants, historical trends of the tenant, current economic conditions and changes in customer payment terms. When the collectibility of lease receivables or future lease payments are no longer probable, the Company records a direct write-off of the receivable to rental revenue and recognizes future rental revenue on a cash basis. 
 
 accrued interest write-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company believes that all outstanding accrued interest is collectible. 
 
 In the event the Company has a past due mortgage note or note receivable that the Company determines is collateral-dependent, the Company measures expected credit losses based on the fair value of the collateral with the credit allowance being the difference between the outstanding principal balance of the notes and the estimated fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the Company does not have any mortgage notes o r notes receivable with past due principal balances. Se e Note 6 for further discussion of mortgage notes and notes receivable for which the Company elected to apply the collateral-dependent practical expedient. 
 10 

AMC Regal 

3. 
 
 Furniture, fixtures equipment Land Leasehold interests Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 Depreciation expense on real estate investments was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 11 

4. 
 
 million and recognized an impairment charge of million on real estate investments, which is the amount that the carrying value of the asset exceeded the estimated fair value. 
 
 million of impairment charges related to its equity investments in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that own two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida. See Note 9 for further details on these impairments. 

5. 
 
 million, and included million for the financing of a fitness wellness property in Colorado, million for the acquisition of an attraction property in New York and million for the acquisition and financing of land for build-to-suit eat play developments in Illinois, Kansas and Oklahoma. Investment spending for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included experiential build-to-suit development and redevelopment projects. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed the sale of cultural properties, vacant theatre properties, leased theatre property and vacant early childhood education center for net proceeds totaling million and recognized a net gain on sale totaling million. 

6. 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Investment in notes receivable, including related accrued interest receivable, w as million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, of the Company's mortgage notes receivable and of the Company's notes receivable are considered collateral-dependent and expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral 
 12 

million net of an allowance for credit loss totaling million. The notes receivable remain fully reserved with an allowance for credit loss totaling million and million, respectively, which represents the outstanding principal balances of the notes as of September 30, 2024. Income from these borrowers is recognized on a cash basis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company received cash basis interest payments of million for each period from the mortgage note receivable borrower and million for each period from of the note receivable borrowers. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company received principal payments totaling million and million, respectively, from of the note receivable borrowers. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company's investment in one of the notes receivable was a variable interest investment and the underlying entity is a VIE. The Company is not the primary beneficiary of this VIE because the Company does not individually have the power to direct the activities that are most significant to the entity and, accordingly, this investment is not consolidated. The Company's maximum exposure to loss associated with this VIE is limited to the Company's outstanding note receivable in the amount of million, which is fully reserved in the allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net ) Charge-offs Recoveries Allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 

7. 
 
 Receivable from non-tenants (1) Straight-line rent receivable Total 
 
 (1) Receivable from non-tenants includes a payment of million made to the City of Kansas City, Missouri under protest related to an assessment of tax years ending December 31, 2018 through 2022. The City has denied the Company s necessary deduction for dividends paid for each of these years resulting in assessment of additional tax, penalties and interest. The Company filed a lawsuit and demanded a refund of the million payment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has entered into discussions with City representatives to resolve this matter. Although there can be no assurances, based on the discussions and the Company's position in the lawsuit, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the payment will be refunded. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company continues to recognize revenue on a cash basis for AMC and two other tenants, one of which has deferred rent from this period that is not booked as a 
 13 

million. The Company has collected all deferred receivables from accrual basis tenants that were deferred due to the COVID-19 pandemic. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company collect ed million and million, respect ively, in deferred rent and interest from cash basis customers and from customers for which the deferred p 

8. Capital Markets and Dividends 
 
 and per common share, respectively. Additionally, d uring the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared cash dividends of and per share, respectively, on each of the Company's Series C cumulative convertible preferred shares and the Company's Series G cumulative redeemable preferred shares, and cash dividends of and per share, respectively, on the Company's Series E cumulative convertible preferred shares. 
 
 million Series A unsecured private placement notes due 2024, using funds available under its billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 On September 19, 2024, the Company entered into the Fourth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement) providing for a new amended and restated senior unsecured revolving credit facility. The Amended Credit Agreement amended, restated and replaced the Company's prior senior unsecured revolving credit facility provided under the Third Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement. The amendments to the prior facility, among other things: (i) extended the maturity date of the revolving credit facility; (ii) generally reduced the interest rate payable on outstanding loans; (iii) eliminated the tangible net worth covenant; (iv) modified the secured debt to total assets financial covenant to permit increased secured debt if the Company so elects; and (v) modified and simplified the capitalization rates used to value assets under the facility. 
 
 The Amended Credit Agreement provides for an initial maximum principal amount of billion, which includes a million letter-of-credit subfacility and a million foreign currency revolving credit subfacility. The new credit facility contains an "accordion" feature under which the Company may increase the total maximum principal amount available by billion, to a total of billion, subject to lender consent. The new credit facility matures on October 2, 2028. The Company has options to extend the maturity date of the new credit facility by an additional months each (for a total of months), subject to applicable fees and the absence of any default. The unsecured revolving credit facility bears interest at a floating rate of SOFR plus (based on our unsecured debt ratings and with a SOFR floor of ), which was at September 30, 2024. Additionally, the facility fee on the revolving credit facility is . 
 
 In connection with entering into the Amended Credit Agreement, the Company incurred million in fees that were capitalized in deferred financing costs and amortized as part of the effective yield. These fees are included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also recorded a non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization), totaling million to "Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff" in connection with entering into the Amended Credit Agreement. 

14 

9. 
 
 (1) ) ) Experiential lodging Warrens, WI (2) Experiential lodging Breaux Bridge, LA (3) ) ) Experiential lodging Harrisville, PA (4) ) ) Theatres China various ) ) 
 
 (1) The Company has equity investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, one that holds the investment in the real estate of the experiential lodging properties and the other that holds the lodging operations, which are facilitated by a management agreement. The joint venture that holds the real property has a secured non-recourse mortgage loan of million at September 30, 2024. The maturity date of this mortgage loan is May 18, 2025. The mortgage loan bears interest at SOFR plus , with monthly interest payments required. The joint venture has an interest rate cap agreement to limit the variable portion of the interest rate (SOFR) on this note to from June 1, 2024 to December 1, 2024. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, Hurricane Helene made landfall on St. Pete Beach as a Category 3 storm and damaged the joint ventures' experiential lodging properties. On October 9, 2024, further damage was caused by Hurricane Milton. The properties will remain closed as the joint ventures continue to assess and repair damage and the Company does not anticipate that the properties will re-open until well into 2025. The Company plans to work in good faith with its joint venture partners, the non-recourse debt provider and the insurance companies to identify a path forward which the Company expects will result in the eventual removal of both experiential properties from the Company's portfolio. Accordingly, the Company determined that its investment in these joint ventures had no fair value and was not recoverable, and during the third quarter of 2024, recognized million in other-than-temporary impairment charges on joint ventures related to these equity investments. 
 
 (2) The Company has equity investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, one that holds the investment in the real estate of the experiential lodging property and the other that holds the lodging operations, which are facilitated by a management agreement. The joint venture that holds the real property has a secured non-recourse mortgage loan of million at September 30, 2024. The maturity date of this mortgage loan is September 15, 2031. The loan bears interest at an annual fixed rate of with monthly interest payments required. 
 
 (3) Th e Company has equity investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, one that holds the investment in the real estate of the experiential lodging property and the other that holds the lodging operations, which are facilitated by a management agreement. The joint venture that holds the real estate property has a secured non-recourse senior mortgage loan of million at September 30, 2024. The maturity date of this mortgage loan is March 8, 2034. The mortgage loan bears interest at an annual fixed rate of through April 7, 2025 and increases to from April 8, 2025 through maturity. Monthly interest payments are required. Additionally, the Company provided a subordinated loan to the joint venture for million with a maturity date of March 8, 2034. The mortgage loan bears interest at an annual fixed rate of through the sixth anniversary and increases to SOFR plus with a cap of , through maturity. 
 
 15 

equity investment in separate unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, that through subsequent joint ventures (described below), hold the investments in the real estate of the experiential lodging property and the lodging operations, which are facilitated by a management agreement. The Company's investments in these unconsolidated real estate joint ventures were considered to be variable interest investments and the Company's investment in the joint venture that holds the lodging operations is a VIE. The Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE because the Company does not individually have the power to direct the activities that are most important to the joint venture and, accordingly, this investment is not consolidated. Other than the guarantee described below, the Company's maximum exposure to loss is limited to its initial investment, which was nominal. 
 
 The Company's investments in the unconsolidated real estate joint ventures (representing of each joint venture's equity) have a equity interest in separate consolidated joint ventures, one that holds the investments in the real estate of the experiential lodging property and the other that holds the lodging operations, which are facilitated by a management agreement. The consolidated joint venture that holds the real estate property has a secured non-recourse senior mortgage loan commitment of up to million at September 30, 2024 in order to fund renovations, with million outstanding at September 30, 2024. The maturity date of this mortgage loan is November 1, 2029. The mortgage loan bears interest at an annual fixed rate of with monthly interest payments required. The Company has guaranteed million in principal on the secured mortgage loan, and, upon completion of construction and achieving a specified debt service coverage ratio, the principal guarantee will be reduced to million. The guarantee will be removed completely upon achievement of specified debt service coverage for three consecutive calculation periods. Additionally, the Company has guaranteed the completion of the renovations in the amount of approximately million, with million remaining to fund at September 30, 2024. 

10. 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company had derivative liabilities of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company has not posted or received collateral with its derivative counterparties as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. See Note 11 for disclosures relating to the fair value of the derivative instruments. 
 
 Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
 The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions, including the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on foreign currency transactions and interest rates on its SOFR-based borrowings. The Company manages this risk by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives. The Company s objective in using derivatives is to add stability to reported earnings and to manage its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate movements or other identified risks. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency forwards. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps as its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt or payment of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty, which results in the Company recording net interest expense that is fixed over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
 
 16 

USD SOFR September 30, 2026 
 
 The change in the fair value of interest rate derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. 
 
 Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimates t hat during the twelve months end ing September 30, 2025, thousand of losses will be reclassified from AOCI to interest expense. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Foreign Exchange Risk 
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk against its functional currency, USD, on CAD denominated cash flow from its Canadian properties. The Company uses cross-currency swaps to mitigate its exposure to fluctuations in the USD-CAD exchange rate on cash inflows associated with these properties, which should hedge a significant portion of the Company's expected CAD denominated cash flows. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had the following cross-currency swaps: 
 Fixed rate Notional Amount (in millions, CAD) Annual Cash Flow (in millions, CAD) Maturity CAD per USD 
 October 1, 2024 CAD per USD 
 October 1, 2024 CAD per USD 
 December 1, 2024 
 
 On September 17, 2024, the Company entered into USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that will be effective October 1, 2024 with a total fixed original notional value of million CAD and million USD. The net effect of these swaps is to lock in an exchange rate of CAD per USD on approximately million annual CAD denominated cash flows through December 2026. 
 
 Additionally, on September 17, 2024, the Company entered into USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that will be effective December 1, 2024 with a total fixed original notional value of million CAD and million USD. The net effect of these swaps is to lock in an exchange rate of CAD per USD on approximately million annual CAD denominated cash flows through December 2026. 
 
 The change in the fair value of foreign currency derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risk is recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimates t hat during the twelve months ending September 30, 2025, thousand of losses will be reclassified from AOCI to other income. 
 
 17 

CAD per USD 
 October 1, 2025 CAD per USD 
 December 1, 2025 Total 
 
 For qualifying foreign currency derivatives designated as net investment hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivatives is reported in AOCI as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. Amounts are reclassified out of AOCI into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized over the life of the hedge on a systematic and rational basis, as documented at hedge inception in accordance with the Company's accounting policy election. The earnings recognition of excluded components are presented in other income. ) Amount of Income Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings (1) Cross-Currency Swaps Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivative ) Amount of Income Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings (2) Net Investment Hedges Currency Forward Agreements Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivative ) Total Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivatives ) Amount of Income Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Interest expense, net in accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income Other income in accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income 
 (1) Included in "Interest expense, net" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 18 

Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 The Company has an agreement with its interest rate derivative counterparty that contains a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its obligations for borrowed money or credit in an amount exceeding million and such default is not waived or cured within a specified period of time, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its interest rate derivative agreements. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Company's derivatives in a liability position related to these agreements was million . If the Company breached any of the contractual provisions of these derivative contracts, it would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of million, after considering the right of offset. As o f September 30, 2024, the Company had not posted any collateral related to these agreements and was not in breach of any provisions in these agreements. 

11. 
 
 Cross-Currency Swaps (2) ) ) Currency Forward Agreements (2) ) ) Interest Rate Swap Agreements (1) December 31, 2023 Cross-Currency Swaps (1) Currency Forward Agreements (2) ) ) Interest Rate Swap Agreements (1) 
 (1) Included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 19 

Investment in joint ventures (2) December 31, 2023 Real estate investments, net (3) 
 
 (1) As further discussed in Note 4 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to real estate investments, net, on property. Management estimated the fair value of this investment taking into account various factors, including an independent appraisal, shortened hold period and market conditions. The significant inputs and assumptions used in the real estate appraisal included land valued at approximately thousand per acre less demolition costs of approximately per square foot of building. These measurements were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because many of the assumptions were not observable. 
 
 (2) As further discussed in Note 9, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment charges of million related to its investment in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that own two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida. Management estimated the fair value of these investments, taking into account various factors including implied asset value changes based on discounted cash flow projections and current market conditions. The Company determined, based on the inputs, that its valuation of investment in joint ventures was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as many of the assumptions were not observable. 
 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to real estate investments, net, on properties. Management estimated the fair values of these investments taking into account various factors including independent appraisals, shortened hold periods and market conditions. The significant inputs and assumptions used in the real estate appraisals included market rents ranging from per square foot to per square foot, discount rates ranging from to and terminal capitalization rates ranging from to . These measurements were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because many of the assumptions were not observable. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 Mortgage notes receivable and related accrued interest receivable, net: 
 The fair value of the Company s mortgage notes and related accrued interest receivable, net, is estimated by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument using current market rates. At September 30, 2024, the Company had a carrying value of million in fixed-rate mortgage notes receivable outstanding, including related accrued interest and allowance for credit losses, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately . The fixed-rate mortgage notes bear interest at rates of to . Discounting the future cash flows for fixed-rate mortgage notes receivable using rates of to , management estimates the fair value of the fixed-rate mortgage notes receivable to be approximately million with an estimated weighted average market rate of at September 30, 2024. 
 20 

million in fixed-rate mortgage notes receivable outstanding, including related accrued interest and allowance for credit losses, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately . The fixed-rate mortgage notes bear interest at rates of to . Discounting the future cash flows for fixed-rate mortgage notes receivable using rates of to , management estimates the fair value of the fixed-rate mortgage notes receivable to be million with an estimated weighted average market rate of at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Derivative instruments: 
 Derivative instruments are carried at their fair value. 
 
 Debt instruments: 
 The fair value of the Company's debt is estimated by discounting the future cash flo ws of each instrument using current market rates. At September 30, 2024, the Company had a carrying value of million in variable-rate debt outstanding with an average interest rate of approximately . The carrying value of the variable-rate debt outstanding approximated the fair value at September 30, 2024. 
 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company had a carrying value of million in variable-rate debt outstanding with an interest rate of approximately . The carrying value of the variable-rate debt outstanding approximated the fair value at December 31, 2023. 
 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the million of variable-rate debt outstanding, discussed above, had been effectively converted to a fixed rate by an interest rate swap agreement. See Note 10 for additional information related to the Company's interest rate swap agreement. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had a carrying value of billion in fixed-rate long-term debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of approximately . Discounting the future cash flows for fixed-rate debt using September 30, 2024 market rates of to , management estimates the fair value of the fixed rate debt to be approximately billion with an estimated weighted average market rate of at September 30, 2024. 
 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company had a carrying value of billion in fixed-rate long-term debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of approximately . Discounting the future cash flows for fixed-rate debt using December 31, 2023 market rates of to , management estimates the fair value of the fixed rate debt to be approximately billion with an estimated weighted average market rate of at December 31, 2023. 
 
 21 

12. 
 
 Less: preferred dividend requirements ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Diluted EPS: Net income available to common shareholders Effect of dilutive securities: Performance shares Net income available to common shareholders 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Income (numerator) Shares (denominator) Per Share Amount Income (numerator) Shares (denominator) Per Share Amount Basic EPS: Net income Less: preferred dividend requirements ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Diluted EPS: Net income available to common shareholders Effect of dilutive securities: Share options and performance shares Net income available to common shareholders 
 
 The effect of the potential common shares from the conversion of the Company s convertible preferred shares and from the exercise of share options are included in diluted earnings per share if the effect is dilutive. Potential common shares from the performance shares are included in diluted earnings per share upon the satisfaction of certain performance and market conditions. These conditions are evaluated at each reporting period and, if the conditions have been satisfied during the reporting period, the number of contingently issuable shares are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. 
 
 The following shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive, or in the case of contingently issuable performance shares, are not probable of issuance: 
 The additional million common shares that would result from the conversion of the Company s Series C cumulative convertible preferred shares and the corresponding add-back of the preferred dividends declared on those shares for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 22 

million common shares that would result from the conversion of the Company s Series E cumulative convertible preferred shares and the corresponding add-back of the preferred dividends declared on those shares for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Outstanding options to purchase thousand and thousand common shares at per share prices ranging from to for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 thousand contingently issuable performance shares granted during 2024 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 

13. 
 
 million, which included cash payments totaling million and accelerated vesting of nonvested shares totaling million. 

14. 
 
 common shares, options to purchase common shares and restricted share units, subject to adjustment in the event of certain capital events, may be granted. Additionally, the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (2020 LTIP) is a sub-plan under the Company's 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2020 LTIP, the Company awards performance shares and restricted shares to the Company's executive officers. At September 30, 2024, there we re shares available for grant under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Nonvested Shares 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The holders of nonvested shares have voting rights and receive dividends from the date of grant. The fair value of the nonvested shares that vested was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expense recognized related to nonvested shares and included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expense related to nonvested shares and included in retirement and severance expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, unamortized share-based compensation expense related to nonvested shares was million. 
 
 23 

Granted Vested (2) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) The grant date fair value was determined utilizing (i) a Monte Carlo simulation model to generate an estimate of the Company's future stock price over the three-year performance period for performance shares based on the Company's Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance further described below and (ii) the Company's grant date fair value for performance shares based on the Company's estimated Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in AFFO per share over the three-year performance period. 
 
 (2) The achievement of the performance conditions for the performance shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted in a performance payout percentage of for both the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of the Company's peer group companies and the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of companies in the MSCI US REIT Index and a payout percentage of for the Company's CAGR in AFFO per share over the three-year performance period. The achievement of the performance conditions and the above payout percentages resulted in the issuance of common shares and common shares from dividend equivalents. The fair value of the performance shares and dividend equivalents that vested was million. 
 
 The number of common shares issuable upon settlement of the performance shares granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 will be based upon the Company's achievement level relative to performance measures at December 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The achievement level for the performance shares granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is based upon the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of the Company's peer group companies, based upon the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of companies in the MSCI US REIT Index and based upon the Company's estimated CAGR in AFFO per share over the three-year performance period. The achievement level for the performance shares granted during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is based upon the Company's Total Shareholder Return (TSR) relative to the TSRs of the Company's peer group companies, based upon the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of companies in the MSCI US REIT Index and based upon the Company's Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in AFFO per share over the three-year performance period. The Company's achievement level relative to the performance measures is assigned a specific payout percentage, which is multiplied by a target number of performance shares. 
 
 The performance shares based on relative TSR performance have market conditions and are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the grant date, which resulted in a grant date fair value of approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value is amortized to expense over the three-year performance periods, which end on December 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024 for performance shares granted in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo simulation for computing the grant date fair value of the performance shares with a market condition for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: risk-free interest rate of , volatility factors in the expected market price of the Company's common shares of and an expected life of approximately . 
 
 The performance shares based on growth in AFFO per share have a performance condition. The probability of achieving the performance condition is assessed at each reporting period. If it is deemed probable that the performance condition will be met, compensation cost will be recognized based on the closing price per share of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant multiplied by the number of awards expected to be earned. If it is deemed that it is not probable that the performance condition will be met, the Company will discontinue the recognition of compensation cost and any compensation cost previously recorded will be reversed. At September 30, 2024, achievement of the performance condition was deemed probable for the performance shares granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2022 with an expected payout percentage of , which resulted in a grant 
 24 

million. Achievement of the performance condition for the performance shares granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was deemed not probable at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Expense recognized related to performance shares and included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expense related to performance shares and included in retirement and severance expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, unamortized share-based compensation expense related to nonvested performance shares was million. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Share Units 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 The holders of restricted share units receive dividend equivalents from the date of grant. Total expense recognized related to shares issued to non-employee Trustees and included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive inc ome was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, unamortized share-based compensation expense related to restricte d share units was million. 

15. 
 
 operating ground leases. The Company's tenants, who are generally sub-tenants under these ground leases, are responsible for paying the rent under these ground leases. As of September 30, 2024, rental revenue from of the Company's tenants, who are also sub-tenants under the ground leases, is being recognized on a cash basis. In most cases, the ground lease sub-tenants have continued to pay the rent under these ground leases, however, of these properties do not currently have sub-tenants. In the event the tenant fails to pay the ground lease rent or if the property does not have a sub-tenant, the Company is primarily responsible for the payment, assuming the Company does not sell or re-tenant the property. The Company is also the lessee in an operating lease of its executive office. 
 
 25 

Sublease income - operating ground leases Rental revenue Lease costs Operating ground lease cost Property operating expense Operating office lease cost General and administrative expense 

16. 
 
 reportable operating segments: Experiential and Education. 
 
 The financial information summarized below is presented by reportable operating segment (in thousands): 
 Balance Sheet Data: As of September 30, 2024 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Total Assets As of December 31, 2023 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Total Assets 
 
 26 

Other income Mortgage and other financing income 
 Total revenue Property operating expense 
 Other expense Total investment expenses 
 Net operating income - before unallocated items ) Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ) Transaction costs ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net Depreciation and amortization ) Loss on sale of real estate ) Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff ) Interest expense, net ) Equity in loss from joint ventures ) Impairment charges on joint ventures ) Income tax benefit Net income Preferred dividend requirements ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 
 Operating Data: Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Rental revenue Other income Mortgage and other financing income 
 Total revenue Property operating expense 
 Other expense Total investment expenses 
 Net operating income - before unallocated items ) Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ) Transaction costs ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net Impairment charges ) Depreciation and amortization ) Gain on sale of real estate Interest expense, net ) Equity in income from joint ventures Income tax expense ) Net income Preferred dividend requirements ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 
 
 27 

Other income Mortgage and other financing income Total revenue Property operating expense Other expense Total investment expenses Net operating income - before unallocated items ) Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ) Retirement and severance expense ) Transaction costs ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net ) Impairment charges ) Depreciation and amortization ) Gain on sale of real estate Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff ) Interest expense, net ) Equity in loss from joint ventures ) Impairment charges on joint ventures ) Income tax expense ) Net income Preferred dividend requirements ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties Operating Data: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Rental revenue Other income Mortgage and other financing income Total revenue Property operating expense Other expense Total investment expenses Net operating income - before unallocated items Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ) Retirement and severance expense ) Transaction costs ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net Impairment charges ) Depreciation and amortization ) Gain on sale of real estate Interest expense, net ) Equity in loss from joint ventures ) Income tax expense ) Net income Preferred dividend requirements ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 
 28 

17. 
 
 development projects with commitments to fund an aggregate of approximately million. The Company advances development costs in periodic draws. If the Company determines that construction is not being completed in accordance with the terms of the development agreement, it can discontinue funding construction draws. The Company has agreed to lease the properties to the operators at pre-determined rates upon completion of construction. 
 
 The Company has certain commitments related to its mortgage notes investments that it may be required to fund in the future. The Company is generally obligated to fund these commitments at the request of the borrower or upon the occurrence of events outside of its direct control. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had mortgage notes with commitments totaling approximately million. If commitments are funded in the future, interest will be charged at rates consistent with the existing investments. 
 
 surety bonds outstanding totaling million. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EPR Properties (the Company , EPR , we or us ). The forward-looking statements included in this discussion and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties, including anticipated financial performance, anticipated liquidity and capital resources, business prospects, industry trends, shareholder returns, performance of leases by tenants, performance on loans to customers and other matters, which reflect management's best judgment based on factors currently known. See Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. Actual results and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in our 2023 Annual Report. 

Overview 
 
 Business 
 Our principal business objective is to enhance shareholder value by achieving predictable and increasing Funds From Operations As Adjusted ("FFOAA") and dividends per share. Our strategy is to focus on long-term investments in the Experiential sector that benefit from our depth of knowledge and relationships, and which we believe offer sustained performance throughout most economic cycles. 
 
 Our investment portfolio includes ownership of and long-term mortgages on Experiential and Education properties. Substantially all of our owned single-tenant properties are leased pursuant to long-term, triple-net leases, under which the tenants typically pay all operating expenses of the property. Tenants at our owned multi-tenant properties are typically required to pay common area maintenance charges to reimburse us for their pro-rata portion of these costs. We also own certain experiential lodging assets structured using traditional REIT lodging structures. 
 
 It has been our strategy to structure leases and financings to ensure a positive spread between our cost of capital and the rentals or interest paid by our tenants. We have primarily acquired or developed new properties that are pre-leased to a single tenant or multi-tenant properties with a high occupancy rate. We have also entered into certain joint ventures and provided mortgage note financing. We intend to continue entering into some or all of these types of arrangements in the foreseeable future. 
 
 29 

Historically, our primary challenges had been locating suitable properties, negotiating favorable lease or financing terms (on new or existing properties), and managing our portfolio as we continued to grow. We believe our management s knowledge and industry relationships have facilitated opportunities for us to acquire, finance and lease properties. More recently, and as further discussed below, the challenging economic environment has increased our cost of capital, which has negatively impacted our ability to make investments in the near-term. Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A - Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our total assets were approximately 5.7 billion (after accumulated depreciation of approximately 1.5 billion) with properties located in 44 states, Ontario and Quebec, Canada. Our total investments (a non-GAAP financial measure) were approximately 6.9 billion at September 30, 2024. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for the reconciliation of "Total assets" in the consolidated balance sheet to total investments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We group our investments into two reportable segments, Experiential and Education. As of September 30, 2024, our Experiential investments comprised 6.4 billion, or 93 , and our Education investments comprised 0.5 billion, or 7 , of our total investments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Experiential portfolio (excluding property under development and undeveloped land inventory) consisted of the following property types (owned or financed): 
 159 theatre properties; 
 58 eat play properties (including seven theatres located in entertainment districts); 
 24 attraction properties; 
 11 ski properties; 
 seven experiential lodging properties; 
 22 fitness wellness properties; 
 one gaming property; and 
 one cultural property. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our owned Experiential real estate portfolio consisted of approximately 19.5 million square feet, which includes 0.4 million square feet of properties we intend to sell. The Experiential portfolio, excluding the properties we intend to sell, was 99 leased and included 76.9 million in property under development and 20.2 million in undeveloped land inventory. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Education portfolio consisted of the following property types (owned or financed): 
 60 early childhood education center properties; and 
 nine private school properties. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our owned Education real estate portfolio consisted of approximately 1.3 million square feet, which includes 39 thousand square feet of properties we intend to sell. The Education portfolio, excluding the properties we intend to sell, was 100 leased. 
 
 The combined owned portfolio consisted of 20.8 million square feet and was 99 leased excluding the 0.4 million square feet of properties we intend to sell. 
 
 Challenging Economic Environment 
 REITs are generally experiencing heightened risks and uncertainties resulting from current challenging economic conditions, including significant volatility and negative pressure in financial and capital markets, higher cost of capital, lasting impacts of high inflation and other risks and uncertainties associated with the current economic environment. Although we intend to continue making future investments, we expect our levels of investment spending to be reduced in the near-term due to elevated costs of capital, and near-term investments will be funded primarily from cash on hand, excess cash flow, disposition proceeds and borrowing availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility, subject to maintaining our leverage levels consistent with past practice. As a result, we 
 30 

intend to continue to be more selective in making future investments and acquisitions until such time as economic conditions improve and our cost of capital improves. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to recognize revenue on a cash basis for AMC and two other tenants, one of which has deferred rent from this period that is not booked as a receivable of approximately 11.5 million. We collected all deferred receivables from accrual basis tenants that were deferred due to the COVID-19 pandemic. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we collected 0.6 million and 35.7 million, respectively, in deferred rent and interest from cash basis customers and from customers for which the deferred payments were not previously recognized as revenue. 
 
 Operating Results 
 Our total revenue, net income available to common shareholders per diluted share and Funds From Operations As Adjusted ("FFOAA") per diluted share (a non-GAAP financial measure) are detailed below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions, except per share information): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Total revenue 180.5 189.4 (5) 520.8 533.7 (2) Net income available to common shareholders per diluted share 0.53 0.66 (20) 1.80 1.45 24 FFOAA per diluted share 1.30 1.47 (12) 3.64 4.00 (9) 
 
 The major factors impacting our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 The decrease in rental revenue due to a comprehensive restructuring agreement with Regal and higher deferred rental payments from cash basis tenants received in 2023; 
 The effect of property acquisitions and dispositions that occurred in 2024 and 2023; 
 The increase in other income and other expense related to additional operating properties; 
 The decrease in impairment charges and general and administrative expense; 
 The increase in equity in loss from joint ventures and the increase in impairment charges on joint ventures; 
 The recognition of provision for credit losses, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the recognition of benefit for credit losses, net for nine months ended September 30, 2023; and 
 The recognition of loss on sale of real estate versus gain in sale of real estate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three months ended September 30, 2023 and the recognition of higher gain on sale of real estate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 For further detail on items impacting our operating results, see section below titled "Results of Operations." FFOAA is a non-GAAP financial measure. For the definitions and further details on the calculations of FFOAA and certain other non-GAAP financial measures, see the section below titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. In preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and assumptions that affect the reported assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate, accounting for real estate acquisitions, assessing the collectibility of receivables and the credit loss related to mortgage and other notes receivable. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ 
 31 

from these estimates. A summary of critical accounting policies and estimates is included in our 2023 Annual Report. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes to critical accounting policies. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Investment Spending 
 Our investment spending during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 tota le d 214.6 million and 135.5 million, respectively, and is detailed below (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Operating Segment Total Investment Spending New Development Re-development Asset Acquisition Mortgage Notes or Notes Receivable Investment in Joint Ventures Experiential: Theatres 370 370 Eat Play 31,944 20,963 797 10,184 Attractions 55,798 164 33,437 22,197 Ski 1,729 1,729 Experiential Lodging 7,757 7,757 Fitness Wellness 115,171 21,756 37,944 55,471 Cultural 1,860 1,860 Total Experiential 214,629 42,719 41,135 33,437 89,581 7,757 Education: Total Education Total Investment Spending 214,629 42,719 41,135 33,437 89,581 7,757 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Operating Segment Total Investment Spending New Development Re-development Asset Acquisition Mortgage Notes or Notes Receivable Investment in Joint Ventures Experiential: Theatres 2,787 2,787 Eat Play 19,769 18,607 1,162 Attractions 17,411 3,610 13,801 Ski 3,762 3,762 Experiential Lodging 13,152 13,152 Fitness Wellness 73,813 25,561 1,457 43,770 3,025 Cultural 4,801 4,801 Total Experiential 135,495 44,168 13,817 43,770 20,588 13,152 Education: Total Education Total Investment Spending 135,495 44,168 13,817 43,770 20,588 13,152 
 
 The above amounts include 2.3 million and 2.5 million in capitalized interest for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 114 thousand and 103 thousand in capitalized other general and administrative direct project costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Excluded from the table above is approximately 5.4 million and 7.1 million of maintenance capital expenditures and other spending for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 32 

Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the sales of two cultural properties, six vacant theatre properties, one leased theatre property and one vacant early childhood education center for net proceeds totaling 65.1 million. In connection with these sales, we recognized a net gain on sale totaling 16.0 million. 
 
 Impairment Charges 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reassessed the holding period of one of our theatre properties that is operated through a third-party management agreement. We determined that the carrying value of the theatre property did not exceed the sum of the undiscounted cash flows and estimated the fair value of the real estate investments of this property using an independent appraisal. Accordingly, we recognized impairment charges totaling 11.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 During and subsequent to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida that we hold as equity investments through joint ventures, were significantly damaged by two weather events. On September 26, 2024, Hurricane Helene made landfall on St. Pete Beach as a Category 3 storm and damaged the joint ventures' experiential lodging properties. On October 9, 2024, further damage was caused by Hurricane Milton. The properties will remain closed as the joint ventures continue to assess and repair damage and we do not anticipate that the properties will re-open until well into 2025. We plan to work in good faith with our joint venture partners, the non-recourse debt provider and the insurance companies to identify a path forward which we expect will result in the eventual removal of both experiential properties from our portfolio. Accordingly, we determined that our investment in these joint ventures had no fair value and was not recoverable, and during the third quarter of 2024, recognized 12.1 million in other-than-temporary impairment charges on joint ventures related to these equity investments. 
 
 Retirement and Severance Expense 
 On March 1, 2024, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Craig Evans, retired. Details of Mr. Evans' retirement are included in the previously disclosed Retirement and Release Agreement entered into between us and Mr. Evans. The role of General Counsel and Secretary was assumed by Paul Turvey upon Mr. Evans' retirement. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, we recorded retirement and severance expense related to Mr. Evans' retirement, as well as the departure of another employee, totaling 1.8 million, which included cash payments totaling 0.2 million and accelerated vesting of nonvested shares totaling 1.6 million. 
 
 Capital Markets Activities 
 On August 22, 2024, we repaid our 136.6 million Series A unsecured private placement notes due 2024, using funds available on our 1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into a Fourth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement (the "Amended Credit Agreement"). See discussion below in Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 33 

Results of Operations 
 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Analysis of Revenue 
 
 The following table summarizes our total revenue (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Minimum rent (1) 132,828 151,080 (18,252) 396,418 436,284 (39,866) Percentage rent (2) 5,944 2,096 3,848 9,817 6,032 3,785 Straight-line rent (3) 4,414 4,407 7 13,335 7,661 5,674 Tenant reimbursements 5,038 5,987 (949) 15,111 16,237 (1,126) Other rental revenue 453 370 83 1,370 1,187 183 Total Rental Revenue 148,677 163,940 (15,263) 436,051 467,401 (31,350) Other income (4) 17,419 14,422 2,997 43,874 33,879 9,995 Mortgage and other financing income (5) 14,411 11,022 3,389 40,909 32,407 8,502 Total revenue 180,507 189,384 (8,877) 520,834 533,687 (12,853) 
 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, the decrease in minimum rent resulted from a decrease of 2.7 million related to the comprehensive restructuring agreement with Regal entered into on June 27, 2023, a 16.9 million decrease in deferred rental repayments from cash basis tenants, a 1.2 million decrease from property dispositions and a 0.9 million decrease from vacant properties. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in rental revenue of 1.8 million related to property acquisitions and developments completed in 2024 and 2023 and an increase in rental revenue on existing properties of 1.6 million. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant lease renewals on existing properties. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the decrease in minimum rent resulted from a decrease of 11.5 million related to the comprehensive restructuring agreement with Regal entered into on June 27, 2023, a 32.7 million decrease in deferred rental repayments from cash basis tenants, a 4.6 million decrease from property dispositions and a 1.6 million decrease from vacant properties. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in rental revenue of 5.9 million related to property acquisitions and developments completed in 2024 and 2023 and an increase in rental revenue on existing properties of 4.6 million. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we renewed ten lease agreements on approximately 295 thousand square feet and experienced a decrease of approximately 0.5 in rental rates and paid no leasing commissions with respect to these lease renewals. 
 
 (2) The increase in percentage rent (amounts above base rent) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due primarily to higher percentage rent recognized from our theatre tenants, one cultural property tenant, one attraction property tenant and our gaming tenant. 
 
 (3) The increase in straight-line rent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to property acquisitions and developments completed in 2024 and 2023 as well as straight-line rent receivable for Regal recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in connection with reestablishing accrual basis accounting for Regal at August 1, 2023. 
 34 

(4) The increase in other income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to an increase in operating income from the addition of five operating theatre properties in the third quarter of 2023 that were previously leased by Regal. One of these properties was closed on September 20, 2024 and is currently vacant as we prepare to sell it. 
 
 (5) The increase in mortgage and other financing income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to interest income on new mortgage notes funded in 2024 and 2023 and from additional investments on existing mortgage note receivables. 
 
 Analysis of Expenses and Other Line Items 
 
 The following table summarizes our expenses and other line items (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Property operating expense 14,611 14,592 19 43,958 42,719 1,239 Other expense (1) 15,631 13,124 2,507 43,440 31,235 12,205 General and administrative expense (2) 11,935 13,464 (1,529) 37,863 42,677 (4,814) Retirement and severance expense 1,836 547 1,289 Transaction costs 175 847 (672) 375 1,153 (778) Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net (770) (719) (51) 2,371 (407) 2,778 Impairment charges (3) 20,887 (20,887) 11,812 64,672 (52,860) Depreciation and amortization 42,795 42,432 363 124,738 127,341 (2,603) (Loss) gain on sale of real estate (4) (3,419) 2,550 (5,969) 15,989 1,415 14,574 Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff 337 337 337 337 Interest expense, net (5) 32,867 31,208 1,659 97,338 94,521 2,817 Equity in loss (income) from joint ventures (6) 851 (533) 1,384 5,384 2,067 3,317 Impairment charges on joint ventures (7) 12,130 12,130 12,130 12,130 Income tax (benefit) expense (124) 372 (496) 780 1,060 (280) Preferred dividend requirements 6,032 6,032 18,104 18,105 (1) 
 (1) The increase in other expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to the addition of operating expense from five theatre properties that were previously leased by Regal. One of these properties was closed on September 20, 2024 and is currently vacant as we prepare to sell it. 
 
 (2) The decrease in general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2024 related primarily to a decrease in payroll and benefit costs. The decrease in general and administrative expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to a decrease in payroll and benefit costs, a decrease in franchise taxes due to a state legislative change that went into effect during the second quarter of 2024 as well as a decrease in professional fees, including those related to the comprehensive restructuring agreement with Regal in 2023. 
 
 35 

(3) Impairment charges recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to one theatre property that was operated through a third-party management agreement but, as disclosed above, was closed on September 20, 2024 and is currently vacant as we prepare to sell it. Impairment charges recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2023, related to two theatre properties that were part of a workout with a smaller theatre tenant and impairment charges recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to these two theatre properties and eight properties surrendered by Regal not included in the new master lease. 
 
 (4) The loss on sale of real estate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 related to the sale of two theatre properties and one vacant early childhood education center. The net gain on sale of real estate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to the sales of two vacant theatre properties and two early childhood education centers. 
 The gain on sale of real estate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the sale of two cultural properties, six vacant theatre properties, one leased theatre property and one vacant early childhood education center. The net gain on sale of real estate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the sale of two vacant theatre properties, one vacant eat play property, three vacant early childhood education centers and a land parcel. 
 (5) The increase in interest expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted primarily from an increase in average borrowings and an increase in our weighted average interest rate on outstanding debt due to borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. This increase was also due to a decrease in interest income from short-term investments related to cash on hand. 
 (6) The increase in equity in loss from joint ventures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to higher expenses, including insurance, depreciation and interest, at our joint ventures during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as well as the impact from Hurricane Helene that damaged two hotels in St. Pete Beach, Florida as discussed above. 
 (7) The increase in impairment charges on joint ventures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to other-than-temporary impairments of our equity investments in two joint ventures holding two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida due to hurricane damage described above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 35.3 million at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had no uninsured deposits. In addition, we had restricted cash of 3.0 million at September 30, 2024, which related primarily to escrow deposits required for property management and debt agreements or held for potential acquisitions and redevelopments. 
 
 Mortgage Debt, Senior Notes and Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
 At September 30, 2024, we had total debt ou tstanding of 2.9 billion, of which 99 was unsecured. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had outs tanding 2.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes (excluding the private placement notes discussed below) ranging in interest rates from 3.60 to 4.95 . The notes contain various covenants, including: (i) a limitation on incurrence of any debt that would cause the ratio of our debt to adjusted total assets to exceed 60 ; (ii) a limitation on incurrence of any secured debt that would cause the ratio of secured debt to adjusted total assets to exceed 40 ; (iii) a limitation on incurrence of any debt that would cause our debt service coverage ratio to be less than 1.5 times; and (iv) the maintenance at all times of our total unencumbered assets such that they are not less than 150 of our outstanding unsecured debt. Interest payments on our unsecured senior notes are due semiannually. 
 
 36 

At September 30, 2024, we had 169.0 million outstanding balance under our 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. On July 3, 2024, we amended our Third Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, which governs our unsecured revolving credit facility, to incorporate the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA) as a replacement index rate benchmark with respect to loans denominated in Canadian Dollars (CAD) as the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR) has been phased out. 
 
 On September 19, 2024, we entered into the Amended Credit Agreement providing for a new amended and restated senior unsecured revolving credit facility. The Amended Credit Agreement amended, restated and replaced our prior senior unsecured revolving credit facility provided under the Third Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement. The amendments to the prior facility, among other things: (i) extended the maturity date of the revolving credit facility; (ii) generally reduced the interest rate payable on outstanding loans; (iii) eliminated the tangible net worth covenant; (iv) modified the secured debt to total assets financial covenant to permit increased secured debt if we so elect; and (v) modified and simplified the capitalization rates used to value assets under the facility. 
 
 The Amended Credit Agreement provides for an initial maximum principal amount of borrowing availability of 1.0 billion, which includes a 100.0 million letter-of-credit subfacility and a 300.0 million foreign currency revolving credit subfacility. The new credit facility contains an "accordion" feature under which we may increase the total maximum principal amount available by 1.0 billion, to a total of 2.0 billion, subject to lender consent. The new credit facility matures on October 2, 2028. We have two options to extend the maturity date of the new credit facility by an additional six months each (for a total of 12 months), subject to paying additional fees and the absence of any default. The unsecured revolving credit facility bears interest at a floating rate of SOFR plus 1.15 (based on our unsecured debt ratings and with a SOFR floor of zero), which was 5.98 at September 30, 2024. Additionally, the facility fee on the revolving credit facility is 0.25 . 
 
 In connection with entering into the Amended Credit Agreement, we incurred 9.0 million in fees that were capitalized in deferred financing costs and amortized as part of the effective yield. These fees are included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we also recorded a non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization), totaling 0.3 million to "Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff" in connection with entering into the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding 179.6 million of Series B senior unsecured notes that were issued in a private placement transaction and are due on August 22, 2026. At September 30, 2024, the interest rate for these Series B private placement notes was 4.56 . The private placement notes were originally issued in two tranches: Series A due 2024; and Series B due 2026. On August 22, 2024, we repaid in full the Series A notes for 136.6 million using funds available under our 1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 
 Our unsecured revolving credit facility and the private placement notes contain financial covenants or restrictions that limit our levels of consolidated debt, secured debt, investments outside certain categories, stock repurchases and dividend distributions and require us to meet certain coverage levels for fixed charges and debt service. Additionally, these debt instruments contain cross-default provisions if we default under other indebtedness exceeding certain amounts. Those cross-default thresholds vary from 50.0 million to 75.0 million, depending upon the debt instrument. We were in compliance with all financial and other covenants under our debt instruments at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our principal investing activities are acquiring, developing and financing Experiential properties. These investing activities have generally been financed with senior unsecured notes and the proceeds from equity offerings. Our unsecured revolving credit facility and cash from operations are also used to finance the acquisition or development of properties, and to provide mortgage financing. We have and expect to continue to issue debt securities in public or private offerings. We have and may in the future assume mortgage debt in connection with property acquisitions or incur new mortgage debt on existing properties. We may also issue equity securities in connection with acquisitions. Continued growth of our real estate investments and mortgage financing portfolios will depend in part on our continued ability to access funds through additional borrowings and securities offerings and, to a lesser extent, our ability to assume debt in connection with property acquisitions. We may also fund investments with the 
 37 

proceeds from asset dispositions. As discussed above, due to our current elevated cost of capital, we intend to fund our investments in the near term primarily from cash on hand, excess cash flow, disposition proceeds and borrowing availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility, subject to maintaining our leverage levels consistent with past practice. 
 
 Liquidity Requirements 
 Short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of normal recurring corporate operating expenses, debt service requirements and distributions to shareholders. We have historically met these requirements primarily through cash provided by operating ac tivitie s. The table below summarizes our cash flows (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 300,199 370,092 Net cash used by investing activities (145,642) (97,033) Net cash used by financing activities (197,151) (207,727) 
 
 Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 13 development projects with commitments to fund an aggregate of approximately 144.1 million, of which approximately 31.1 million is expected to be funded in the remainder of 2024. Development costs are advanced by us in periodic draws. If we determine that co nstruction is not being completed in accordance with the terms of the development agreement, we may discontinue funding construction draws. We have agreed to lease the properties to the operators at pre-determined rates upon completion of construction. 
 
 We have certain commitments related to our mortgage notes investments that we may be required to fund in the future. We are generally obligated to fund these commitments at the request of the borrower or upon the occurrence of events outside of our direct control. As of September 30, 2024 , we had five mortgage notes with commitments totaling approximately 73.1 million, of which 20.2 million is expected to be funded in the remainder of 2024. If commitments are funded in the future, interest will be charged at rates consistent with the existing investments. 
 
 In connection with construction of our development projects and related infrastructure, certain public agencies require posting of surety bonds to guarantee that our obligations will be satisfied. These bonds expire upon the completion of the improvemen ts or infrastructure. As of September 30, 2024, we had three surety bonds outstanding totaling 0.6 million. 
 
 Liquidity An alysis 
 We currently anticipate that our cash on hand, cash from operations, funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility and proceeds from asset dispositions will provide adequate liquidity to meet our financial commitments, including the amounts needed to fund our operations, make recurring debt service payments, allow distributions to our shareholders and avoid corporate level federal income or excise tax in accordance with REIT Internal Revenue Code requirements. 
 
 Long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of debt maturities. We have 300.0 million of debt maturities due April 1, 2025. We currently believe that we will be able to repay, extend, refinance or otherwise settle our debt maturities as the debt comes due and that we will be able to fund our remaining commitments, as necessary. However, there can be no assurance that additional financing or capital will be available, or that terms will be acceptable or advantageous to us, particularly in light of the challenging economic environment and our elevated cost of capital. 
 
 Our primary use of cash after paying operating expenses, debt service, distributions to shareholders and funding existing commitments is in growing our investment portfolio through acquiring, developing and financing additional properties. We expect to finance these investments with borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility as well as debt and equity financing alternatives or proceeds from asset dispositions. If we borrow the maximum amount available under our unsecured revolving credit facility, there can be no assurance that we will be able to 
 38 

obtain additional or substitute investment financing. We may also assume mortgage debt in connection with property acquisitions. The availability and terms of any such financing or sales will depend upon market and other conditions. 
 
 T he challenging economic environment has increased our cost of capital, which has negatively impacted our ability to make investments in the near-term. As a result, we intend to continue to be more selective in making investments, acquisitions, utilizing cash on hand, excess cash flow and borrowings under our line of credit until such time as economic conditions improve and our cost of capital returns to acceptable levels. 

Capital Structure 
 We believe that our shareholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. Therefore, we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet as measured primarily by o ur net debt to adjusted EBITDAre ratio (see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for definitions). Because adjusted EBITDAre, as defined, does not include the annualization of investments put in service, acquired or disposed of during the quarter, or the potential earnings on property under development, the annualization of percentage rent and adjustments for other items, we also look at an additional ratio that reflects these adjustments. We also seek to maintain conservative interest, fixed charge, debt service coverage and net debt to gross asset r atios (see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for calculations). 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Funds From Operations (FFO), Funds From Operations As Adjusted (FFOAA) and Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO) 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT developed FFO as a relative non-GAAP financial measure of performance of an equity REIT in order to recognize that income-producing real estate historically has not depreciated on the basis determined under GAAP. Pursuant to the definition of FFO by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, we calculate FFO as net income availab le to common shareholders, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains and losses from disposition of real estate and impairment losses on real estate, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and other affiliates. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and other affiliates are calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We have calculated FFO for all periods presented in accordance with this definition. 
 
 In addition to FFO, we present FFOAA and AFFO. FFOAA is presented by adding to FFO retirement and severance expense, transaction costs, provision (benefit) for credit losses, net, costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff, preferred share redemption costs and impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets and subtracting sale participation income, gain on insurance recovery and deferred income tax (benefit) expense. AFFO is presented by adding to FFOAA non-real estate depreciation and amortization, deferred financing fees amortization and share-based compensation expense to management and Trustees, and subtracting amortization of above and below market leases, net and tenant allowances, maintenance capital expenditures (including second generation tenant improvements and leasing commissions), straight-lined rental revenue (removing the impact of straight-line ground sublease expense), the non-cash portion of mortgage and other financing income and the allocated share of joint venture non-cash items. 
 
 FFO, FFOAA and AFFO are widely used measures o f the operating performance of real estate companies and are provided here as supplemental measures to GAAP net income ava ilable to common shareholders and earnings per share, and management provides FFO, FFOAA and AFFO herein because it believes this information is useful to investors in this regard. FFO, FFOAA and AFFO are non-GAAP financial measures. FFO, FFOAA and AFFO do not represent cash flows from operations as defined by GAAP and are not indicative that cash flows are adequate to fund all cash needs and are not to be considered alternatives to net income or any other GAAP measure as a measurement of the results of our operations or our cash flows or liquidity as defined by GAAP. It should also be noted that not all REITs calculate FFO, FFOAA and AFFO the same way so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. 
 
 39 

The following table summarizes our FFO, FFOAA and AFFO including per share amounts for FFO and FFOAA, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and reconciles such measures to net income available to common shareholders, the most directly comparable GAAP measure (unaudited, in thousands, except per share information): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 FFO: Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 40,618 50,228 136,357 109,412 Loss (gain) on sale of real estate 3,419 (2,550) (15,989) (1,415) Impairment of real estate investments, net 20,887 11,812 64,672 Real estate depreciation and amortization 42,620 42,224 124,191 126,718 Allocated share of joint venture depreciation 2,581 2,315 7,454 6,532 Impairment charges on joint ventures 12,130 12,130 FFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 101,368 113,104 275,955 305,919 FFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 101,368 113,104 275,955 305,919 Add: Preferred dividends for Series C preferred shares 1,938 1,938 5,814 5,814 Add: Preferred dividends for Series E preferred shares 1,938 1,938 5,814 5,814 Diluted FFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 105,244 116,980 287,583 317,547 FFOAA: FFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 101,368 113,104 275,955 305,919 Retirement and severance expense 1,836 547 Transaction costs 175 847 375 1,153 Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net (770) (719) 2,371 (407) Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff 337 337 Deferred income tax benefit (728) (76) (1,254) (258) FFOAA available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 100,382 113,156 279,620 306,954 FFOAA available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 100,382 113,156 279,620 306,954 Add: Preferred dividends for Series C preferred shares 1,938 1,938 5,814 5,814 Add: Preferred dividends for Series E preferred shares 1,938 1,938 5,814 5,814 Diluted FFOAA available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 104,258 117,032 291,248 318,582 
 40 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 AFFO: FFOAA available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 100,382 113,156 279,620 306,954 Non-real estate depreciation and amortization 175 208 547 623 Deferred financing fees amortization 2,211 2,170 6,657 6,449 Share-based compensation expense to management and trustees 3,264 4,354 10,494 13,153 Amortization of above and below market leases, net and tenant allowances (84) (182) (252) (456) Maintenance capital expenditures (1) (2,561) (1,753) (5,437) (7,384) Straight-lined rental revenue (4,414) (4,407) (13,335) (7,661) Straight-lined ground sublease expense 20 77 77 1,043 Non-cash portion of mortgage and other financing income (396) (290) (1,813) (553) Allocated share of joint venture non-cash items 712 712 AFFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 99,309 113,333 277,270 312,168 AFFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 99,309 113,333 277,270 312,168 Add: Preferred dividends for Series C preferred shares 1,938 1,938 5,814 5,814 Add: Preferred dividends for Series E preferred shares 1,938 1,938 5,814 5,814 Diluted AFFO available to common shareholders of EPR Properties 103,185 117,209 288,898 323,796 FFO per common share: Basic 1.34 1.50 3.65 4.07 Diluted 1.31 1.47 3.60 3.99 FFOAA per common share: Basic 1.33 1.50 3.70 4.08 Diluted 1.30 1.47 3.64 4.00 Shares used for computation (in thousands): Basic 75,723 75,325 75,604 75,236 Diluted 76,108 75,816 75,945 75,655 Weighted average shares outstanding-diluted EPS 76,108 75,816 75,945 75,655 Effect of dilutive Series C preferred shares 2,319 2,287 2,310 2,279 Effect of dilutive Series E preferred shares 1,664 1,663 1,664 1,663 Adjusted weighted average shares outstanding-diluted Series C and Series E 80,091 79,766 79,919 79,597 Other financial information: Dividends per common share 0.855 0.825 2.545 2.475 
 (1) Includes maintenance capital expenditures and certain second-generation tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 
 41 

The effect of the conversion of our convertible preferred shares is calculated using the if-converted method and the conversion, which results in the most dilution is included in the computation of per share amounts. The conversion of the 5.75 Series C cumulative convertible preferred shares and the 9.00 Series E cumulative convertible preferred shares would be dilutive to FFO, FFOAA and AFFO per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. Therefore, the additional common shares that would result from the conversion and the corresponding add-back of the preferred dividends declared on those shares are included in the calculation of diluted FFO and FFOAA per share and would be included in a calculation of AFFO per share. 
 
 Net Debt 
 Net Debt represents debt (reported in accordance with GAAP) adjusted to exclude deferred financing costs, net and reduced for cash and cash equivalents. By excluding deferred financing costs, net, and reducing debt for cash and cash equivalents on hand, the result provides an estimate of the contractual amount of borrowed capital to be repaid, net of cash available to repay it. We believe this calculation constitutes a beneficial supplemental non-GAAP financial disclosure to investors in understanding our financial condition. Our method of calculating Net Debt may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. 
 
 Gross Assets 
 Gross Assets represents total assets (reported in accordance with GAAP) adjusted to exclude accumulated depreciation and reduced for cash and cash equivalents. By excluding accumulated depreciation and reducing cash and cash equivalents, the result provides an estimate of the investment made by us. We believe that investors commonly use versions of this calculation in a similar manner. Our method of calculating Gross Assets may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. 
 
 Net Debt to Gross Assets Ratio 
 Net Debt to Gross Assets Ratio is a supplemental measure derived from non-GAAP financial measures that we use to evaluate capital structure and the magnitude of debt to gross assets. We believe that investors commonly use versions of this ratio in a similar manner. Our method of calculating the Net Debt to Gross Assets Ratio may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. 
 
 EBITDAre 
 NAREIT developed EBITDAre as a relative non-GAAP financial measure of REITs, independent of a company's capital structure, to provide a uniform basis to measure the enterprise value of a company. Pursuant to the definition of EBITDAre by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, we calculate EB ITDAre as net income, co mputed in accordance with GAAP, excluding interest expense (net), income tax (benefit) expense, depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from disposition of real estate, impairment losses on real estate, costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and other affiliates. 
 
 Management provides EBITDAre herein because it believes this information is useful to investors as a supplemental performance measure because it can help facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and with other REITs. Our method of calculating EBITDAre may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. EBITDAre is not a measure of performance under GAAP, does not represent cash generated from operations as defined by GAAP and is not indicative of cash available to fund all cash needs, including distributions. This measure should not be considered an alternative to net income or any other GAAP measure as a measurement of the results of our operations or cash flows or liquidity as defined by GAAP. 
 42 

Adjusted EBITDAre 
 Management uses Adjusted EBITDAre in its analysis of the performance of the business and operations of the Company. Management believes Adjusted EBITDAre is useful to investors because it excludes various items that management believes are not indicative of operating performance, and because it is an informative measure to use in computing various financial ratios to evaluate the Company. We define Adjusted EBITDAre as EBITDAre (defined above) for the quarter excluding sale participation income, gain on insurance recovery, retirement and severance expense, transaction costs, provision (benefit) for credit losses, net, impairment losses on operating lease right-of-use assets and prepayment fees. 
 
 Our method of calculating Adjusted EBITDAre may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. Adjusted EBITDAre is not a measure of performance under GAAP, does not represent cash generated from operations as defined by GAAP and is not indicative of cash available to fund all cash needs, including distributions. This measure should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other GAAP measure as a measurement of the results of our operations or cash flows or liquidity as defined by GAAP. 
 
 Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDAre Ratio 
 Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDAre Ratio is a supplemental measure derived from non-GAAP financial measures that we use to evaluate our capital structure and the magnitude of our debt against our operating performance. We believe that investors commonly use versions of this ratio in a similar manner. In addition, financial institutions use versions of this ratio in connection with debt agreements to set pricing and covenant limitations. Our method of calculating the Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDAre Ratio may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. 
 
 43 

Reconciliations of debt, total assets and net income (all reported in accordance with GAAP) to Net Debt, Gross Assets, Net Debt to Gross Assets Ratio, EBITDAre, Adjusted EBITDAre and Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDAre Ratio (each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure), as applicable, are included in the following tables (unaudited, in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Net Debt: Debt 2,852,970 2,814,497 Deferred financing costs, net 20,622 26,732 Cash and cash equivalents (35,328) (172,953) Net Debt 2,838,264 2,668,276 Gross Assets: Total Assets 5,689,162 5,719,377 Accumulated depreciation 1,546,509 1,400,642 Cash and cash equivalents (35,328) (172,953) Gross Assets 7,200,343 6,947,066 Debt to Total Assets Ratio 50 49 Net Debt to Gross Assets Ratio 39 38 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre: Net income 46,650 56,260 Interest expense, net 32,867 31,208 Income tax (benefit) expense (124) 372 Depreciation and amortization 42,795 42,432 Loss (gain) on sale of real estate 3,419 (2,550) Impairment of real estate investments, net 20,887 Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff 337 Allocated share of joint venture depreciation 2,581 2,315 Allocated share of joint venture interest expense 2,587 2,164 Impairment charges on joint ventures 12,130 EBITDAre 143,242 153,088 Transaction costs 175 847 Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net (770) (719) Adjusted EBITDAre (for the quarter) 142,647 153,216 Adjusted EBITDAre (annualized) (1) 570,588 612,864 Net Debt/Adjusted EBITDAre Ratio 5.0 4.4 (1) Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter is multiplied by four to calculate an annual amount but does not include the annualization of investments put in service, acquired or disposed of during the quarter, as well as the potential earnings on property under development, the annualization of percent rent and participating interest and adjustments for other items. 
 
 44 

Total Investments 
 Total investments is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as the sum of the carrying values of real estate investments (before accumulated depreciation), land held for development, property under development, mortgage notes receivable and related accrued interest receivable, net, investment in joint ventures, intangible assets, gross (before accumulated amortization and included in other assets) and notes receivable and related accrued interest receivable, net (included in other assets). Total investments is a useful measure for management and investors as it illustrates across which asset categories the Company's funds have been invested. Our method of calculating total investments may be different from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. A reconciliation of total assets (computed in accordance with GAAP) to total investments is included in the following table (unaudited, in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total assets 5,689,162 5,700,885 Operating lease right-of-use assets (175,451) (186,628) Cash and cash equivalents (35,328) (78,079) Restricted cash (2,992) (2,902) Accounts receivable (79,726) (63,655) Add: accumulated depreciation on real estate investments 1,546,509 1,435,683 Add: accumulated amortization on intangible assets (1) 31,545 30,589 Prepaid expenses and other current assets (1) (37,630) (22,718) Total investments 6,936,089 6,813,175 Total Investments: Real estate investments, net of accumulated depreciation 4,534,450 4,537,359 Add back accumulated depreciation on real estate investments 1,546,509 1,435,683 Land held for development 20,168 20,168 Property under development 76,913 131,265 Mortgage notes and related accrued interest receivable, net 657,636 569,768 Investment in joint ventures 32,426 49,754 Intangible assets, gross (1) 64,544 65,299 Notes receivable and related accrued interest receivable, net (1) 3,443 3,879 Total investments 6,936,089 6,813,175 (1) Included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Other assets include the following: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Intangible assets, gross 64,544 65,299 Less: accumulated amortization on intangible assets (31,545) (30,589) Notes receivable and related accrued interest receivable, net 3,443 3,879 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 37,630 22,718 Total other assets 74,072 61,307 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on the impact of recently issued accounting standards on our business. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risks, primarily relating to potential losses due to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in interest rates by matching the term of new investments with new long-term fixed rate borrowings whenever possible. As of September 30, 2024, we had a 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facili ty with 169.0 million outstanding. We also had a 25.0 million bond that bears inter est at a floating rate but has been fixed through an interest rate swap agreement. 
 
 45 

As of September 30, 2024, we had a 65 investment interest in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures related to two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida. At September 30, 2024, the joint ventures had a secured mortgage loan with an outstand ing balance of 105.0 million. The mortgage loan bears interest at SOFR plus 3.65 , with monthly interest payments required. The joint venture includes an interest rate cap agreement to limit the variable portion of the interest rate (SOFR) on this note to 3.5 from June 1, 2024 to December 1, 2024. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of such refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of current indebtedness. The majority of our borrowings are subject to contractual agreements or mortgages, which limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, if we are unable to raise additional equity or borrow money due to these limitations or otherwise, our ability to make additional real estate investments may be limited. 
 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risk against our functional currency, the U.S. dollar, on our six Canadian properties and the rents received from tenants of the properties are payable in CAD. To hedge our CAD denominated cash flows and our net investment in our six Canadian properties, we entered into cross-currency swaps designated as cash flow hedges and foreign currency forwards designated as net investment hedges as further described below. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 To hedge our interest rate risk, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement on our variable rate secured bonds with a notional amount of 25.0 million. The interest rate cap agreement limits the variable portion of the interest rate (SOFR) on this bond to 2.5325 until September 30, 2026. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Foreign Exchange Risk- Cross Currency Swaps 
 We entered into three USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that became effective July 1, 2022, mature on October 1, 2024, and have a total fixed original notional value of 150.0 million CAD and 118.7 million USD. The net effect of these swaps provides a fixed exchange rate of 1.26 CAD per USD on approximately 10.8 million annual CAD denominated cash flows. 
 
 We entered into two USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that became effective May 1, 2022, mature on October 1, 2024 and have a total fixed notional value of 200.0 million CAD and 156.0 million USD. The net effect of these swaps provides a fixed exchange rate of 1.28 CAD per USD on approximately 4.5 million of annual CAD denominated cash flows. 
 
 We entered into three USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that became effective June 1, 2022, mature on December 1, 2024 and have a total fixed notional value of 90.0 million CAD and 69.5 million USD. The net effect of these swaps provides a fixed exchange rate of 1.30 CAD per USD on approximately 8.1 million of annual CAD denominated cash flows. 
 
 On September 17, 2024, we entered into six USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that will be effective October 1, 2024 with a total fixed original notional value of 170.0 million CAD and 125.0 million USD. The net effect of these swaps is to lock in an exchange rate of 1.35 CAD per USD on approximately 15.3 million annual CAD denominated cash flows through December 2026. 
 
 Additionally, on September 17, 2024, we entered into two USD-CAD cross-currency swaps that will be effective December 1, 2024 with a total fixed original notional value of 90.0 million CAD and 66.2 million USD. The net effect of these swaps is to lock in an exchange rate of 1.35 CAD per USD on approximately 8.1 million annual CAD denominated cash flows through December 2026. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges - Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 We entered into two forward contracts that became effective December 13, 2023 with a fixed notional value of 200.0 million CAD and 148.3 million USD with a settlement date of October 1, 2025. The exchange rate of these forward contracts is approximately 1.35 CAD per USD. 
 46 

We entered into a forward contract that became effective December 13, 2023 with a fixed notional value of 90.0 million CAD and 66.8 million USD with a settlement date of December 1, 2025. The exchange rate of this forward contract is approximately 1.35 CAD per USD. 
 
 For foreign currency derivatives designated as net investment hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in AOCI as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. Amounts are reclassified out of AOCI into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on our derivative financial instruments and hedging activities. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of disclosures controls and procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon and as of the date of that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Limitations on the effectiveness of controls 
 Our disclosure controls were designed to provide reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures would meet their objectives. Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusions of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective, maturing control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Change in internal controls 
 There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter of the fiscal year to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to certain claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which cannot be determined at this time. In the opinion of management, any liability we might incur upon the resolution of these claims and lawsuits will not, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 47 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors associated with our business previously disclosed in Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 There were no reportable events during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 There were no reportable events during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, trustee or officer of the Company, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, adopted, modified, or terminated any "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. There were no reportable events during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 otherwise reportable under this Item 5. 
 
 48 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 10.1 
 Fourth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2024, by and among the Company, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on September 23, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1. 31.1 
 Certification of Gregory K. Silvers pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is attached hereto as Exhibit 31.1. 31.2 
 Certification of Mark A. Peterson pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is attached hereto as Exhibit 31.2. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is attached hereto as Exhibit 32.1. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is attached hereto as Exhibit 32.2. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EPR Properties Dated: October 31, 2024 By /s/ Gregory K. Silvers Gregory K. Silvers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: October 31, 2024 By /s/ Tonya L. Mater Tonya L. Mater, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311930202410-q.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF GREGORY K. SILVERS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 I, Gregory K. Silvers, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EPR Properties 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Gregory K. Silvers Gregory K. Silvers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312930202410-q.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF MARK A. PETERSON PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 I, Mark A. Peterson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EPR Properties 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Mark A. Peterson Mark. A. Peterson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321930202410-q.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CEO PURSUANT TO 18 USC 1350

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS 
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Gregory K. Silvers, President and Chief Executive Officer of EPR Properties (the Issuer ), have executed this certification for furnishing to the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the filing with the Commission of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ). I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
 s Gregory K. Silvers Gregory K. Silvers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322930202410-q.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 USC 1350

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS 
 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Mark A. Peterson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EPR Properties (the Issuer ), have executed this certification for furnishing to the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the filing with the Commission of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ). I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
 s Mark A. Peterson Mark A. Peterson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 epr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 epr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 epr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 epr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 epr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

