<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1762359_0001628280-24-047955.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11817339</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162082</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2001114</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3922097</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2997861</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2505607</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047955.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114170350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047955
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acreage Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001762359
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56021
		FILM NUMBER:		241464057

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		366 MADISON AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-600-9181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		366 MADISON AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047955.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 acrg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

acrg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The registrant has three classes of issued and outstanding shares: the Fixed Shares, the Floating Shares and the Class F multiple voting shares (the Fixed Multiple Shares ). The Fixed Shares and Floating Shares each entitle the holders to notice of and to attend at any meeting of the shareholders of the registrant, except a meeting of which only holders of another particular class or series of shares of the registrant have the right to vote. Each Fixed Share is entitled to one vote per Fixed Share, each Floating Share is entitled to one vote per Floating Share and each Fixed Multiple Share is entitled to 4,300 votes per Fixed Multiple Share on all matters upon which the holders of shares are entitled to vote. As of November 14, 2024, there were Fixed shares, Floating Shares, and Fixed Multiple Shares, in each case, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Acreage Holdings, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 PART I Financial Information Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 PART II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 50 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 50 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 51 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 51 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 51 
 SIGNATURES 
 52 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory Assets held-for-sale Other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments Capital assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Taxes payable Interest payable Operating lease liability, current Debt, current Liabilities related to assets held for sale Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Debt, non-current Operating lease liability, non-current Deferred tax liability Liability on unrecognized tax benefits Warrant liability Other liabilities 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 

Total non-current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, common stock held in treasury 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Acreage Shareholders' deficit 
 ) ) Non-controlling interests ) ) TOTAL DEFICIT 
 ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND DEFICIT 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-2 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUE Retail revenue, net Wholesale revenue, net Other revenue, net Total revenues, net Cost of goods sold, retail ) ) ) ) Cost of goods sold, wholesale ) ) ) ) Total cost of goods sold ) ) ) ) Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative Compensation expense Equity-based compensation expense ) Marketing Loss on disposals of construction in process Write down of assets held-for-sale, net Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Net operating loss ) ) ) ) Income from investments, net Interest income from loans receivable Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) ) Total other income (loss) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Acreage Holdings, Inc. ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Acreage Holdings, Inc. - basic and diluted: Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-3 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Attributable to shareholders of the parent (in thousands) LLC Membership Units Pubco Shares (as converted) Share Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Shareholders Equity (Deficit) Non-controlling Interests Total Equity (Deficit) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for current expected credit losses, net of tax ) ) ) NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) Equity-based compensation expense and related issuances Net loss ) ) ) ) March 31, 2023 ) ) ) NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) ) Capital distributions, net ) ) Other equity transactions ) ) ) Equity-based compensation expense and related issuances Net loss ) ) ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) ) NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) ) Other equity transactions ) ) ) Equity-based compensation expense and related issuances Net loss ) ) ) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-4 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Attributable to shareholders of the parent (in thousands) LLC Membership Units Pubco Shares (as converted) Share Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Shareholders Equity (Deficit) Non-controlling Interests Total Equity (Deficit) December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) ) Other equity transactions ) ) ) Equity-based compensation expense and related issuances Net loss ) ) ) ) March 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) Other equity transactions ) ) ) Private placement dividend ) ) ) Equity-based compensation expense and related issuances Net loss ) ) ) ) June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) Other equity transactions ) ) ) Equity-based compensation expense and related issuances ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) Adjustments for: Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization included in COGS Equity-based compensation expense Inventory write-off and provision Change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory Loss on modification of debt Gain on business divestiture ) Loss on disposal of capital assets, net Non-cash fair value change related to Warrant liability and Convertible notes Bad debt expense Non-cash interest expense Non-cash operating lease adjustment ) Loss on lease termination ) Deferred tax income ) Non-cash loss from investments, net Write-down of assets held-for-sale Change, net of acquisitions in: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Other assets ) Interest receivable ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Taxes payable ) Interest payable Liability on unrecognized tax benefits Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of capital assets ) ) Collection of notes receivable Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Proceeds from business divestiture Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Other equity transactions ) ) Proceeds from financing (refer to Note 14 for related party financing) Deferred financing costs paid ) Proceeds from issuance of private placement units and warrants Repayment of debt ) ) Capital distributions - non-controlling interests ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - Beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - End of period RECONCILIATION OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Interest paid - non-lease Income taxes paid OTHER NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Capital assets not yet paid for Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for current expected credit losses, net of tax NCI adjustments for changes in ownership ) Initial fair value recognition on Warrant Liability Initial fair value recognition on Convertible Notes 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

1. 
 of a Fixed Share and of a Floating Share, each outstanding PVS was exchanged for Fixed Shares and Floating Shares; and each outstanding MVS was exchanged for of a Fixed Multiple Share and of a Floating Share. Pursuant to the Amended Arrangement, Canopy Growth was granted the option to acquire all of the issued and outstanding Fixed Shares on the basis of (after giving effect to the Canopy Consolidation) (the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio of a common share of Canopy Growth (each, a Canopy Share for each Fixed Share held at the time of the acquisition of the Fixed Shares (the Acquisition or Acquisition Time ), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Amended Arrangement (the Canopy Call Option ), which Canopy Growth is required to exercise upon the occurrence, or waiver (at the discretion of Canopy Growth), of a Triggering Event (the date on which the Triggering Event occurs, the Triggering Event Date ). On December 15, 2023, Canopy Growth initiated a reverse 1-for-10 share consolidation (the Canopy Consolidation ), which triggered an Exchange Ratio Adjustment Event which modified the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio from of a Canopy 
 F-8 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 of a Canopy Share for each Fixed Share. Refer to Note 15 for further discussion, including a discussion of the anticipated adjustment to the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio as a result of the offering of convertible notes completed in June 2024. 
 
 Pursuant to the implementation of the Amended Arrangement, on September 23, 2020, a subsidiary of Canopy Growth advanced gross proceeds of to Universal Hemp, LLC, an affiliate of the Company. The debenture bears interest at a rate of per annum. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. 
 On October 24, 2022, the Company entered into an arrangement agreement (the Floating Share Agreement with Canopy Growth and Canopy USA, LLC Canopy USA ), Canopy Growth s newly-created U.S. domiciled holding company, pursuant to which, subject to approval of the holders of the Class D subordinate voting shares of Acreage (the Floating Shares and the terms and conditions of the Floating Share Agreement, Canopy USA will acquire all of the issued and outstanding Floating Shares by way of court-approved Floating Share Arrangement for consideration of (after giving effect to the Canopy Consolidation) of a Canopy Share in exchange for each Floating Share. On March 15, 2023, the Company received the required approval of the holders of Floating Shares in connection with the Floating Share Arrangement at its special meeting of holders of Floating Shares (the Special Meeting ). On March 21, 2023, the Company obtained a final order form from the Supreme Court of British Columbia approving the Floating Share Arrangement. Upon the satisfaction or waiver of all other conditions set out in the Floating Share Arrangement Agreement, which the parties continue to work towards, the parties will complete the Floating Share Arrangement. On December 15, 2023, Canopy Growth initiated the Canopy Consolidation, which triggered an Exchange Ratio Adjustment Event, which affected the Floating Share Agreement and the consideration agreed upon between Canopy USA and the Company. Refer to Note 15 for further discussion. 
 
 On June 3, 2024, the Canopy Call Option was exercised in accordance with the terms of the Amended Arrangement. Upon closing of the Amended Arrangement and Floating Share Agreement (the Acquisitions or the Transactions ), Canopy USA will own of the Fixed Shares and Floating Shares and in connection therewith, Acreage would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Canopy USA. Closing of the Acquisitions remain subject to all of the closing conditions set forth in the Amended Arrangement and the Floating Share Agreement. There can be no certainty, nor can the Company provide any assurance, that all conditions precedent will be satisfied or waived, which may result in the Acquisitions not being completed. Refer to Note 15 for further discussion. 

2. 
 F-9 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

F-10 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, as presented on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, consists of and as of September 30, 2024, respectively, and and as of December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts was and , respectively, all of which relates to the allowance for credit losses over accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the allowance on loans receivable was and , respectively, of which the allowance for credit losses over notes receivable was as the receivables were fully reserved for. Refer to Note 6 for further discussion. 
 
 There were and anti-dilutive shares outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Change in Accounting Estimate 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company implemented a change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory cultivated, extracted or processed, and manufactured or infused by the Company from historical average cost to three-month rolling average cost to better align with evolving market dynamics, improve the accuracy of inventory valuation, and enhance 
 F-11 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 charge to Cost of goods sold, wholesale on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

3. 
 complete any acquisitions. 
 On January 2, 2023, a subsidiary of the Company acquired cultivation, processing and retail operations in Maine from a third party who provided cultivation, manufacturing, processing, distribution and handling, recordkeeping, compliance, and other services to the Company s operations in Maine. Under the terms of the agreement, the consideration paid consisted of the settlement of a pre-existing relationship, which included a line-of credit, other advances and the related interest receivable, all totaling , which were previously recorded in Notes receivable, net on the Statements of Financial Position. 
 The purchase price allocation is based upon final valuations, estimates and assumptions which are subject to change within the measurement period, generally one year from the acquisition date. The primary areas of the purchase price allocation that are not yet finalized relate to the valuation of the capital assets, tangible assets acquired and the residual goodwill resulting from the transaction. 
 F-12 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Capital assets Finance lease right-of-use asset Operating lease right-of-use asset Goodwill Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Taxes payable ) Finance lease liability, current ) Finance lease liability, non-current ) Operating lease liability, current ) Operating lease liability, non-current ) Notes payable ) Deferred tax liability ) Fair value of net assets acquired Consideration paid: Settlement of pre-existing relationship Total consideration 
 Divestitures 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did complete any divestitures. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, management committed to a plan to sell CWG Botanicals, Inc. CWG as of June 30, 2023. As of then, all assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale on the balance sheet and written down to the fair value of the expected sale price. On September 12, 2023, the Company sold of its ownership interest in CWG for an aggregate sales price of and recognizing a gain of on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in Other income, net. 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company determined that the assets and liabilities categorized as held-for-sale related to the Company s Ohio operations no longer meet the held-for-sale criteria as the Company intends to retain and continue its Ohio operations. As of December 31, 2023, the Company determined certain businesses and assets in Ohio met the held-for-sale criteria. As such, the related assets and liabilities within these disposal groups were transferred into Assets held-for-sale and Liabilities related to assets held-for-sale on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined certain businesses and assets in Connecticut and Maine met the held-for-sale criteria. As such, the related assets and liabilities within these disposal groups were transferred into Assets held-for-sale and Liabilities related to assets held-for-sale on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 

F-13 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Inventory Other current assets Total current assets classified as held-for-sale Capital assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets classified as held-for-sale 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) Taxes payable ) ) ) Operating lease liability, current ) ) ) Total current liabilities classified as held-for-sale ) ) ) Debt, non-current ) ) Operating lease liability, non-current ) ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Liability on uncertain tax position ) ) Total liabilities classified as held-for-sale ) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Akron and Wickliffe, Ohio 
 Inventory Other current assets Total current assets classified as held-for-sale Capital assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets classified as held-for-sale 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liability, current ) Total current liabilities classified as held-for-sale ) Operating lease liability, non-current ) Total liabilities classified as held-for-sale ) 
 
 F-14 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 4. 
 Total intangibles, net 
 The intangible assets balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 excludes intangible assets reclassified to assets held-for-sale (refer to Note 3 for further discussion). 
 
 There was amortization expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Goodwill 
 Transferred from held-for-sale September 30, 2024 
 
 5. 
 Total long-term investments 

Income from investments, net 
 F-15 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Secured debenture due September 2030 in Note 10, on September 23, 2020, a subsidiary of the Company, Universal Hemp, LLC ("Universal Hemp"), was advanced gross proceeds of (less transaction costs) pursuant to the terms of a secured debenture. The Company subsequently engaged an investment advisor, which under the investment advisor's sole discretion, on September 28, 2020 invested of these proceeds on behalf of Universal Hemp. As a result, Universal Hemp acquired class B units, at par value per unit, which represented financial interest in an Investment Partnership, a Canada-based limited partnership. An affiliate of the institutional investor held Class A units of the Investment Partnership. The general partner of the Investment Partnership was also an affiliate of the Institutional Investor. During the fourth quarter of 2023, Kevin Murphy acquired all Class A units and became the general partner of the Investment Partnership. The Class B units are held by the Investment Advisor as an agent for Universal Hemp. 
 Universal Hemp, through its investment with the Investment Advisor, was originally determined to hold significant influence in the Investment Partnership in accordance with ASC 810 - Consolidations due to (1) the economic financial interest, and (2) the entitlement to matters as they pertain to Extraordinary Resolution items as defined within the Investment Partnership Agreement. As a result, the Company accounted for the investment in the Investment Partnership under the equity method until December 2020. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. In December 2020, the Company no longer held significant influence due to the removal of the Extraordinary Resolution entitlements and other revisions in the Investment Partnership Agreement. As a result, the Company changed its accounting for the Investment Partnership to recognize the investment at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 6. 
 
 Line of credit receivable Interest receivable Allowance for notes and interest receivable ) ) Total notes receivable Less: Notes receivable, current Notes receivable, non-current 
 Interest income from loans receivable during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was , respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 At each reporting date, the Company applies its judgment to evaluate the collectability of the note receivable and makes a provision based on the assessed amount of expected credit loss. This judgment is based on parameters such as interest rates, market conditions and creditworthiness of the creditor. 
 The Company determined that the collectability of certain notes receivables is doubtful based on information available. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s allowance for notes receivable was and , respectively, including of principal outstanding and and of accrued interest, respectively, and represents the full value of such loan balances. 
 Activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 F-16 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 from Prime Alternative Treatment Center, Inc. ("PATC") in settlement of the principal balance related to a promissory note that was extended to PATC . 
 
 In May 2023, the Company received a cash payment towards the principal balance on a promissory note receivable from Grown Rogue. 
 
 The Company did not have any activity during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 7. 
 Building Right-of-use asset, finance leases Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Software Capital assets, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Capital assets, net 
 Depreciation of capital assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is comprised of and of depreciation and amortization expense, respectively, and and that was capitalized to inventory, respectively. Depreciation of capital assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is comprised of and of depreciation and amortization expense, respectively, and and that was capitalized to inventory, respectively. 
 on the disposal of these assets as of September 30, 2024 . 
 F-17 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 8. 
 Finance Capital assets, net Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities Current Operating Operating lease liability, current Financing Debt, current Non-current Operating Operating lease liability, non-current Financing Debt, non-current Total lease liabilities 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Statement of Operations Information Classification 2024 2023 2024 2023 Short-term lease expense General and administrative Operating lease expense General and administrative Finance lease expense: Amortization of right of use asset Depreciation and amortization Interest expense on lease liabilities Interest expense Net operating and finance lease cost 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Statement of Cash Flows Information Classification 2024 2023 Cash paid for operating leases Net cash used in operating activities Cash paid for finance leases - interest Net cash used in operating activities 
 F-18 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been leases entered into that have not yet commenced. 
 
 9. 
 Wholesale inventory Cultivation inventory Supplies other Total 
 Inventory is valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value NRV ), defined as estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of disposal. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company analyzed its inventory balances, and recorded wholesale inventory adjustments as a result of (i) having excess or obsolete inventory and (ii) reducing the carrying value to ensure inventory balances are properly recorded at the lower of cost and NRV. The Company recognized and of wholesale inventory adjustments within Cost of goods sold, wholesale on the Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company implemented a change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory cultivated, extracted or processed, and manufactured or infused by the Company from historical average cost to three-month rolling average cost to better align with evolving market dynamics, improve the accuracy of inventory valuation, and enhance financial reporting transparency. The Company accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and, accordingly, applied it on a prospective basis. This change resulted in a charge to Cost of goods sold, wholesale on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 F-19 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 10. 
 Finance lease liabilities Loan due April 2026 
 Secured debenture due September 2030 
 Note due December 2024 credit facilities due September 2027, as amended 
 Convertible notes Note backed by ERTC 
 Total debt Less: current portion of debt Total long-term debt 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total payments (excluding amortization of discount and issuance costs) (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes future liabilities related to Convertible notes as this instrument is not expected to be settled in cash. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred interest expense of and , respectively, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included debt discount amortization of and , respectively, and amortization of debt issuance costs of and , respectively. Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included debt discount amortization of and , respectively, and amortization of debt issuance costs of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had unamortized discount and , respectively, and debt issuance costs of and , respectively, which is netted against the gross carrying value of long-term debt in Debt, non-current on Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued interest of and , respectively, within Interest payable on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 Financing liability (failed sales leaseback) 
 In connection with the Company s failed sale-leaseback transaction in November 2020, a financing liability was recognized equal to the cash proceeds received. The Company will recognize the cash payments made on the lease as interest expense, and the principal will be de-recognized upon expiration of the lease. 
 
 Secured debenture due September 2030 
 On September 23, 2020, pursuant to the implementation of the Amended Arrangement (refer to Note 15 for further discussion), a subsidiary of Canopy Growth advanced gross proceeds of (less transaction costs of approximately to Universal Hemp, an affiliate of the Company, pursuant to the terms of a secured debenture Loan ). In accordance with the terms of the debenture, the funds cannot be used, directly or indirectly, in connection with or for any cannabis or cannabis-related operations in the United States, unless and until such operations comply with all applicable laws of the United States. An additional may be advanced pursuant to the debenture subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions by Universal 
 F-20 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 per annum, matures years from the date hereof or such earlier date in accordance with the terms of the debenture and all interest payments made pursuant to the debenture are payable in cash by Universal Hemp. Subsequent to the quarter end September 30, 2023, Universal Hemp received a reservations of rights letter for failure to make the annual cash interest payment within business days of September 23, 2023 (October 10, 2023). The parties agreed on November 14, 2023 to waive the default until March 29, 2024 and that the cash interest payment would be satisfied through a partial cash payment of by year end 2023, an obligation of Universal Hemp to deliver proceeds from the sale of certain real property held by Universal Hemp and an agreement between the parties to offset potential future expenses that may be payable by Canopy Growth. The debenture is secured by substantially all of the assets of Universal Hemp and its subsidiaries and, further, is not convertible and is not guaranteed by Acreage. 
 
 With a portion of the proceeds for the Loan received by Universal Hemp, Acreage engaged an Investment Advisor which, under the Investment Advisor s sole discretion, invested on behalf of Universal Hemp on September 28, 2020. As a result, Universal Hemp acquired class B units, at par value per unit, which represented financial interest in the Investment Partnership, a Canada-based limited partnership. An affiliate of the Institutional Investor holds class A units of the Investment Partnership. The general partner of the Investment Partnership is also an affiliate of the Institutional Investor. During the fourth quarter of 2023, Kevin Murphy acquired all Class A units and became the general partner of the Investment Partnership. The class B units are held by the Investment Advisor as an agent for Universal Hemp. Upon execution of the limited partnership agreement, was distributed to the class A unit holders of the Investment Partnership. 
 Loan due April 2026 
 On September 28, 2020, the Company received gross proceeds of (less transaction costs of approximately from an affiliate of the Institutional Investor (the Lender and used a portion of the proceeds of this loan to retire its short-term convertible note (as described above) and its short-term note aggregating approximately in October 2020, with the remainder being used for working capital purposes. The loan is unsecured, matures in years and bears interest at a annual interest rate. The Lender is controlled by the Institutional Investor. The Investment Partnership is the investor in the Lender. On December 16, 2021, the Company paid an amendment fee of to extend the maturity date from September 28, 2023 to April 2, 2026. The amendment was treated as a debt extinguishment. 
 
 Note due December 2024 
 
 In November 2020, the Company issued a promissory note with a third party, which is non-interest bearing and payable based on a payment schedule with payments in the aggregate amount of through December 31, 2024, as a result of a settlement described under the CanWell Dispute in Note 15. 
 credit facilities due September 2027, as amended 
 On December 16, 2021, the Company entered into a senior secured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders consisting of a initial draw, a delayed draw that must be advanced within months and a committed accordion facility that is available after December 1, 2022, provided certain financial covenants are met, and with a maturity of January 1, 2026. Upon closing, gross proceeds of were drawn (before origination discounts and issuance costs of approximately and , respectively, which were capitalized). In April 2022, the Company drew down on the delayed draw. Refer to Note 16 for further discussion of the syndicated related party lender. 
 
 On October 24, 2022, the Company amended the senior secured credit facility such that of the committed accordion was available for immediate draw by Acreage, which was drawn down in the fourth quarter of 2022, with the remaining available from January 1, 2023, provided certain predetermined milestones are achieved. The Company paid an amendment fee of to the syndicate of lenders and the amendment was treated as a debt modification. 
 
 On April 28, 2023, the Company reached an agreement with the lenders of the Prime rate credit facilities due January 2026 that would allow it to draw a further under its current Credit Agreement, but such funds would be maintained in a segregated account until dispersed and be restricted for use to only eligible capital expenditures. As part of this agreement, the Company agreed to limit the total amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement to and to at all times subsequent to the amendment, maintain collateral (as defined in the Credit Agreement) equal to or greater than the outstanding amount under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The loan is secured by pledged equity interests and substantially all of the assets of the Company. Advances under the facility bear interest at a variable rate of U.S. prime Prime plus per annum, payable monthly in arrears, with a Prime floor of plus an additional per annum until certain collateral assignment agreements are delivered. 
 F-21 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

of the total loan amount. If the Company chooses to extend the maturity date, it will also be required to make monthly installment payments, each of which shall be an amount equal to percent per year of the outstanding amount of the loan. The Company did not exercise the option to extend the maturity date. 
 
 On April 20, 2024 and May 10, 2024, the Company received a notice of default letter on each date from the agents of the Prime rate credit facilities due January 2026, as amended, of the occurrence of certain events of default (the Default Letters ). The Default Letter dated April 20, 2024 contains allegations that there have been events of default with respect to the credit agreement and the agents and lenders reserved all rights, and that they were in the process of reviewing the appropriate course of action to be taken with respect to the identified events of default. On May 10, 2024, the Company received another default letter from the agents alleging an event of default for failure by the borrower to make a monthly interest payment due May 1, 2024. The Default Letters did not identify that there had been any exercise of rights or remedies available to the agents or lenders under Section 9.1 of the credit agreement. As described below, the Company remedied the notices of default by entering into the amended and restated credit agreement. Subsequently, as described below, the Company entered into the second amended and restated credit agreement, superseding the amended and restated credit agreement and establishing an interest rate of and a maturity date of September 13, 2027 for the Prime rate credit facilities previously due January 2026. 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 
 On June 3, 2024, the Company, HSCP, as borrower, 11065220 Canada Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Canopy Growth, VRT Agent and the loan parties thereto from time to time, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). 11065220 Canada Inc. purchased all of the rights and interests of certain of our senior lenders under the Prime rate credit facilities due January 2026, as amended, for an aggregate amount equal to approximately . Further, this amendment allowed the Company to capitalize accrued obligations that existed before the amendment on June 3, 2024, including accrued interest, which brought the principal outstanding under this Facility to . The interest rate under the loan was a variable rate of U.S. prime Prime plus per annum, payable monthly in arrears, with a Prime floor of , and a maturity date of January 1, 2026. Interest under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was payable in cash or in kind, at the Company s election, through November 30, 2024. The loan was secured by pledged equity interests and substantially all of the assets of the Company. Further, the loan is subject to various financial covenants, including (i) a fixed charge coverage ratio and leverage ratios in respect of all periods beginning on or after December 31, 2024 and (ii) a minimum cash requirement of million as of quarter end for all periods beginning on or after December 31, 2024. As discussed further below, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was replaced with the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (defined below) on September 13, 2024. The amendment was treated as a debt extinguishment and the Company recognized a loss of to Other income (loss), net on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with a third party lender (the New Lender and 11065220 Canada Inc. (the Canopy Lender (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). This agreement supersedes the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 
 The New Lender advanced with an original issue discount of , being . Approximately of the amount advanced by the New Lender was used to repay amounts owing by Acreage pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to the non-Canopy lender (the Prior Lender ). As a result, the Prior Lender has been repaid in full. The net proceeds of the loan to Acreage totaled approximately after closing costs and expenses. 
 
 Under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the loans bear interest at a rate of and a maturity date of September 13, 2027, with the interest in favor of the New Lender payable in cash and interest in favor of 11065220 Canada Inc. payable in cash or in kind at Acreage's option and will initially be payable in kind. 
 
 The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also provides the New Lender with a board observer right. 
 
 ERTC Factoring Agreement 
 On April 11, 2023, the Company received pursuant to a financing agreement with a third-party lender (the Financing Agreement ), which was included in Debt, current as of June 30, 2023. The Company assigned to the lender its interests in Employee Retention Tax Credits ERTC that it submitted for a claim of approximately . If the Company does not 
 F-22 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 interest accrued from the date of the Financing Agreement through the repayment date. The Financing Agreement does not have a stated maturity date and the discount is being accreted to interest expense over an expected term. The Company s obligations under the Financing Agreement will be satisfied upon receipt of the ERTC or other full repayment. Finally, the Company determined the ERTC did not meet the criteria to record as a receivable as of June 30, 2023 due to the uncertain nature of such claims. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received of the ERTC claims which was remitted to the lender per the terms of the Financing Agreement, extinguishing an equal portion of the debt included in Debt, current. 
 Private Placement 
 On June 5, 2024, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with ATB Securities (the Agent and certain investors Holder or Investor ). Under the agreement, the Company issued units (the Units by way of a brokered private placement (the Private placement at a price of per Unit, for gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of 1,000 principal amount of non-recourse unsecured convertible notes (the Convertible Notes and Fixed Share purchase warrants (the Warrants or Warrant Liability ). Refer to Note 11 for further discussion regarding the Company s Warrant liability. 
 
 The initial fair values of the Convertible Notes and Warrant Liability of , in the aggregate, exceeded the gross proceeds received of by . As a result, the excess fair value over the proceeds is accounted for as a deemed dividend and recorded in Accumulated deficit, refer to Private placement dividend on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit). 
 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible into that number of Fixed Shares of the Company at a to-be-determined conversion price. The conversion price per Fixed Share is determined by multiplying (i) the exchange ratio (as defined by the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement) by (ii) the fair market value of the common shares of Canopy on the business day prior to the closing of the transactions with Canopy USA, LLC. If the transactions occur on or before the maturity date, which is months from the issue date of June 5, 2024, the Convertible Note will automatically convert into Fixed Shares at the conversion price. If the Transactions do not occur before the maturity date, holders of the Units entered into a Put Agreement with Canopy USA, pursuant to which such investor will have the right to require Canopy USA to purchase the subscribed for Convertible Notes and the Warrants subscribed for. The Company elected the fair value option to account for the liability related to the convertible notes. Refer to Note 12 for further discussion. 
 
 While the number of Fixed Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise, as applicable, of the Convertible Notes and the Warrants remains unknown at this time, the completion of the Offering is expected to result in significant dilution of the Fixed Shares, particularly given that the Conversion Price of the Notes is based on the Exchange Ratio, which will be adjusted pursuant to the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement for issuances in excess of the Purchaser Approved Share Threshold (as such term is defined in the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement). The Offering is expected to result in the issuance of Fixed Shares under the Convertible Notes, and Warrants exercisable to acquire Fixed Shares, at the time of closing the Fixed Share Arrangement, well in excess of the Purchaser Approved Share Threshold, with the effect that the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio will be significantly reduced. The Fixed Share Exchange Ratio reduction is expected to have a material and adverse effect on the number of Canopy shares that holders of Fixed Shares could receive pursuant to the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement may have a material and adverse effect on the value of the Fixed Shares. See Note 15 for further discussion. 

11. 
 Fixed Share at a set exercise price at any time on or before the expiration date of June 5, 2029. The exercise price is determined by multiplying i) the exchange ratio (as defined by the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement) by ii) the fair market value of the Canopy shares on the business day prior to the close of the Transactions. In the event the Transactions do not occur prior to the expiration date of June 5, 2029, the Warrants will become void and the subscription rights will expire and terminate. Refer to Note 12 for further discussion. Further, liability accounting has been applied to the Warrants as the units issued are linked to Canopy s publicly traded share price. Finally, the number of Fixed Shares issuable upon conversion of the Warrants remains unknown at this time; however, the completion of the Private Placement is expected to result in significant dilution of the Fixed Shares. 
 F-23 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 12. 
 Restricted cash Long-term investments Liabilities Convertible notes Warrant liability 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Long-term investments 
 
 Convertible Notes and Warrant Liability related to the Private Placement 
 
 On June 4, 2024, the Company issued units by way of a private placement, with each unit is comprised of convertible notes and warrants. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. As part of the transaction, the Company recognized liabilities of and related to the Convertible notes and Warrant liability, respectively, that were classified as Debt, non-current on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 Probability-weighted expected return model Probability of each scenario Discount rate Credit-adjusted discount rate Warrant liability Monte Carlo simulation model Probability of each scenario Black-Scholes method Discount rate Canopy stock price at warrant exercise Canopy stock volatility 
 F-24 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

(1) Warrant liability 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Beginning balance Net purchases, issuances, sales and settlements Change in fair value Transfers in (out) Ending Balance Liabilities Convertible notes (2) Warrant liability 
 (1) Includes of unrealized fair value changes related to the Company s credit risk. As this amount is immaterial, it has been included in earnings rather than other comprehensive income. 
 (2) Includes of unrealized fair value changes related to the Company s credit risk. As this amount is immaterial, it has been included in earnings rather than other comprehensive income. 
 
 13. 
 ) ) Vesting September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Warrants 
 Expired September 30, 2024 
 
 The exercise price of each Fixed Share warrants ranged from to , respectively, and the exercise price of each Floating Share warrants ranged from to , respectively. The warrants are exercisable for a period of years. The weighted-average remaining contractual life of the warrants outstanding is approximately years. There was aggregate intrinsic value for warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Non-controlling interests - convertible units 
 The Company has NCIs in consolidated subsidiaries USCo2 and HSCP. The non-voting shares of USCo2 and HSCP units make up substantially all of the NCI balance as of September 30, 2024 and are convertible for either of a Fixed Share and 
 F-25 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 of a Floating Share of Pubco or cash, as determined by the Company. 
 Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) Other NCI balances ) ) Accumulated equity-settled expenses ) ) Net assets ) ) HSCP/USCo2 ownership of HSCP Net assets allocated to USCo2/HSCP ) ) Net assets attributable to other NCIs Total NCI ) ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, HSCP Summarized Statement of Operations 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss allocable to HSCP/USCo2 ) ) ) ) HSCP/USCo2 weighted average ownership of HSCP Net loss allocated to HSCP/USCo2 ) ) ) ) Net loss allocated to other NCIs ) Net loss attributable to NCIs ) ) ) ) 
 As of September 30, 2024, USCo2 s non-voting shares owned approximately of HSCP units. USCo2 s capital structure is comprised of voting shares, all of which are held by the Company, and of non-voting shares held by certain former HSCP members. Certain executive employees and profits interests holders own approximately of HSCP units. The remaining interest in HSCP is held by USCo and represents the members equity attributable to shareholders of the parent. 
 NCI units converted to Pubco ) Ending balance 
 
 14. 
 of the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares of the Company. 
 F-26 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 of the issued and outstanding Fixed Shares and Floating Shares of the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares authorized and available for grant under the Plan. 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) Vested ) ) Unvested, September 30, 2024 
 Vested and unreleased (1) 
 Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) RSUs that are vested and unreleased represent RSUs that are pending delivery. 
 RSUs of the Company generally vest over a period of and RSUs granted to certain executives vest based on achievement of specific performance conditions. In certain situations for specified individuals, RSUs vest on an accelerated basis on separation. The fair value for RSUs is based on the Company s share price on the date of the grant. The Company recorded ) and as Equity-based compensation expense relating to RSUs on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The fair value of RSUs vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The total weighted average remaining contractual life and aggregate intrinsic value of unvested RSUs as of September 30, 2024 was approximately years and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards at September 30, 2024 was and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Granted Forfeited Expired Options outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 Options exercisable, September 30, 2024 
 
 Stock options of the Company generally vest over a period of and options granted to certain executives vest based on achievement of specific performance conditions. Stock options of the Company have an expiration period of or years from the date of grant. The weighted average contractual life remaining for Fixed Share options outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 was approximately years, respectively. The weighted average contractual life remaining for Floating Share options outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 was approximately years, respectively. The Company recorded and as Equity-based compensation expense on Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and ) and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, in connection with these awards. 
 
 F-27 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value for unvested options and for vested and exercisable options was , respectively. 

15. 
 revolving line of credit remained outstanding and the maximum obligation under this arrangement was equal to the balance advanced of . Refer to Note 6 for further discussion. 
 Prior Plan of Arrangement with Canopy Growth 
 
 On June 19, 2019, the shareholders of the Company and of Canopy Growth separately approved the proposed plan of arrangement (the Prior Plan of Arrangement involving the companies, and on June 21, 2019, the Supreme Court of British Columbia granted a final order approving the Prior Plan of Arrangement. Effective June 27, 2019, the articles of the Company were amended pursuant to the Prior Plan of Arrangement to provide that, upon the occurrence (or waiver by Canopy Growth) of the Triggering Event, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out in the arrangement agreement entered into between Acreage and Canopy Growth on April 18, 2019, as amended on May 15, 2019 (the Original Arrangement Agreement ), Canopy Growth will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Company (each, an Acreage Share ). 
 Second Amendment to the Arrangement Agreement with Canopy Growth 
 On September 23, 2020, Acreage and Canopy Growth entered into an amending agreement (the Amending Agreement or Amended Arrangement (and together with the Original Arrangement Agreement and any further amendments thereto, the Amended Plan of Arrangement and the Amended Arrangement became effective at 12:01 a.m. (Vancouver time) (the Amendment Time on September 23, 2020 (the Amendment Date ). Pursuant to the Amended Plan of Arrangement, Canopy Growth made a cash payment of which was delivered to Acreage s shareholders and certain holders of securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of Acreage. Acreage also completed a capital reorganization (the Capital Reorganization effective as of the Amendment Time whereby: (i) each existing SVS was exchanged for of a Fixed Share and of a Floating Share; (ii) each issued and outstanding PVS was exchanged for Fixed Shares and Floating Shares; and (iii) each issued and outstanding MVS was exchanged for of a Fixed Multiple Share and of a Floating Share. 
 At the Amendment Time, each option, restricted share unit, compensation option, and warrant to acquire existing SVS (each a Security that was outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment Time, was exchanged for a replacement Security to acquire Fixed Shares (a Fixed Share Replacement Security and a replacement Security to acquire Floating Shares (a Floating Share Replacement Security to account for the Capital Reorganization. 
 Pursuant to the Amended Plan of Arrangement, on the Triggering Event Date, Canopy Growth will, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions set out in the Arrangement Agreement: (i) acquire all of the issued and outstanding Fixed Shares (following the mandatory conversion of the Fixed Multiple Shares into Fixed Shares) in accordance with the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio, on the basis of (after giving effect to the Canopy Consolidation) of a Canopy Share for each Fixed Share held at the Acquisition Time, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Amended Plan of Arrangement (the Canopy Call Option including but not limited to the Canopy Consolidation effectuated by Canopy on December 15, 2023. The Canopy Call Option will expire years from the Amendment Time. 
 At the Acquisition Time, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Amended Plan of Arrangement, each Fixed Share Replacement Security will be exchanged for a replacement Security from Canopy Growth equal to: (i) the number of Fixed Shares that were issuable upon exercise of such Fixed Share Replacement Security immediately prior to the Acquisition Time, multiplied by (ii) the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio in effect immediately prior to the Acquisition Time (provided that if the foregoing would result in the issuance of a fraction of a Canopy Share, then the number of Canopy Shares to be issued will be rounded down to the nearest whole number). 
 The Amended Plan of Arrangement provides for, among other things, Amendments to the definition of Purchaser Approved Share Threshold (as defined therein) to change the number of shares of Acreage available to be issued by Acreage without an adjustment in the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio such that Acreage may issue a maximum of shares. Furthermore, Acreage generally may not issue any equity securities without Canopy Growth s prior consent. Additionally, the Amended Plan 
 F-28 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 (after giving effect to the Canopy Consolidation, as further described below) of a Canopy Share in exchange for each Floating Share. At the Special Meeting, the holders of Floating Shares approved the Floating Share Arrangement. On December 15, 2023, Canopy Growth effected the Canopy Consolidation, which triggered an Exchange Ratio Adjustment Event which affected the Floating Share Agreement and the consideration agreed upon between Canopy USA and the Company. 
 Concurrently with entering the Floating Share Agreement, Canopy Growth irrevocably waived its option to acquire the Floating Shares pursuant to the Amended Arrangement. 
 Subject to the provisions of the Floating Share Agreement, Canopy Growth has agreed to exercise the fixed option pursuant to the Amended Agreement to acquire all outstanding Fixed Shares, representing approximately of the total shares of Acreage as at the date hereof, at the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio of of a Canopy Share for each Fixed Share. On December 15, 2023, Canopy Growth effected the Canopy Consolidation, which triggered an Exchange Ratio Adjustment Event which affected our Amended Plan of Arrangement and modified the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio from of a Canopy Share for each Fixed Share to of a Canopy Share for each Fixed Share. 
 Effect of Private Placement on Exchange Ratio 
 As discussed in Note 10, on June 5, 2024, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with ATB Securities (the Agent and certain investors Holder or Investor ). Under the agreement, the Company issued units (the Units by way of a brokered private placement (the Private Placement at a price of per Unit, for gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of 1,000 principal amount of non-recourse unsecured convertible notes (the "Convertible Notes and Fixed Share purchase warrants (the Warrants or Warrant Liability ). 
 While the number of Fixed Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise, as applicable, of the Convertible Notes and the Warrants remains unknown at this time, the completion of the Offering is expected to result in significant dilution of the Fixed Shares, particularly given that the Conversion Price of the Notes is based on the Exchange Ratio, which will be adjusted pursuant to the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement for issuances in excess of the Purchaser Approved Share Threshold (as such term is defined in the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement). The Offering is expected to result in the issuance of Fixed Shares under the Convertible Notes, and Warrants exercisable to acquire Fixed Shares, at the time of closing the Fixed Share Arrangement, well in excess of the Purchaser Approved Share Threshold, with the effect that the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio will be significantly reduced. The Fixed Share Exchange Ratio reduction is expected to have a material and adverse effect on the number of Canopy shares that holders of Fixed Shares could receive pursuant to the Fixed Share Arrangement Agreement may have a material and adverse effect on the value of the Fixed Shares. 
 F-29 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 0.00000 US US US US US US US US US US US US US US 
 While the above chart shows indicative potential adjustment to the Fixed Share Exchange Ratio at the closing of the Fixed Share Acquisition (based on the number of Fixed Shares and securities convertible into or exercisable to acquire Fixed Shares, as of the date hereof), it assumes there have been no further actions taken by the Company to address the potential significant dilution and related impact on the Exchange Ratio. 
 
 On June 3, 2024, the Canopy Call Option was exercised in accordance with the terms of the Amended Arrangement. Upon closing of the Amended Arrangement and Floating Share Agreement (the Acquisitions ), Canopy USA will own of the Fixed Shares and Floating Shares and in connection therewith, Acreage would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Canopy USA. Closing of the Acquisitions remain subject to all of the closing conditions set forth in the Amended Arrangement and the Floating Share Agreement. There can be no certainty, nor can the Company provide any assurance, that all conditions precedent will be satisfied or waived, which may result in the Acquisitions not being completed. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement and Tax Receivable Bonus Plans 
 The Company is a party to (i) a tax receivable agreement dated November 14, 2018 and subsequently amended (the Tax Receivable Agreement between the Company and certain current and former unit holders of HSCP and (ii) tax receivable bonus plans dated November 14, 2018 and subsequently amended (the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans between the Company and certain directors, officers and consultants of the Company (together the Tax Receivable Recipients ). Under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans, the Company is required to make cash payments to the Tax Receivable Recipients equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that the Company actually realizes, or in certain circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) the increases in its share of the tax basis of assets of HSCP resulting from any redemptions or exchanges of Units from the HSCP Members, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Company making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Tax Receivable Bonus Plan. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that the Company makes to the Tax Receivable Recipients cannot be estimated, it expects those payments will be significant. Any payments made by the Company to the Tax Receivable Recipients may generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to it. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned on any Tax Receivable Recipient s continued ownership of Units or our shares after the completion of the RTO. Payments under the Tax Receivable Bonus Plan may, at times, be conditioned on the Tax Receivable Recipient s continued employment by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not made any payments in relation to the Tax Receivable Agreement or the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans. 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Floating Share Arrangement Agreement, Canopy Growth, Canopy USA, High Street, Acreage Holdings America, Inc. and certain individuals party to the Tax Receivable Agreement, amended the Tax Receivable Agreement in accordance with the Floating Share Agreement. Pursuant to the Floating Share Agreement, Canopy Growth, on 
 F-30 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 to the Tax Receivable Agreement Members in exchange for each such individual executing an assignment of rights agreement assigning such individual s rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement to Canopy USA, such that following assignment, Canopy USA is the sole member and beneficiary under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and (ii) fund a payment with a value of approximately to be made by the Company in Canopy Shares to certain eligible participants pursuant to the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans, as amended on October 24, 2022, both in order to reduce a potential liability of approximately under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans. In connection with the foregoing, Canopy issued: (i) common shares with a value of million to certain Tax Receivable Agreement Members on November 4, 2022 as the first installment; and (ii) common shares with a value of million to certain Tax Receivable Agreement Members on March 17, 2023, as the second installment. Canopy also agreed to issue Canopy common shares with a value of approximately million to certain eligible participants pursuant to the Bonus Plans to be issued immediately prior to completion of the Floating Share Arrangement. 
 Debenture 
 
 In connection with the implementation of the Amended Arrangement, pursuant to a secured debenture dated September 23, 2020 (the Debenture issued by Universal Hemp, LLC, an affiliate of Acreage that operates solely in the hemp industry in full compliance with all applicable laws (the Borrower ), to 11065220 Canada Inc., an affiliate of Canopy Growth (the Lender ), the Lender agreed to provide a loan of up to (the Loan ), of which was advanced on the Amendment Date (the Initial Advance ), and of the Loan will be advanced in the event that the following conditions, among others, are satisfied: (a) the Borrower s EBITDA (as defined in the Debenture) for any day period is greater than or equal to times the interest costs associated with the Initial Advance; and (b) the Borrower s business plan for the 12 months following the applicable day period supports an Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Debenture) of at least .00:1. On October 24, 2022, the Debenture was assigned by the Lender to Canopy USA. 
 
 The principal amount of the Loan will bear interest from the date of advance, compounded annually, and be payable on each anniversary of the date of the Debenture in cash in U.S. dollars at a rate of per annum. The Loan will mature years from the date of the Initial Advance. 
 The Loan must be used exclusively for U.S. hemp-related operations and on the express condition that such amount will not be used, directly or indirectly, in connection with or for the operation or benefit of any of the Borrower s affiliates other than subsidiaries of the Borrower exclusively engaged in U.S. hemp-related operations and not directly or indirectly, towards the operation or funding of any activities that are not permissible under applicable law. The Loan proceeds must be segregated in a distinct bank account and detailed records of debits to such distinct bank account will be maintained by the Borrower. 
 
 No payment due and payable to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Debenture may be made using funds directly or indirectly derived from any cannabis or cannabis-related operations in the United States, unless and until the Triggering Event Date. 
 The Debenture includes usual and typical events of default for a financing of this nature, including, without limitation, if: (i) Acreage is in breach or default of any representation or warranty in any material respect pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement; (ii) operations deemed to be non-core must cease within months from the Amendment Date; and (iii) Acreage fails to perform or comply with any covenant or obligation in the Arrangement Agreement which is not remedied within days after written notice is given to the Borrower by the Lender. The Debenture also includes customary representations and warranties, positive covenants and negative covenants of the Borrower. 
 
 Advisor fee 
 
 In connection with the Prior Plan of Arrangement, the Company entered into an agreement with its financial advisor providing for a fee payment of in either cash, Acreage shares or Canopy Growth shares, at the discretion of the Company, upon the successful acquisition of Acreage by Canopy Growth. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company amended the terms of the agreement with its financial advisors providing for a fee payment of in cash, less a initial payment, and in shares of the Company, upon the successful acquisition of Acreage by Canopy Growth. 
 
 Surety bonds 
 
 The Company has indemnification obligations with respect to surety bonds primarily used as security against non-performance in the amount of as of September 30, 2024, for which no liabilities are recorded on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 F-31 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 in Legal settlements, net on the Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. In connection with this settlement agreement, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of to CanWell, which is non-interest bearing and is payable in periodic payments through December 31, 2024. Through September 30, 2024, the Company has paid of the promissory note. 
 
 Contingencies 
 The Company s operations are subject to a variety of local and state regulations. Failure to comply with one or more of those regulations could result in fines, restrictions on its operations, or losses of permits that could result in the Company s applicable subsidiaries ceasing operations. While management of the Company believes that the Company s subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable local and state regulations as of September 30, 2024, cannabis regulations continue to evolve and are subject to differing interpretations. As a result, the Company s subsidiaries may be subject to regulatory fines, penalties, or restrictions in the future. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries may be, from time to time, subject to various administrative, regulatory and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Contingent liabilities associated with legal proceedings are recorded when a liability is probable, and the contingent liability can be reasonably estimated. 
 New York outstanding litigation 
 
 On November 2, 2018, EPMMNY LLC EPMMNY filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, asserting claims against defendants, including NYCANNA, Impire State Holdings LLC Impire ), NY Medicinal Research Caring, LLC NYMRC (each, a wholly owned subsidiary of High Street) and High Street. The Index Number for the action is 655480/2018. EPMMNY alleges that it was wrongfully deprived of a minority equity interest and management role in NYCANNA by its former partner, New Amsterdam Distributors, LLC New Amsterdam ), which attempted to directly or indirectly sell or transfer EPMMNY s alleged interest in NYCANNA to other entities in 2016 and 2017, including Impire, NYMRC and High Street. 
 
 EPMMNY alleges that it is entitled to the value of its alleged minority interest in NYCANNA or minority ownership in NYCANNA. EPMMNY also alleges that certain defendants misused its alleged intellectual property and/or services, improperly solicited its employees, and aided and abetted or participated in the transfer of equity and/or business opportunities from EPMMNY. 
 
 High Street, along with the other Defendants, filed motions to dismiss on April 1, 2019. The motions were fully briefed and submitted to the Court as of July 18, 2019, and oral argument was heard on September 6, 2019. Following a hearing held during April 2022, in ruling on one dismissal argument advanced by several Defendants, the Court ruled that Plaintiff had the capacity to bring this action on behalf of EPMMNY. On July 13, 2023, the Court ruled on the remaining dismissal arguments, granting the vast majority of them. As part of its ruling, the Court dismissed without prejudice every claim against NYCANNA, Impire, NYMRC, and High Street, except the claims for unjust enrichment and quantum meruit (which also were permitted to proceed against other Defendants). The only other claim that the Court did not dismiss was for breach of contract against New Amsterdam. High Street and the other remaining Defendants filed motions to reargue the motion to dismiss order on August 14, 2023. The motions were fully briefed on September 13, 2023, and oral argument was held on December 18, 2023. The Court has not yet ruled on these motions to reargue. 
 
 On July 24, 2023, EPMMNY moved for leave to file a proposed amended complaint. The proposed amended complaint names several defendants, including NYCANNA, Impire, NYMRC, High Street, and Kevin Murphy, and contains similar allegations to those in the original complaint. High Street, along with the other Defendants, filed oppositions to EPMMNY s motion for leave to file the amended complaint on August 10, 2023. Oral argument on EPMMNY s motion for leave to amend was also heard at the December 18, 2023 hearing. The Court has not yet ruled on the motion for leave to amend, but in any event directed the parties to file motions to dismiss the proposed amended complaint (which is not technically operative) on February 29, 2024. Defendants plan to do so. 
 
 F-32 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 of any recovery Plaintiff obtains in the action. On June 27, 2024, Plaintiff filed a motion to reargue the Court s order relieving its former counsel and a motion to quash the charging lien. Plaintiff s motions to reargue and quash remain pending. To date, Plaintiff has been unable to retain counsel 
 
 High Street intends to continue vigorously defend this action, which the Company firmly believes is without merit. High Street also believes it is entitled to full indemnity from the claims asserted against it by EPMMNY pursuant to the purchase agreement pertaining to its acquisition of NYCANNA and personal guarantee by the largest shareholders of the seller. 
 Health Circle, Inc. litigation 
 On April 13, 2023, Health Circle, Inc., a licensed cannabis dispensary operator in Massachusetts, initiated a civil action against the Company and MA RMD SVCS, LLC in Plymouth County, Massachusetts for alleged breaches of that certain Revolving Line of Credit, dated October 31, 2017, by and between Health Circle, Inc. and MA RMD SVCS, LLC (the HCI Credit Agreement and certain torts. High Street has filed a second civil action against Michael Westort, individually, in the Business Litigation Section, located in Boston, MA, predicated upon that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2018, by and between Mr. Westort and High Street. The Company has moved to partially dismiss the complaint in Plymouth County, and the court has scheduled a hearing on February 1, 2024 to hear argument on this motion. The Company is assessing the amended complaint, and will ultimately file counterclaims against Health Circle, Inc. based on the outstanding debt under the HCI Credit Agreement. High Street intends to vigorously defend against this action, which the Company believes is without merit, and to pursue its claims against Mr. Westort and Health Circle, Inc. 
 
 Alfred s Finest, Inc. arbitration 
 On June 22, 2023, Alfred s Finest, Inc. AFI filed a demand for arbitration relating to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2021, by and between Alfred s Finest, Inc., Robert M. Andrews, Jr and The Botanist, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of High Street, and the Company (the AFI APA ). The AFI APA provided for the payment of to AFI upon closing and an additional payable on or before the anniversary of the closing date. Pursuant to its termination rights provided under the APA, the Company sent a notice of termination of the AFI APA on June 29, 2022 before the closing occurred. AFI alleges that the Company breached the terms of the APA and claims that the notice of termination sent by the Company has no basis in the language of the AFI APA. AFI is seeking relief from the Company consisting of specific performance of the AFI APA and recovery of its damages, including arbitration fees and costs. The Company believes the plain language of the AFI APA supports its position and intends to vigorously defend this action, which the Company believes is without merit. The Company has filed a counterclaim against AFI for breach of the AFI APA based on AFI s failure to act in good faith as required by the AFI APA. 
 On June 28, 2023, in response to AFI s demand for arbitration, the Company asserted its right under the AFI APA to submit the dispute to mediation before it proceeds to arbitration. An initial mediation was held on October 30, 2023, with no resolution to the matter. An initial arbitration conference was held on October 7, 2024, with the arbitration tentatively scheduled for April 2025. 

16. 
 F-33 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 of the tax benefits, if any, that the Company actually realizes, or in certain circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) the increases in its share of the tax basis of assets of HSCP resulting from any redemptions or exchanges of Units from the HSCP Members, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Company making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Tax Receivable Bonus Plan. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that the Company makes to the Tax Receivable Recipients cannot be estimated, it expects those payments will be significant. Any payments made by the Company to the Tax Receivable Recipients may generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to it. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned on any Tax Receivable Recipient s continued ownership of Units or our shares after the completion of the RTO. Payments under the Tax Receivable Bonus Plan may, at times, be conditioned on the Tax Receivable Recipient s continued employment by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not made any payments in relation to the Tax Receivable Agreement or the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans. Refer to Note 15 for further discussion. 
 
 Secured debenture due September 2030 
 
 As disclosed in Note 10, Secured debenture due September 2030 , on September 23, 2020, pursuant to the implementation of the Amended Arrangement, a subsidiary of Canopy Growth advanced gross proceeds of (less transaction costs of approximately to Universal Hemp, an affiliate of the Company, pursuant to the terms of a secured debenture. In accordance with the terms of the debenture, the funds cannot be used, directly or indirectly, in connection with or for any cannabis or cannabis-related operations in the United States, unless and until such operations comply with all applicable laws of the United States. Acreage then engaged an investment advisor (the Investment Advisor which, under the Investment Advisor s sole discretion, invested on behalf of Universal Hemp, of the proceeds on September 28, 2020. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred interest expense attributable to the Secured debenture due September 2030 of and , respectively. 
 
 As a result of the transaction described above, Universal Hemp, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired class B units, at par value per unit, which represented financial interest in an Investment Partnership, a Canada-based limited partnership. An affiliate of the Institutional Investor holds Class A Units of the Investment Partnership. The general partner of the Investment Partnership is also an affiliate of the Institutional Investor. During the fourth quarter of 2023, Kevin Murphy acquired all Class A units and became the general partner of the Investment Partnership. The class B units are held by the Institutional Investor as agent for Universal Hemp. On September 28, 2020, the Company received gross proceeds of (less transaction costs of approximately from the Lender and used a portion of the proceeds of this loan to retire its short-term convertible note and its short-term note aggregating approximately in October 2020, with the remainder being used for working capital purposes. The Lender is controlled by the Institutional Lender. The Investment Partnership is the investor in the Lender. 
 
 Prime rate credit facilities due January 2026, as amended 
 
 On December 16, 2021, the Company entered into the Prime rate credit facilities due January 2026 with a syndicate of lenders, including Viridescent Realty Trust, Inc. Viridescent ), an entity affiliated with Kevin Murphy. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. On October 24, 2022, the Company amended these credit facilities and the Company paid an amendment fee of to the lenders, with paid to Viridescent. On April 28, 2023, the Company and the lenders further amended the Prime rate credit facilities. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. 
 
 On June 3, 2024, the Company, HSCP, as borrower, 11065220 Canada Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Canopy Growth, VRT Agent and the loan parties thereto from time to time, entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Interest under the loan was a variable rate of U.S. prime Prime plus per annum, payable monthly in arrears, with a Prime floor of , and a maturity date of January 1, 2026. Interest under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was payable in cash or in kind, at the Company s election, through November 30, 2024. The loan was secured by pledged equity interests and substantially all of the assets of the Company. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred interest expense attributable to Viridescent of related to the Prime rate credit facilities due January 2026 and of interest expense related to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 
 On September 13, 2024, this loan was superseded by the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, discussed above in Note 10. As a result of the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, Mr. Murphy no longer has any interest in the credit facility. 
 
 Canopy Put Option 
 
 F-34 

ACREAGE HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 , (ii) if the Fixed Share Acquisition is terminated at any time prior to the Maturity Date, or (iii) if the Company is subject to an insolvency event. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. 
 
 17. 
 operating segment, which is its only reportable segment: the production and sale of cannabis products. The Company s measure of segment performance is net income, and derives its revenue primarily from the sale of cannabis products, as well as related management or consulting services which were not material in all periods presented. All of the Company s operations are located in the United States. 
 
 18.) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average shares - diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders of the Company - basic ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders of the Company - diluted ) ) ) ) 
 Fixed warrants, Floating warrants, Fixed Share RSUs, Floating Share RSUs, Fixed Share stock options, Floating Share stock options and NCI convertible units were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share attributable to common shareholders of the Company - diluted, as they were anti-dilutive. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Fixed warrants, Floating warrants, Fixed Share RSUs, Floating Share RSUs, Fixed Share stock options, Floating Share stock options and 22,698 NCI convertible units were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share attributable to common shareholders of the Company - diluted, as they were anti-dilutive. 
 
 19. 
 F-35 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to assist in the understanding and assessing the trends and significant changes in our results of operations and financial condition. Historical results may not be indicative of future performance. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth below. 
 
 This MD A should be read in conjunction with the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report or Form 10-Q and the 2023 Form 10-K. Financial information presented in this MD A is presented in thousands of U.S. dollars, unless otherwise indicated. 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking-Statements 
 This Quarterly Report of the Company contains statements that include forward-looking information and are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable Canadian and United States securities legislation forward-looking statements ), including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included herein are forward-looking statements, including, for greater certainty, statements regarding the proposed transactions with Canopy Growth Corporation Canopy Growth or Canopy ), including the anticipated benefits and likelihood of completion thereof. 
 Generally, forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as plans , expects or does not expect , proposed , is expected , budgets , scheduled , estimates , forecasts , intends , anticipates or does not anticipate , or believes , or variations of such words and phrases, or by the use of words or phrases which state that certain actions, events or results may, could, would, or might occur or be achieved. There can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect Acreage s current beliefs and are based on information currently available to Acreage and on assumptions Acreage believes are reasonable. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of Acreage to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and other factors may include, but are not limited to: 
 The U.S. Federal illegality of the Company s business activities 
 the anticipated benefits of the Floating Share Arrangement with Canopy Growth; 
 the likelihood of Canopy Growth completing the acquisition of the Fixed Shares and/or Floating Shares; 
 risks related to the ability to finance Acreage s business and fund its obligations; 
 other expectations and assumptions concerning the transactions contemplated between Canopy Growth and Acreage; 
 in the event that the Floating Share Arrangement is completed, the likelihood of Canopy completing the Acquisition in accordance with the Existing Arrangement Agreement; 
 the risk of a change of control of either Canopy or Canopy USA; 
 the impact of material non-recurring expenses in connection with the Floating Share Arrangement on Acreage s future results of operations, cash flows and financial condition; 
 the ability of Canopy, Canopy USA and Acreage to leverage each other s respective capabilities and resources; 
 the available funds of Acreage and the anticipated use of such funds; 
 the availability of financing opportunities for Acreage and the risks associated with the completion thereof; 
 regulatory and licensing risks; 
 changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial and stock markets; 
 legal and regulatory risks inherent in the cannabis industry; 
 risks associated with economic conditions, dependence on management and currency risk; 
 risks relating to U.S. regulatory landscape and enforcement related to cannabis, including political risks; 
 risks relating to anti-money laundering laws and regulation; 
 other governmental and environmental regulation; 
 public opinion and perception of the cannabis industry; 
 risks related to contracts with third-party service providers; 
 risks related to the enforceability of contracts and lack of access to U.S. bankruptcy protections; 
 reliance on the expertise and judgment of senior management of Acreage; 
 risks related to proprietary intellectual property and potential infringement by third parties; 
 the concentrated voting control of Acreage s founder and the unpredictability caused by Acreage s capital structure; 
 36 

the dual structure of the Fixed and Floating Shares 
 risks relating to the management of growth; 
 increasing competition in the industry; 
 risks inherent in an agricultural business; 
 risks relating to energy costs; 
 risks associated with cannabis products manufactured for human consumption including potential product recalls; 
 reliance on key inputs, suppliers and skilled labor; 
 cybersecurity risks; 
 ability and constraints on marketing products; 
 fraudulent activity by employees, contractors and consultants; 
 tax and insurance related risks; 
 risks related to the economy generally; 
 risk of litigation; 
 conflicts of interest; 
 risks relating to certain remedies being limited and the difficulty of enforcement judgments and effecting service outside of Canada; 
 risks related to future acquisitions or dispositions; 
 sales by existing shareholders; and 
 limited research and data relating to cannabis. 
 
 A description of additional assumptions used to develop such forward-looking statements and a description of additional risk factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements can be found in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the heading Risk Factors , dated April 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although Acreage has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Readers are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which they are placed will occur. Forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q represent the expectations of Acreage as of the date of this Form 10-Q and, accordingly, are subject to change after such date. However, Acreage expressly disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as expressly required by applicable securities law. 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. This discussion is organized as follows: 
 Overview This section provides a general description of the Company s businesses, its strategic objectives, as well as developments that occurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 that the Company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends. 
 Results of Operations This section provides an analysis of the Company s results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This analysis is presented on a consolidated basis. In addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources This section provides an analysis of the Company s cash flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as well as a discussion on the Company s outstanding debt and commitments that existed as of September 30, 2024. Included in the discussion of outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial capacity available to fund the Company s future commitments and obligations, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements. 
 37 

Overview 
 Acreage Holdings, Inc. Acreage or the Company ), a vertically integrated, multi-state operator of cannabis licenses and assets in the U.S, was continued into the Province of British Columbia under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). Acreage Fixed Shares and Floating Shares (as such terms are defined at Note 15 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements) are each listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the symbols ACRG.A.U and ACRG.B.U , respectively, and are quoted on the OTCQX Best Market by OTC Markets Group under the symbols ACRHF and ACRDF , respectively and on the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbols 0VZ1 and 0VZ2 , respectively. Acreage operates through its consolidated subsidiary High Street Capital Partners, LLC HSCP ), a Delaware limited liability company. HSCP, which does business as Acreage Holdings , was formed on April 29, 2014. The Company became an indirect parent of HSCP on November 14, 2018 in connection with a reverse takeover RTO transaction. The Company s operations include (i) cultivating cannabis plants, (ii) manufacturing branded consumer products, (iii) distributing cannabis flower and manufactured products, and (iv) retailing high-quality, effective cannabis products to consumers. The Company appeals to medical and adult-use customers through brand strategies intended to build trust and loyalty. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Acreage owned and operated a total of 21 dispensaries - five in Ohio, four in Maine, three in New York, two in New Jersey, three in Connecticut, two in Massachusetts, and two in Illinois. As of September 30, 2024, Acreage owned and operated a total of seven cultivation and processing facilities, one each in Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania. 
 Strategic Priorities 
 The Company believes its focused strategy is the key to continued improvements in its financial results and shareholder value. For the past few years, the Company was focused on three key strategic objectives - accelerating growth in its core markets, driving profitability, and strengthening the balance sheet. For 2023 and onwards, the Company has modified its strategic objectives in response to Company and industry developments - focus on cash, accelerate growth in core markets with core brands and prepare for Canopy USA. 
 Focus on Cash : A combination of economic conditions, lack of regulatory change and industry competition impacting pricing have negatively impacted the Company s ability to generate cash flow to support operational requirements and capital activities. Additionally, these factors have likely limited the additional capital that might be available to the Company. While these factors continue, the Company will focus on maximizing the cash flow generated by operating activities and limit capital expenditures to only those projects that can be funded from existing resources and are expected to generate near-term returns. 
 Accelerating Growth in Core Markets with Core Brands : Through prior acquisitions and capital expenditures, management believes Acreage is well positioned for future success in several key markets as regulations regarding the use of cannabis continue to evolve. The Company will continue to focus its growth in its core markets where it can take advantage of and expand on the presence already established. Additionally, the Company has developed a portfolio of core brands that resonate with its customers. The Company will focus on ensuring that these core brands feature prominently in the markets where they are available. 
 Prepare for Canopy USA: During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a new strategic arrangement with Canopy Growth that would allow Canopy Growth to acquire 100 of Acreage by (i) waiving its existing Floating Share option and entering into a new Floating Share arrangement agreement dated October 24, 2022 (the Floating Share Arrangement Agreement and (ii) committing to exercise its Fixed Share option, all subject to required approvals and terms of the related agreements. Throughout 2023, the Company has taken steps necessary to prepare for the eventual closing of these transactions, including holding a special meeting of its holders of Floating Shares to authorize and approve the plan of arrangement (the Floating Share Arrangement in accordance with the terms of the Floating Share Arrangement Agreement on March 15, 2023 (the Special Meeting ). 
 
 On June 3, 2024, the Canopy Call Option was exercised in accordance with the terms of the Amended Arrangement. Upon closing of the Amended Arrangement and Floating Share Agreement (the Acquisitions ), Canopy USA will own 100 of the Fixed Shares and Floating Shares and in connection therewith, Acreage would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Canopy USA. Closing of the Acquisitions remain subject to all of the closing conditions set forth in the Amended Arrangement and the Floating Share Agreement. There can be no certainty, nor can the Company provide any assurance, that all conditions precedent will be satisfied or waived, which may result in the Acquisitions not being completed. 
 
 Highlights from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 : 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.6 million and 4.5 million, respectively, compared to adjusted EBITDA of 6.6 million and 24.0 million, respectively, during the same period in 
 38 

2023. This marks fourteen consecutive quarters of positive adjusted EBITDA, further validating management's refocused strategic plan. Refer to section Non-GAAP Information for a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP measure. 
 On January 3, 2024, the Company entered the New York adult-use market with its first wholesale product sale. 
 On January 25, 2024, the Company relocated a Connecticut dispensary to Vernon Connecticut, marking the first-ever cannabis dispensary in the borough of over 30,000 residents. 
 On March 11, 2024, the Company launched adult-use sales at its Vernon, Connecticut Dispensary. The Botanist Vernon is now operating as a hybrid dispensary, providing its full suite of products to both medical patients and adult-use customers. 
 On June 3, 2024, the Canopy Call Option was exercised in accordance with the terms of the Amended Arrangement. Upon closing of the Amended Arrangement and Floating Share Agreement (the Acquisitions ), Canopy USA will own 100 of the Fixed Shares and Floating Shares and in connection therewith, Acreage would become a wholly owned subsidiary of Canopy USA. 
 On June 3, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement. The loan will continue to bear interest at a variable rate of U.S. prime Prime plus 5.75 per annum, payable monthly in arrears, with a Prime floor of 5.50 , and a maturity date of January 1, 2026. Interest under the A R Credit Agreement will be payable in cash or in kind, at the Company s election, through November 30, 2024. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. 
 On June 4, 2024, the Company brokered a private placement of 12,000 units of the Company at a price of US 833.33 per Unit, for gross proceeds to the Company of 10 million. Refer to Note 10 for further discussion. 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with a third party lender (the New Lender and 11065220 Canada Inc. (the Canopy Lender (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). This agreement supersedes the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The New Lender advanced 65,000 with an original issue discount of 10 , being 6,500. Approximately 48,000 of the amount advanced by the New Lender was used to repay amounts owing by Acreage pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to the non-Canopy lender (the Prior Lender ). As a result, the Prior Lender has been repaid in full. The net proceeds of the loan to Acreage totaled approximately 8,000 after closing costs and expenses. Under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the loans bear interest at a rate of 13.5 , with the interest in favor of the New Lender payable in cash and interest in favor of 11065220 Canada Inc. payable in cash or in kind at Acreage's option and will initially be payable in kind. 
 Launched non-medical sales across Ohio at the Botanist locations in Akron, Canton, Cleveland, Wickliffe, and Columbus. Non-medical sales represented 38 of Q3 2024 Ohio revenue, and the Company expects to double its 2023 revenue of 50 million in the state throughout 2025. 
 Secured approval from the New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory Commission for the relocation of the Company s Atlantic City dispensary to Collingswood, New Jersey, marking the borough's first cannabis dispensary. The Botanist Collingswood is expected to open for medical and adult-use sales in Q4 2024, subject to final regulatory approval. 
 
 Operational and Regulation Overview (all amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 The Company believes its operations are in material compliance with all applicable state and local laws, regulations and licensing requirements in the states in which it operates. However, cannabis is illegal under U.S. federal law. Substantially all of the Company s revenue is derived from U.S. cannabis operations. For information about risks related to U.S. cannabis operations, please refer to Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents selected financial data derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The selected financial information set out below may not be indicative of the Company s future performance. 
 39 

Summary Results of Operations 
 Better/(Worse) Better/(Worse) in thousands, except per share amounts Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues, net 39,624 56,502 (16,878) (30) 123,923 170,580 (46,657) (27) Net operating loss (8,664) (2,501) (6,163) (246) (37,463) (6,411) (31,052) (484) Net loss attributable to Acreage (19,508) (7,625) (11,883) (156) (68,511) (38,371) (30,140) (79) Basic and diluted loss per share attributable to Acreage (0.16) (0.07) (0.09) (129) (0.58) (0.34) (0.24) (71) 
 Revenues, Cost of goods sold and Gross profit 
 
 The Company derives its revenues from sales of cannabis and cannabis-infused products through retail dispensary, wholesale and manufacturing and cultivation businesses, as well as from management or consulting fees from entities for whom the Company provides management or consulting services. 
 Gross profit is revenue less cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold includes costs directly attributable to inventory sold such as direct material, labor, and overhead, including depreciation. Such costs are further affected by various state regulations that limit the sourcing and procurement of cannabis and cannabis-related products, which may create fluctuations in gross profit over comparative periods as the regulatory environment changes. 
 Better/(Worse) Better/(Worse) in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Retail revenue, net 27,435 43,857 (16,422) (37) 85,620 130,651 (45,031) (34) Wholesale revenue, net 12,188 12,645 (457) (4) 38,302 39,845 (1,543) (4) Other revenue, net 1 1 n/m 1 84 (83) (99) Total revenues, net 39,624 56,502 (16,878) (30) 123,923 170,580 (46,657) (27) Cost of goods sold, retail (14,995) (23,247) 8,252 35 (47,538) (67,145) 19,607 29 Cost of goods sold, wholesale (10,715) (11,981) 1,266 11 (47,046) (34,454) (12,592) (37) Total cost of goods sold (25,710) (35,228) 9,518 27 (94,584) (101,599) 7,015 7 Gross profit 13,914 21,274 (7,360) (35) 29,339 68,981 (39,642) (57) Gross margin 35 38 (3) 24 40 (16) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 declined by 16,878, or 30 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decline in total revenue was primarily driven by liquidity constraints during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that limited the Company s ability to purchase inventory from third parties. 
 Retail revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 16,422, or 37 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decline was primarily driven by liquidity constraints during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that limited the Company s ability to purchase inventory from third parties. 
 Wholesale revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 457, or 4 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decline in wholesale revenue was primarily due to price compression and decreased wholesale demand in key markets, particularly in those markets where integrated operators put a greater focus on the sales of their own internally produced products. 
 Retail cost of goods sold decreased 8,252, or 35 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. This decrease was roughly in line with the reduction in Retail revenue, net; however, Retail cost of goods sold was negatively impacted by the Company s reduced purchasing power as a result of the liquidity constraints described above. 
 Wholesale cost of goods sold decreased 1,266, or 11 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. Wholesale cost of goods sold decreased due to a change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory during the first 
 40 

quarter of 2024. As a result of this change, the Company no longer uses historical average cost but instead uses three-month rolling average cost to better align with evolving market dynamics, improve the accuracy of inventory valuation, and enhance financial reporting transparency. 
 Gross profit decreased 7,360, or 35 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 13,914 from 21,274 in 2023, and Gross margin decreased from 38 of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 35 of revenue in 2024, or (3) , primarily due to the change in accounting estimates for wholesale product costing, as discussed above. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 Total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 declined by 46,657, or 27 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decline in total revenue was primarily due to continued competitive pressure across most of the Company s markets. 
 Retail revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 45,031, or 34 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decline was primarily driven by liquidity constraints that limited the Company s access to inventory, increased retail competition, and pricing pressures in key markets. 
 Wholesale revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 1,543, or 4 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decline in wholesale revenue was primarily due to price compression and decreased wholesale demand in key markets, particularly in those markets where integrated operators put a greater focus on the sales of their own internally produced products. 
 Retail cost of goods sold decreased 19,607, or 29 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. This decrease was driven by lower volumes and cost efficiencies. 
 Wholesale cost of goods sold increased 12,592, or 37 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. The growth in wholesale cost of goods sold contrasted with a 4 decrease in wholesale revenue. Wholesale cost of goods sold increased due to i) a change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory which resulted in a 13,828 charge to Cost of goods sold, wholesale (refer to Note 2 for further discussion) and ii) inflation driven cost increases and product mix shifts, which were greater than the cost reductions associated with lower volumes. 
 Gross profit decreased 39,642 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 29,339 from 68,981 in 2023, and Gross margin decreased from 40 of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 24 of revenue in 2024, or 16 , due to the factors discussed above. Efficiencies gained from further economies of scale were unable to offset overall selling price declines, and cost increases due to inflation. 
 41 

Total operating expenses 
 Total operating expenses consist primarily of recurring general and administrative expenses, compensation expenses, professional fees, which includes, but is not limited to, legal and accounting services, and one-time expenses such as loss on disposal of construction in process. 
 Operating expenses Better/(Worse) Better/(Worse) in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 General and administrative 7,516 8,036 520 6 22,814 25,621 2,807 11 Compensation expense 11,746 13,524 1,778 13 35,614 38,930 3,316 9 Equity-based compensation expense (212) 745 957 n/m 1,939 2,423 484 20 Marketing 603 542 (61) (11) 1,721 1,942 221 11 Loss on disposals of construction in process 2,072 (2,072) n/m 2,072 (2,072) n/m Write down of assets held-for-sale n/m 3,557 3,557 n/m Depreciation and amortization 853 928 75 8 2,642 2,919 277 9 Total operating expenses 22,578 23,775 1,197 5 66,802 75,392 8,590 11 n/m - Not Meaningful 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 Total operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 22,578, a decrease of 1,197, or 5 , compared with 2023. The primary drivers of the decrease in operating expenses were as follows: 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 520 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to decreases related to deal related professional fees. 
 Compensation expense decreased 1,778 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 2023, primarily due to staffing reductions. 
 Equity-based compensation expense decrease 957 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 2023, primarily due to changes made to the Company s long-term incentive compensation plans. 
 Loss on disposals of capital assets expenses increased by 2,072 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to increase in capital asset disposals related to construction activities for the Prime Wellness of Pennsylvania expansion project. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 66,802, a decrease of 8,590, or 11 , compared with 2023. The primary drivers of the increase in operating expenses were as follows: 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 2,807 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to initiatives put in place by management to reduce operating costs across the Company. 
 Compensation expense decreased 3,316 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 2023, primarily due to staffing reductions. 
 Equity-based compensation expense decreased 484 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 2023, primarily due to changes made to the Company s long-term incentive compensation plans. 
 Loss on disposals of capital assets expenses increased by 2,072 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 2023, primarily due to increase in capital asset disposals related to construction activities for the Prime Wellness of Pennsylvania expansion project. 
 Write down of assets held-for-sale of 3,557 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the Company s adult-use cannabis cultivation and processing operations in the state of California, which did not recur in the current year. 
 
 42 

Total other income (loss) 
 Other loss 
 Better/(Worse) Better/(Worse) in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income from investments, net 248 (248) n/m 228 (228) n/m Interest income from loans receivable n/m 10 (10) n/m Interest expense (8,128) (9,207) 1,079 12 (25,423) (26,143) 720 3 Other income (loss), net (983) 10,021 (11,004) n/m (7,320) 9,823 (17,143) n/m Total other income (loss) (9,111) 1,062 (10,173) n/m (32,743) (16,082) (16,661) (104) n/m - Not Meaningful 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 Total other income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 9,111, an increase of 10,173 compared with 2023. The primary drivers of the increase in Total other income (loss) were as follows: 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 8,128 decreased by 1,079, which was driven by (i) a decrease in interest expense related to the Note backed by ERTC resulting from a reduction in the principal balance and (ii) changes to interest related to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, refer to Note 10 for further discussion. 
 Other income (loss), net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 983 increased by 11,004 as compared with 2023 and was primarily driven by not receiving employee retention tax credits. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 
 
 Total other income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 32,743, increased by 16,661 compared with 2023. The primary drivers of the decrease in Total other loss were as follows: 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 25,423 decreased by 720 as a result of the Company having a larger debt balance as compared to 2023. 
 Other income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 7,320 increased by 17,143 as compared with 2023 and was driven by a 6,322 loss related to the extinguishment of the Prime rate credit facilities due September 2027, as amended, and not receiving employee retention tax credits. 
 
 Net loss 
 Net loss Better/(Worse) Better/(Worse) in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (22,240) (7,859) (14,381) (183) (79,688) (42,256) (37,432) (89) Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling interests (2,732) (234) (2,498) n/m (11,177) (3,885) (7,292) (188) Net loss attributable to Acreage Holdings, Inc. (19,508) (7,625) (11,883) (156) (68,511) (38,371) (30,140) (79) 
 The changes in net loss are driven by the factors discussed above. 
 Non-GAAP Information 
 This statement includes Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP performance measure that we use to supplement our results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate its actual operating performance and for planning and forecasting future periods. The Company believes that the adjusted results presented provide relevant and useful information for investors because they clarify the Company s actual operating performance, make it easier to compare our results with those of other companies and allow investors to review performance in the same way as our management. Since these measures are not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, they should not be considered in isolation of, or as a 
 43 

substitute for, net loss or our other reported results of operations as reported under U.S. GAAP as indicators of our performance, and they may not be comparable to similarly named measures from other companies. 
 The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest, income taxes and, depreciation and amortization and excluding the following: (i) income from investments, net (the majority of the Company's investment income relates to remeasurement to net asset value of previously-held interests in connection with our roll-up of affiliates, and the Company expects income from investments to be a non-recurring item as its legacy investment holdings diminish), (ii) equity-based compensation expense, (iii) non-cash losses on disposals of construction in process, (iv) transaction costs, (v) non-cash inventory adjustments and (vi) other non-recurring expenses (other expenses and income not expected to recur). 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA Better/(Worse) Better/(Worse) in thousands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (U.S. GAAP) (22,240) (7,859) (79,688) (42,256) Income tax expense 4,465 6,420 9,482 19,763 Interest expense, net 8,128 9,207 25,423 26,133 Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 3,165 2,427 12,675 8,976 EBITDA (non-GAAP) (6,482) 10,195 (16,677) (164) (32,108) 12,616 (44,724) (355) Adjusting items: Loss (income) from investments, net (248) (228) Loss on disposals of construction in process 2,072 2,072 Non-cash inventory adjustments 
 2,048 2,103 5,745 8,824 Loss on extraordinary events (2) 
 154 1,692 Gain on business divestiture (47) (47) Write down of assets held-for-sale 3,557 Equity-based compensation expense (212) 745 1,939 2,423 Other non-recurring expenses (3) 
 3,196 (6,174) 26,695 (4,835) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 622 6,574 (5,952) (91) 4,497 24,002 (19,505) (81) 
 (1) Depreciation and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 contains depreciation and amortization included in cost of goods sold. 
 (2) Extraordinary items are events and transactions that are distinguished by their unusual nature and by the infrequency of their occurrence. 
 (3) Other non-recurring income and expenses relates to (i) certain compensation, (ii) general and administrative, (iii) other miscellaneous income and expenses, and (iv) a change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory, which resulted in a 13,828 charge to Cost of goods sold, wholesale for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (refer to Note 2 for further discussion). The Company excludes these items as they are not expected to recur. 
 
 The changes in adjusted EBITDA are driven by the factors discussed above. 
 44 

LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND GOING CONCERN 
 Liquidity 
 Sources and uses of cash (all amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 The Company s primary uses of capital include operating expenses, income taxes, capital expenditures and the servicing of outstanding debt. The Company s primary sources of capital include funds generated by cannabis sales as well as financing activities. Through September 30, 2024, the Company had primarily used private financing as a source of liquidity for short-term working capital needs and general corporate purposes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of 13,845, including 13,780 of cash and cash equivalents and 65 of restricted cash, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The Company s ability to fund its operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other obligations depends on its future operating performance and ability to obtain financing, which are subject to prevailing economic conditions, as well as financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control. 
 
 The Company s future contractual obligations include the following: 
 Leases 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had future operating lease obligations and future finance lease obligations of 25,471 and 14,232, respectively, with 905 and 189 payable within the next three months, respectively. The Company leases land, buildings, equipment and other capital assets which it plans to use for corporate purposes in addition to the production and sale of cannabis products. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and are expensed in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations on the straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company does not have any material variable lease payments, and accounts for non-lease components separately from leases. Refer to Note 8 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding debt with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of 274,662 (net of 12,170 of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs), with 2,437 payable within the remaining three months. The Company has related future interest payments of 25,423, with 8,128 payable within the remaining three months. On June 3, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a new syndicate of lenders, including a wholly owned subsidiary of Canopy Growth Corporation. Refer to Notes 10 and 17 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. On June 4, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement that allowed the Company to issue 12,000 units (the Units by way of a brokered private placement (the Private placement at a price of 833.33 per Unit, for gross proceeds of 10,000. Refer to Notes 10 and 17 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. On September 13, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with a third party lender (the New Lender and 11065220 Canada Inc. (the Canopy Lender (the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). This agreement supersedes the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The New Lender advanced 65,000 with an original issue discount of 10 , being 6,500. Approximately 48,000 of the amount advanced by the New Lender was used to repay amounts owing by Acreage pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to the non-Canopy lender (the Prior Lender ). As a result, the Prior Lender has been repaid in full. The net proceeds of the loan to Acreage totaled approximately 8,000 after closing costs and expenses. Under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the loans bear interest at a rate of 13.5 , with the interest in favor of the New Lender payable in cash and interest in favor of 11065220 Canada Inc. payable in cash or in kind at Acreage's option and will initially be payable in kind. 
 
 The Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents of 13,780 as of September 30, 2024, and other mitigating factors, will assist the future obligations discussed above as well as the capital needs of the existing operations and expansion plans over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 2 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Going Concern 
 
 As reflected in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2024, as well as a net loss and negative cash flow from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Continuation as a going concern is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which is dependent upon the Company s ability to meet its financial requirements and the success of its future operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to 
 45 

the amount and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should the Company not continue as a going concern. 
 
 Management believes that substantial doubt about the Company s ability to meet its obligations for the next twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued can be mitigated by, but not limited to, (i) expected long-term sales growth from the Company s consolidated operations, (ii) latitude as to the timing and amount of certain operating expenses as well as capital expenditures, (iii) expense reduction plans that have already been put in place to improve the Company s results, (iv) access to the U.S. and Canadian public equity markets. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. Management also cannot provide any assurance as to unforeseen circumstances that could occur at any time within the next twelve months or thereafter which could increase the Company s need to raise additional capital on an immediate basis. 
 
 Cash flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 13,845 as of September 30, 2024, which represents a net decrease of 3,770 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The following table details the change in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash related to assets held for sale for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Cash flows Better/(Worse) in thousands Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (17,547) (18,729) 1,182 6 Net cash used in investing activities (2,890) (2,206) (684) (31) Net cash provided by financing activities 16,667 21,661 (4,994) (23) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (3,770) 726 (4,496) n/m n/m - Not Meaningful 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used 17,547 of net cash in operating activities, which represented a change of 1,182, or 6 , when compared with 2023. This change was driven by (i) unrecognized tax benefits of 14,691, (ii) non-cash inventory write-offs and provisions of 13,588, (iii) loss on extinguishment of 6,322, and (iv) primarily offset by an increase to net loss of 37,431. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used 2,890 of net cash through investing activities compared to 2,206 of net cash used in investing activities in the same period for 2023, which represented a change of 684, which was primarily driven by less purchases of capital assets of 2,955, offset by collection of notes receivable of 2,150. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company provided 16,667 of net cash through financing activities compared to 21,661 of net cash provided by financing activities in the same period for 2023, which represented a change of 4,994. This change was primarily driven by less proceeds from debt refinancing of 18,666, offset by proceeds from private placement of 10,500 and changes in capital distributions - non-controlling interests of 3,968. 
 46 

Capital Resources 
 Capital structure and debt 
 Our debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is as follows: 
 Debt balances September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Financing liability (failed sale-leaseback) 14,454 15,253 Finance lease liabilities 5,379 5,943 7.50 Loan due April 2026 34,691 32,438 6.10 Secured debenture due September 2030 47,293 46,955 Note due December 2024 792 2,375 13.5 credit facilities due September 2027, as amended 158,719 132,337 Amended and restated credit agreement Convertible notes 11,693 Note backed by ERTC 1,641 1,641 Total debt 274,662 236,942 Less: current portion of debt 2,437 4,132 Total long-term debt 272,225 232,810 
 Commitments and contingencies 
 Commitments 
 The Company provides revolving lines of credit to certain of its portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2024, only one revolving line of credit remained outstanding and the maximum obligation under this arrangement was equal to the balance advanced. Refer to Note 6 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Arrangement with Canopy Growth 
 On June 19, 2019, the shareholders of the Company and of Canopy Growth separately approved the Prior Plan of Arrangement involving the two companies, which was subsequently amended on September 23, 2020. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a new strategic arrangement with Canopy Growth that, would allow Canopy Growth to acquire 100 of Acreage by (i) waiving its existing Floating Share option and entering into a new Floating Share acquisition agreement; and (ii) committing to exercise its Fixed Share option, all subject to required approvals and terms of the related agreements. 
 Refer to Note 15 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Advisor fee 
 In connection with the Prior Plan of Arrangement, the Company entered into an agreement with its financial advisor providing for a fee payment of 7,000 in either cash, Acreage shares or Canopy Growth shares, at the discretion of the Company, upon the successful acquisition of Acreage by Canopy Growth. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company amended the terms of the agreement with its financial advisors providing for a fee payment of 3,000 in cash, less a 500 initial payment, and 2,000 in shares of the Company, upon the successful acquisition of Acreage by Canopy Growth. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 The Company is a party to (i) a tax receivable agreement dated November 14, 2018 and subsequently amended (the Tax Receivable Agreement between the Company, certain current and former unit holders of HSCP and, Canopy Growth and Canopy USA and (ii) tax receivable bonus plans dated November 14, 2018 and subsequently amended (the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans between the Company and certain directors, officers, consultants of the Company, Canopy Growth and Canopy USA (together the Tax Receivable Recipients ). Under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Tax Receivable Bonus Plans, the Company is required to make cash payments to the Tax Receivable Recipients equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that the Company actually realizes, or in certain circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) the increases in its share of the tax basis of assets of HSCP resulting from any redemptions or exchanges of Units from the HSCP Members, and (ii) certain 
 47 

other tax benefits related to the Company making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Tax Receivable Bonus Plan. 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Floating Share Agreement, Canopy, Canopy USA, High Street, USCo and certain individuals party to the Tax Receivable Agreement, amended the Tax Receivable Agreement. Pursuant to the Floating Share Agreement, Canopy, on behalf of Canopy USA agreed to: (i) issue Canopy Shares with a value of approximately 30.5 million due to the participants of a tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement Members in exchange for each such individual executing an assignment of rights agreement assigning such individual s rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement to Canopy USA, such that following assignment, Canopy USA is the sole member and beneficiary under the TRA; and (ii) fund a payment with a value of approximately 19.5 million to be made by the Company in Canopy Shares to certain eligible participants pursuant to the Bonus Plans, as amended on October 24, 2022, both in order to reduce a potential liability of approximately 121 million under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the Bonus Plans. In connection with the foregoing, Canopy, on behalf of Canopy USA, issued: (i) 5,648,927 Canopy Shares (equivalent to 564,893 Canopy Shares on a post-Canopy Consolidation basis) with a value of 15.2 million to certain Tax Receivable Agreement Members on November 4, 2022 as the first installment; and (ii) 7,102,081 Canopy Shares (equivalent to 710,208 on a post-Canopy Consolidation basis)with a value of 15.2 million to certain Tax Receivable Agreement Members on March 17, 2023, as the second installment, as consideration for the assignment of such Tax Receivable Agreement Members rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement to Canopy USA. Canopy, on behalf of Canopy USA, also agreed to issue Canopy common shares with a value of approximately US 19.6 million to certain eligible participants pursuant to the Bonus Plans to be issued immediately prior to completion of the Floating Share Arrangement. 
 
 Surety bonds 
 
 The Company has indemnification obligations with respect to surety bonds primarily used as security against non-performance in the amount of 5,000 as of September 30, 2024, for which no liabilities are recorded on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 The Company is subject to other capital commitments and similar obligations. As of September 30, 2024, such amounts were not material. 
 Contingencies 
 The Company s operations are subject to a variety of local and state regulations. Failure to comply with one or more of those regulations could result in fines, restrictions on its operations, or losses of permits that could result in the Company s applicable subsidiaries ceasing operations. While management of the Company believes that the Company s subsidiaries are in compliance with applicable local and state regulations as of September 30, 2024, cannabis regulations continue to evolve and are subject to differing interpretations. As a result, the Company s subsidiaries may be subject to regulatory fines, penalties, or restrictions in the future. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries may be, from time to time, subject to various administrative, regulatory and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Contingent liabilities associated with legal proceedings are recorded when a liability is probable, and the contingent liability can be reasonably estimated. Refer to Note 15 of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. In our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified the critical accounting policies which affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company implemented a change in accounting estimate for the costing of inventory cultivated, extracted or processed, and manufactured or infused by the Company from historical average cost to three-month rolling average cost to better align with evolving market dynamics, improve the accuracy of inventory valuation, and enhance financial reporting transparency. The Company accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and, accordingly, applied it on a prospective basis. This change resulted in a 13,828 charge to Cost of goods sold, wholesale on the Company s Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 48 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (presented in thousands, except share amounts). 
 The Company has exposure to certain risks, including market, credit, liquidity, asset forfeiture, banking and interest rate risk, and assesses the impact and likelihood of those risks. However, there have been no material changes in our market risk during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, refer to our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evalu ation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, and due to the material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting described below, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were not effective for the period ending September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 
 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Management, including the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 The review, testing and evaluation of key internal controls over financial reporting completed by the Company resulted in the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluding that a material weakness in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting remained present as of September 30, 2024. Specifically, as a result of turnover and the availability of resources with the appropriate level of technical capabilities (including the impacts on staffing and recruiting and the general global labor shortage brought about by the global COVID-19 pandemic), the Company did not have effective staffing levels and adequate segregation of duties within several finance and accounting processes, including the ability to adequately assess the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 
 49 

In connection with the remediation of this material weakness, the Company has implemented additional controls to address the inventory cutoff deficiency mentioned above. Specifically, the Company has designed and implemented manual and automated controls over accruals, along with improved post-close review procedures. Additionally, the Company has introduced a quarterly cut-off control testing procedure to ensure that the timing of goods receipt aligns with invoicing. Through formal testing, management has concluded that the controls over inventory cutoff are now operating effectively. 
 
 Further, and as a result of this material weakness, the Company s financial disclosures for the quarterly period ending June 30, 2021 incorrectly disclosed certain debt that was due 11 months after the balance sheet date as long-term rather than as current liabilities. This debt was correctly classified and disclosed as of September 30, 2021. Additionally, and as a result of this material weakness, the Company s financial disclosures for the quarterly and annual periods ended June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021 incorrectly reported the weighted average shares outstanding which resulted in an incorrect determination of earnings per share and diluted earnings per share. The calculation of earnings per share and diluted earnings per share were corrected and disclosed as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company has begun to address the material weaknesses described above through the following actions. Although the Company previously believed the material weaknesses would be addressed by the second half of 2023, due to continued staff turnover and the availability of resources with appropriate levels of technical capabilities, the Company now expects to complete these actions in 2024: 
 
 a. Engaging third-party consultants with appropriate expertise to assist the finance and accounting department on an interim basis until key roles are filled; 
 b. Assessing finance and accounting resources to identify the areas and functions that lack sufficient personnel and recruiting for experienced personnel to assume these roles; 
 c. Further centralization of key accounting processes to enable greater segregation of duties; 
 d. Developing further training on segregation of duties; and 
 e. Designing and implementing additional compensating controls where necessary. 
 
 The Company is working diligently to remediate this material weakness and will continue to evaluate the staffing requirements of the Company as the landscape and needs of the Company continue to evolve. However, there is no assurance that this material weakness will be fully remediated by December 31, 2024 given continuing lasting impacts of COVID-19 on staffing and labor for companies within our industry and otherwise. A material weakness cannot be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the third quarter of 2023, we implemented a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system. As a result of this implementation, we revised existing internal controls, processes, and procedures where necessary. 
 
 Other than the changes discussed above in connection with our implementation of a new ERP system and remediation plan relating to our material weakness, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 For information on legal proceedings, refer to Note 15 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included this report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors described in the section titled Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 None. 
 50 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 (c) 
 During the third quarter of 2024, none of our directors or Section 16 officers or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description of Document Schedule Form File Number Exhibit/Form Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among High Street Capital Partners, LLC, as Borrower, Acreage Holdings, Inc, as Parent, the other loan parties that are parties hereto, the lenders that are party hereto, as lenders and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as Agent dated as of September 13, 2024 
 8-K 000-56021 4.1 
 9/13/2024 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Principal Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Principal Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language):): (i) Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (audited), (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (iii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (iv) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and (vi) the information included in Part II, Item 5(c). 
 X 
 Document has been furnished, is not deemed filed and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing. 
 + Portions of this exhibit are redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 51 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 Acreage Holdings, Inc. By: /s/ Philip Himmelstein Philip Himmelstein Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
 52 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-ceocertification3q24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 Under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Dennis Curran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Acreage Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 By s Dennis Curran 
 Dennis Curran 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-cfocertification3q24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 Under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Philip Himmelstein, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Acreage Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 By s Philip Himmelstein 
 Philip Himmelstein 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321-soxcertification3q24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications of the 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Acreage Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on our knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Dennis Curran Dennis Curran 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 s Philip Himmelstein Philip Himmelstein Chief Financial Officer 

Date November 14, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 acrg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 acrg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 acrg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 acrg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 acrg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

