<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_884887_0000884887-24-000147.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9689171</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123115</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1509352</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3830390</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2156236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1859511</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000884887-24-000147.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029163553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000884887-24-000147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				980081645
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11884
		FILM NUMBER:		241406279

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 CARIBBEAN WAY
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055396000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 CARIBBEAN WAY
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920424

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000884887-24-000147.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 rcl-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rcl-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Republic of 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 There were shares of common stock outstanding as of October 25, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 39 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 40 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 41 
 SIGNATURES 
 42 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (unaudited; in millions, except per share data) Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Passenger ticket revenues Onboard and other revenues Total revenues Cruise operating expenses: Commissions, transportation and other Onboard and other Payroll and related Food Fuel Other operating Total cruise operating expenses Marketing, selling and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses Operating Income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense, net of interest capitalized ) ) Equity investment income Other expense ) ) ) ) Net Income Less: Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Earnings per Share: Basic Diluted Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Change in defined benefit plans (Loss) gain on cash flow derivative hedges ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive Income Less: Comprehensive Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 1 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (unaudited; in millions, except per share data) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Passenger ticket revenues Onboard and other revenues Total revenues Cruise operating expenses: Commissions, transportation and other Onboard and other Payroll and related Food Fuel Other operating Total cruise operating expenses Marketing, selling and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses Operating Income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense, net of interest capitalized ) ) Equity investment income Other expense ) ) ) ) Net Income Less: Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Earnings per Share: Basic Diluted Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments Change in defined benefit plans Loss on cash flow derivative hedges ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive Income Less: Comprehensive Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 2 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share data) As of September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (unaudited) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net of allowances of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other assets Derivative financial instruments Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets, net of allowances of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Derivative financial instruments Customer deposits Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; ne outstanding) 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock and common shares at cost, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Noncontrolling Interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 3 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited, in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization Net deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Loss on derivative instruments not designated as hedges Share-based compensation expense Equity investment income ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums Loss on extinguishment of debt and inducement expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables, net ) Increase in inventories, net ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Increase in accounts payable trade Decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Increase in customer deposits Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Cash received on settlement of derivative financial instruments Cash paid on settlement of derivative financial instruments ) ) Investments in and loans to unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Cash received on loans from unconsolidated affiliates Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Debt proceeds Debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of debt ) ) Premium on repayment of debt ) ) Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 4 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited, in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosure Cash paid during the period for: Interest, net of amount capitalized Non-cash Investing Activities Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities Non-cash Financing Activity Non-cash inducement on convertible notes exchange 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 5 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (unaudited; in millions) 

Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at July 1, 2024 ) ) Activity related to employee stock plans Common stock dividends, per share 
 ) ) Convertible notes settlement Changes related to cash flow derivative hedges ) ) Change in defined benefit plans Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Other activity attributable to noncontrolling interest Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Common Stock Paid-in Capital (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Activity related to employee stock plans Common stock dividends, per share 
 ) ) Convertible notes settlement Changes related to cash flow derivative hedges ) ) Change in defined benefit plans Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interest Other activity attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 6 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (unaudited; in millions) 

Common Stock Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Activity related to employee stock plans Changes related to cash flow derivative hedges Change in defined benefit plans Foreign currency translation adjustments Sale of noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interest Dividends from noncontrolling interest ) ) Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

Common Stock Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Activity related to employee stock plans Convertible notes settlement Changes related to cash flow derivative hedges ) ) Change in defined benefit plans Foreign currency translation adjustments Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Sale of noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interest Dividends from noncontrolling interest ) ) Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 7 

ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the terms Royal Caribbean, "Royal Caribbean Group," the Company, we, our and us refer to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and, depending on the context, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. s consolidated subsidiaries and/or affiliates. The terms Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises, and "Silversea Cruises" refer to our wholly owned global cruise brands. Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we also refer to our partner brands in which we hold an ownership interest, including TUI Cruises and "Hapag-Lloyd Cruises." However , because these partner brands are unconsolidated investments, our operating results and other disclosures herein do not include these brands unless otherwise specified. In accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, the term berths is determined based on double occupancy per cabin even though many cabins can accommodate three or more passengers. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also includes trademarks, trade names and service marks of other companies. Use or display by us of other parties trademarks, trade names or service marks is not intended to and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties other than as described herein. 
 
 global cruise brands: Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Silversea Cruises (collectively, our "Global Brands"). We also own a joint venture interest in TUI Cruises GmbH ("TUIC"), which operates the German brands TUI Cruises and Hapag-Lloyd Cruises (collectively, our "Partner Brands"). We account for our investments in our Partner Brands under the equity method of accounting. Together, our Global Brands and our Partner Brands have a combined fleet of ships as of September 30, 2024. Our ships offer a selection of worldwide itineraries that call on more than destinations in over countries on all continents. 

8 

nights. 
 Passenger ticket revenues include charges to our guests for port costs that vary with passenger head counts. These types of port costs, along with port costs that do not vary by passenger head counts, are included in our cruise operating expenses. The amounts of port costs charged to our guests and included within Passenger ticket revenues on a gross basis were million and million for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Our total revenues also include Onboard and other revenues , which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and services onboard our ships that are not included in passenger ticket prices. We receive payment before or concurrently with the transfer of these goods and services to cruise passengers and recognize revenue over the duration of the related cruise. 
 As a practical expedient, we have omitted disclosures on our remaining performance obligations as the duration of our contracts with customers is less than a year. 
 
 9 

Asia/Pacific Europe Other regions (2) Total revenues by itinerary Other revenues (3) Total revenues 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Passenger ticket revenues are attributed to geographic areas based on where the reservation originates. 
 United Kingdom All other countries (1) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Passenger ticket revenues: United States All other countries (1) 
 (1) 
 Customer Deposits and Contract Liabilities 
 Our payment terms generally require an upfront deposit to confirm a reservation, with the balance due prior to the cruise. Deposits received on sales of passenger cruises are initially recorded as Customer deposits in our consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognized as passenger ticket revenues or onboard revenues during the duration of the cruise. ASC 606, Revenues from Contracts with Customers , defines a contract liability as an entity s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration from the customer. We do not consider customer deposits to be a contract liability until the customer no longer retains the unilateral right, resulting from the passage of time, to cancel such customer's reservation and receive a full refund. Customer deposits presented in our consolidated balance sheets include contract liabilities of billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 During the pandemic we provided flexibility to guests with bookings on sailings that were cancelled by allowing guests to receive future cruise credits FCCs ). As of September 30, 2024, our customer deposit balance includes approximately 
 10 

million of unredeemed FCCs. Our FCCs are not refundable and do not have expiration dates. Based upon our analysis of historical redemption experience, we believe a portion of our FCCs are not probable of being used in future periods. Based on our current estimates, we recognized an immaterial amount of FCC breakage revenue during the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We will continue to monitor changes in redemption behavior and estimate and record revenue associated with breakage when the likelihood of the customer exercising their remaining rights becomes remote. 
 Contract Receivables and Contract Assets 
 Although we generally require full payment from our customers prior to their cruise, we grant credit terms to a relatively small portion of our revenue sourced in select markets outside of the United States. As a result, we have outstanding receivables from passenger cruise contracts in those markets. We also have receivables from credit card merchants for cruise ticket purchases and goods and services sold to guests during cruises that are collected before, during or shortly after the cruise voyage. In addition, we have receivables due from concessionaires onboard our vessels. These receivables are included within Trade and other receivables, net in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our credit card processing agreements require us, under certain circumstances, to maintain a reserve that can be satisfied by posting collateral. As of September 30, 2024, none of our credit card processors required us to maintain a reserve. 
 We have contract assets that are conditional rights to consideration for satisfying the construction services performance obligations under a service concession arrangement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our contract assets were million and million, respectively, and were included within Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Given the short duration of our cruises and our collection terms, we do not have any other significant contract assets. 
 Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer 
 Prepaid travel advisor commissions and prepaid credit and debit card fees are an incremental cost of obtaining contracts with customers that we recognize as an asset and include within Prepaid expenses and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Prepaid travel advisor commissions and prepaid credit and debit card fees were million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. Our prepaid travel advisor commissions and prepaid credit and debit card fees are recognized at the time of revenue recognition or at the time of voyage cancellation, and are reported primarily within Commissions, transportation and other in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Add convertible notes interest and inducement expense Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. for diluted earnings per share Weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Dilutive effect of convertible notes Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 T here were antidilutive shares for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, compared to antidilutive shares from our convertible notes for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

11 

of the entity which owns our terminal at PortMiami. Refer below to equity method investments and controlled subsidiarie s for further information on the transaction. In addition, the partnership will pursue additional port infrastructure developments, including future plans to own, develop, and manage an infrastructure project in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
 Unconsolidated investments ("equity method investments") 
 We have determined that TUI Cruises GmbH ("TUIC"), our -owned joint venture, which operates the brands TUI Cruises and Hapag-Lloyd Cruises, is a VIE. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of TUIC. We believe that the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact TUIC s economic performance is shared between ourselves and TUI AG, our joint venture partner. All the significant operating and financial decisions of TUIC require the consent of both parties, which we believe creates shared power over TUIC. Accordingly, we do not consolidate this entity and account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net book value of our investment in TUIC was million, primarily consisting of million in equity and a loan of million, or approximately million based on the exchange rate at September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the net book value of our investment in TUIC was million, primarily consisting of million in equity and a loan of million, or approximately million based on the exchange rate at December 31, 2023. The loan, which was made in connection with the sale of Splendour of the Seas in April 2016, accrues interest at a rate of per annum and is payable over years. This loan is guaranteed by TUI AG and is secured by a first priority mortgage on the ship. 
 TUIC has various ship construction and financing agreements which include certain restrictions on each of our and TUI AG s ability to reduce our current ownership interest in TUIC below through May 2033. Our investment amount and outstanding term loan are subs tantially our maximum exposure to loss in connection with our investment in TUIC. 
 We have determined that Grand Bahama Shipyard Ltd. ("Grand Bahama"), a ship repair and maintenance facility in which we have a noncontrolling interest, is a VIE. This facility serves cruise and cargo ships, oil and gas tankers and offshore units. We utilize this facility, among other ship repair facilities, for our regularly scheduled drydocks and certain emergency repairs as may be required. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of this facility as we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the facility s economic performance. Accordingly, we do not consolidate this entity and account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. 
 In 2023, we formed a -owned joint venture with the other shareholder of Grand Bahama to operate Floating Docks S. DE RL. Floating Docks ). Floating Docks will construct floating drydocks, with delivery dates expected in 2025 and 2026, that will be leased to Grand Bahama and allow it to service the entire range of cruise ships in operation and under construction, as well as much of the world s commercial shipping fleet. We and our joint venture partner have each guaranteed of certain installment payments payable by Floating Docks under the drydock and related construction contracts, which are contingent on the achievement of certain construction milestones, bringing our total payment guarantees to million as of September 30, 2024. Our investment in Floating Docks, including loans, is immaterial to our consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024. 
 We have determined that Floating Docks is a VIE. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of Floating Docks since we believe that the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Floating Docks' economic performance is shared between ourselves and our joint venture partner. All the significant operating and financial decisions of Floating Docks require the consent of both parties which we believe creates shared power over Floating Docks. Accordingly, we do not consolidate this entity and account for this investment under the equity method of accounting. 
 In 2023, as part of the transaction with iCON, we sold our controlling interest in Italian entities for an immaterial amount of net proceeds and recognized an immaterial gain on the sale. We have determined that the partnership and both Italian 
 12 

Less-current portion (1) Long-term portion (2) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 Consolidated investments ("controlled subsidiaries") 
 As part of the transaction with iCON, we sold an interest in the entity which owns our terminal at PortMiami for million and retained a minority interest, effective March 31, 2023. We also sold a noncontrolling interest in another entity which is developing a port project in Spain for an immaterial amount. We have determined that both of these entities are VIEs, and we are the primary beneficiary as we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the facility s economic performance. Accordingly, we continue to consolidate both entities. The cash consideration received for the sale of the PortMiami terminal company, net of transaction costs, was allocated between paid-in capital and noncontrolling interest using the net book value of our investment in the PortMiami terminal, as presented in the statement of shareholders' equity. 
 Other Assets 
 Credit Losses 
 In evaluating our credit loss allowance, management considered factors such as historical loss experience, the types of loans and the amount of loans in the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, peer group information and prevailing economic conditions. Our credit loss allowance as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily relates to credit losses recognized on notes receivable for the previous sale of certain property and equipment of million and million, respectively, which were originated in 2015 and 2020. 
 Credit loss (recovery), net ) Write-offs ) Balance, end of period 
 13 

2026 - 2033 Secured senior notes 
 2029 Unsecured term loans 
 
 2027 - 2036 Convertible notes 
 2025 Total fixed rate debt Variable rate debt: 
 Unsecured revolving credit facilities (2) 
 
 2026 - 2028 USD unsecured term loan 
 
 2024 - 2037 Euro unsecured term loan 
 2028 Total variable rate debt Finance lease liabilities Total debt (3) 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Less current portion ) ) Long-term portion 
 (1) 
 (2) credit adjustment spread plus an interest rate margin of . Based on applicable Term SOFR rates, as of September 30, 2024, the interest rate under the unsecured credit facilities was . We also pay a facility fee of of the total commitments under such facility. 
 (3) and , respectively . 
 Unsecured revolving credit facilities 
 As of September 30, 2024 our aggregate revolving credit capacity is billion of which billion of the commitments are scheduled to mature in October 2026 and billion of the commitments are scheduled to mature in October 2028. As of September 30, 2024, we had undrawn capacity of billion under our unsecured revolving credit facilities. 
 Debt financing transactions 
 In March 2024, we issued billion of senior unsecured notes due in 2032 for net proceeds of approximately billion. Interest accrues on the notes at a fixed rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears. The proceeds from this notes issuance, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem all of the outstanding billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2027. The repayment resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million that was recognized within Interest expense, net of interest capitalized within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In August 2024, we issued billion of senior unsecured notes due in 2033 for net proceeds of approximately billion. Interest accrues on the notes at a fixed rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears. The proceeds from this notes issuance were used to redeem all of our outstanding billion aggregate principal of Senior Notes due 2029 and all of our outstanding billion aggregate principal amount of Senior secured notes due 2029. The 
 14 

million that was recognized within Interest expense, net of interest capitalized within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In August 2024, we completed a privately negotiated exchange with a limited number of holders of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2025. The holders exchanged approximately million in aggregate principal amount for approximately million shares of common stock and million in cash, including accrued and unpaid interest. The convertible notes exchange resulted in an induced conversion expense of million that was recognized within Interest expense, net of interest capitalized within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In September 2024, we issued billion of senior unsecured notes due in 2031 for net proceeds of approximately billion in order to repay indebtedness. Interest accrues on the notes at a fixed rate per annum and is a payable semi-annually in arrears. Concurrently, we redeemed all of our outstanding million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2030. The repayment resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million that was recognized within Interest expense, net of interest capitalized within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Export credit facilities and agency guarantees 
 In May 2024, we took delivery of Silver Ray . To finance the delivery, we borrowed million under the committed financing agreement, resulting in an unsecured term loan which is guaranteed by Euler Hermes. The unsecured loan amortizes semi-annually over years and bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. 
 In June 2024, we took delivery of Utopia of the Seas . To finance the delivery, we borrowed a total of billion under the committed financing agreement, resulting in an unsecured term loan which is guaranteed by BpiFrance Assurance Export. The unsecured term loan amortizes semi-annually over years and bears interest primarily at a fixed rate of per annum. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we repaid million of outstanding deferred amounts under our export credit facilities. These repayments included both scheduled payments and an early repayment of the amortization deferral obtained on our export credit facilities in 2020 and 2021, which resulted in an immaterial loss on extinguishment of debt that was recognized within Interest expense, net of interest capitalized within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Except for the term loan we incurred to acquire Silver Moon, all of our unsecured ship financing term loans are guaranteed by the export credit agency in the respective country in which the ship is constructed. For the majority of the loans as of September 30, 2024, we pay to the applicable export credit agency, depending on the financing agreement, an upfront fee of to of the maximum loan amount in consideration for these guarantees. We amortize the fees that are paid upfront over the life of the loan. We classify these fees within Amortization of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Prior to the loan being drawn, we present these fees within Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Once the loan is drawn, such fees are classified as a discount to the related loan, or contra-liability account, within Current portion of long-term debt or long-term debt . 
 Debt covenants 
 Our revolving credit facilities, the majority of our term loans, and certain of our credit card processing agreements, contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, limit our net debt-to-capital ratio, and to maintain minimum liquidity. In July 2024, we amended all of our export credit facilities to eliminate the contractual requirement for us to maintain a minimum level of stockholders' equity. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with our debt covenants and we estimate we will be in compliance for the next twelve months. 
 15 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There will be future remeasurements of the operating lease as the County completes several construction milestones throughout the term of the extended lease, including an expected remeasurement in 2027 or later, when the County satisfies substantial completion of Terminal G, as the minimum lease payments will increase at such time to approximately million per year, with expected annual increases thereafter. 
 For some of our real estate leases and berthing agreements, we do have the option to extend our current lease term. For those lease agreements with renewal options, the renewal periods for real estate leases primarily range from one to years and the renewal periods for berthing agreements primarily range from one to years. Generally, we do not include renewal options as a component of our present value calculation for berthing agreements. However, for certain real estate leases, we include them. 
 As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. We estimate our incremental borrowing rates based on Term SOFR and U.S. Treasury note rates corresponding to lease terms increased by the Company s credit risk spread and reduced by the estimated impact of collateral. I n addition, we have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. However, for berthing agreements, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 Finance Leases 
 Our finance leases primarily relate to buildings and surrounding land located at our Miami headquarters and our lease for Silver Dawn . Finance leases are included within Property and Equipment , net and Long-term debt with the current portion of the liability included within Current portion of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The Company's master lease agreement Master Lease with Miami-Dade County related to the buildings and surrounding land located at our Miami headquarters is classified as a finance lease in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . The Master Lease includes options to extend the lease, which we are reasonably certain to exercise. In November 2023, we executed a modification to the Master Lease agreement to extend its expiration from 2076 to 2077 after coming to an agreement with Miami-Dade County on the financing plans to finalize the development of the buildings and land. The modification of the Master Lease did not change the classification of the lease. The total aggregate amount of the finance lease liabilities recorded for this Master Lease was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The development of the new campus buildings are expected to be completed in 2026, and the lease components will be recorded within our consolidated financial statements upon commencement. 
 16 

lease term. Due to the bargain purchase option at the end of the lease term in 2036, whereby Silversea Cruises is reasonably certain of obtaining ownership of the ship, Silver Dawn is accounted for as a finance lease. On September 26, 2024, we submitted an irrevocable notice to execute the bargain purchase option and pay in full all of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Silver Dawn finance lease for approximately million, which is scheduled for November 25, 2024. 
 The aggregate amount of finance lease liabilities recorded for this ship was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The lease payments on the Silver Dawn are subject to adjustments based on the Term SOFR rate. 
 Operating lease costs Other operating expenses Operating lease costs Marketing, selling and administrative expenses Financial lease costs: Amortization of right-of-use-assets Depreciation and amortization expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net of interest capitalized Total lease costs 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Classification Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Lease costs: Operating lease costs Commission, transportation and other Operating lease costs Other operating expenses Operating lease costs Marketing, selling and administrative expenses Financial lease costs: Amortization of right-of-use-assets Depreciation and amortization expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net of interest capitalized Total lease costs 
 In addition, certain of our berthing agreements include variable lease costs based on the number of passengers berthed. During the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had million and million of variable lease costs recorded within Commission, transportation and other in our consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss), respectively, compared to million and million of variable lease costs recorded within Commission, transportation and other in our consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) during the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These variable lease costs are included within the balances presented above. 
 17 

Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 

18 

Unnamed Meyer Turku Oy 2nd Quarter 2026 Celebrity Cruises Edge-class: Celebrity Xcel Chantiers de l'Atlantique 4th Quarter 2025 TUI Cruises (50 joint venture) Mein Schiff Relax Fincantieri 1st Quarter 2025 Unnamed Fincantieri 2nd Quarter 2026 Total Berths 
 In addition, during 2024, we entered into an agreement with Meyer Turku Oy and Chantiers de l' Atlantique to build a fourth Icon class ship and a seventh Oasis class ship for delivery 2027 and 2028, respectively. Both agreements are contingent upon completion of certain conditions precedent including financing. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate cost of our ships on order presented in the table above, not including any ships on order by our Partner Brands, was approximately billion, of which we had deposited million as of such date. Refer to Note 11 . Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments for further information. 
 Litigation 
 As previously reported, a lawsuit was filed against us in August 2019 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida (the "Court") under Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act, also known as the Helms-Burton Act. The complaint filed by Havana Docks Corporation ("Havana Docks Action") alleges it holds an interest in the Havana Cruise Port Terminal that was expropriated by the Cuban government. The complaint further alleges that we trafficked in the terminal by embarking and disembarking passengers at these facilities. The plaintiff seeks all available statutory remedies, including the value of the expropriated property, plus interest, treble damages, attorneys fees and costs. 
 The Court entered final judgment in December 2022 in favor of the plaintiff and awarded damages and attorneys' fees to the plaintiff in the aggregate amount of approximately million. We appealed the judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit. On October 22, 2024, the 11th Circuit issued an opinion that overturned the lower court s judgment. The plaintiff has the right to petition for a rehearing by the full 11th Circuit or to appeal to the United States Supreme Court. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a charge of approximately million to Other expense within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) related to the Havana Docks Action, including post-judgment interest and related legal defense costs and bonding fees. 
 In addition, we are routinely involved in claims typical within the cruise vacation industry. The majority of these claims are covered by insurance. We believe the outcome of such claims, net of expected insurance recoveries, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations and cash flows. 
 Other 
 Some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. These contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. The indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. There are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. We have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification in any material amount is probable. 
 If any person acquires ownership of more than of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any -month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. Our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that 
 19 

of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. If this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations. 
 In September 2024, we entered into agreements to acquire the Port of Costa Maya and adjacent land in Mahahual, Mexico for approximately million. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. 

per share, which was paid on October 11, 2024. We did declare any dividends during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We were previously restricted under our export credit facilities from paying dividends. During the second quarter of 2024, we repaid the principal amounts deferred under our export credit facilities, which eliminated the restriction on dividends and share repurchases. Refer to Note 6 . Debt for further information on the transaction. 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Interest expense, net of interest capitalized Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expenses Foreign currency forward contracts ) Other (expense) income Fuel swaps Fuel 
 20 

Total Assets Liabilities: Long-term debt (including current portion of debt) (5) 
 Total Liabilities 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued interest and accrued expenses approximate fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Total Assets Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments (4) 
 Total Liabilities 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 
 The reported fair values are based on a variety of factors and assumptions. Accordingly, the fair values may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023, or that will be realized in the future, and do not include expenses that could be incurred in an actual sale or settlement. 
 Nonfinancial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Nonfinancial instruments include items such as goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets, right-of-use assets and equity method investments that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when events and circumstances indicate the carrying value is not recoverable. There were no material nonfinancial instruments recorded at fair value as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 Master Netting Agreements 
 We have master International Swaps and Derivatives Association ISDA agreements in place with our derivative instrument counterparties. These ISDA agreements generally provide for final close out netting with our counterparties for all positions in the case of default or termination of the ISDA agreement. We have determined that our ISDA agreements provide us with rights of setoff on the fair value of derivative instruments in a gain position and those in a loss position with the same counterparty. We have elected not to offset such derivative instrument fair values in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 See Credit Related Contingent Features for further discussion on contingent collateral requirements for our derivative instruments. 

) ) Total ) ) Gross Amount of Derivative Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amount of Eligible Offsetting Recognized Derivative Assets Cash Collateral Pledged Net Amount of Derivative Liabilities Gross Amount of Derivative Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amount of Eligible Offsetting Recognized Derivative Assets Cash Collateral Pledged Net Amount of Derivative Liabilities Derivatives subject to master netting agreements ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 We monitor our credit risk associated with financial and other institutions with which we conduct significant business, and to minimize these risks, we select counterparties with credit risks acceptable to us and we seek to limit our exposure to an individual counterparty. Credit risk, including, but not limited to, counterparty nonperformance under derivative instruments, our credit facilities and new ship progress payment guarantees, is not considered significant, as we primarily conduct business with large, well-established financial institutions, insurance companies and export credit agencies many of which we have long-term relationships with and which have credit risks acceptable to us or where the credit risk is spread out among a large number of counterparties. As of September 30, 2024, we had counterparty credit risk exposure under our derivative instruments of million, which was limited to the cost of replacing the contracts in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to the contracts, the majority of which are currently our lending banks. We do not anticipate nonperformance by any of our significant counterparties. In addition, we have established guidelines we follow regarding credit ratings and instrument maturities to maintain safety and liquidity. We do not normally require collateral or other security to support credit relationships; however, in certain circumstances this option is available to us. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 We are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. We try to mitigate these risks through a combination of our normal operating and financing activities and through the use of derivative financial instruments pursuant to our hedging practices and policies. The financial impact of these hedging instruments is primarily offset by corresponding changes in the underlying exposures being hedged. We achieve this by closely matching the notional amount, term and conditions of the derivative instrument with the underlying risk being hedged. Although certain of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, our objective is not to hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. 
 We enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. These instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. We also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. 
 At inception of the hedge relationship, a derivative instrument that hedges the exposure to changes in the fair value of a firm commitment or a recognized asset or liability is designated as a fair value hedge. A derivative instrument that hedges a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows related to a recognized asset or liability is designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as fair value hedges are offset against changes in the fair value of the underlying hedged assets, liabilities or firm commitments. Gains and losses on derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the underlying hedged transactions are recognized in earnings. The foreign currency transaction gain or loss of our non-derivative financial instruments and the changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as hedges of our net investment in foreign operations and investments are recognized as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss along with the associated foreign currency translation adjustment of the foreign operation or investment. In certain hedges of our net investment in foreign operations and investments, we exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and we amortize the related amounts directly into earnings. 
 On an ongoing basis, we assess whether derivatives used in hedging transactions are "highly effective" in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flow of hedged items. For our net investment hedges, we use the dollar offset method to measure effectiveness. For all other hedging programs, we use the long-haul method to assess hedge effectiveness using regression analysis for each hedge relationship. The methodology for assessing hedge effectiveness is applied on a consistent basis for each one of our hedging programs (i.e., interest rate, foreign currency ship construction, foreign currency net investment and fuel). For our regression analyses, we use an observation period of up to , utilizing market data relevant to the hedge horizon of each hedge relationship. High effectiveness is achieved when a statistically valid relationship reflects a high degree of offset and correlation between the changes in the fair values of the derivative instrument and the hedged item. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or hedge accounting is discontinued, any change in fair value of the derivative since the last date at which it was determined to be highly effective is recognized in earnings. 
 Cash flows from derivative instruments that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged items. In the event that hedge accounting is discontinued, cash flows subsequent to the date of discontinuance are classified within investing activities. Cash flows from derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments are classified as investing activities. 
 We consider the classification of the underlying hedged item s cash flows in determining the classification for the designated derivative instrument s cash flows. We classify derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of benchmark interest rate or hedges of fuel expense as operating activities due to the nature of the hedged item. Likewise, we classify derivative instrument cash flows from hedges of foreign currency risk on our newbuild ship payments as investing activities. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates primarily relates to our debt obligations, including future interest payments. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately and , respectively, of our debt was effectively fixed-rate debt, which is net of our interest rate swap agreements. We use interest rate swap agreements to modify our exposure to interest rate movements and to manage our interest expense. 
 We use interest rate swap agreements that effectively convert a portion of our floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate basis to manage the market risk of increasing interest rates. 
 October 2024 Term SOFR plus Quantum of the Seas term loan 
 October 2026 Term SOFR plus Anthem of the Seas term loan 
 April 2027 Term SOFR plus Ovation of the Seas term loan 
 April 2028 Term SOFR plus Harmony of the Seas term loan (1) 
 May 2028 EURIBOR plus Odyssey of the Seas term loan (2) 
 October 2032 Term SOFR plus Odyssey of the Seas term loan (2) 
 October 2032 Term SOFR plus 
 (1) 
 
 These interest rate swap agreements are accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
 The notional amount of interest rate swap agreements related to outstanding debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was billion and billion, respectively. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Our primary exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk relates to our ship construction contracts denominated in Euros, our foreign currency denominated debt, and our international business operations. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to manage portions of the exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate cost of our ships on order was billion, of which we had deposited million as of such date. These amounts do not include any ships placed on order that are contingent upon completion of conditions precedent and/or financing and any ships on order by our Partner Brands. Refer to Note 8 . Commitments and Contingencies , for further information on our ships on order. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately and , respectively, of the aggregate cost of the ships under construction was exposed to fluctuations in the Euro exchange rate. Our foreign currency forward contract agreements are accounted for as cash flow or net investment hedges depending on the designation of the related hedge. 
 On a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts and, from time to time, we utilize cross-currency swap agreements and collar options to minimize the volatility resulting from the remeasurement of net monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than our functional currency or the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. During the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 the average notional amount of foreign currency forward contracts was approximately million and billion, respectively. These instruments are not designated as hedging instruments. For the quarters and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, changes in the fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts, and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies resulted in immaterial gain (losses). These amounts were recognized in earnings within Other expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 The notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange contracts, excluding the forward contracts entered into to minimize remeasurement volatility, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was billion and billion, respectively. 
 Non-Derivative Instruments 
 We consider our investments in our foreign operations to be denominated in relatively stable currencies and to be of a long-term nature. We address the exposure of our investments in foreign operations by denominating a portion of our debt in our subsidiaries and investments functional currencies and designating it as a hedge of these subsidiaries and investments. We had designated debt as a hedge of our net investments primarily in TUI Cruises of million, or approximately million, as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, we had designated debt as a hedge of our net investments primarily in TUI Cruises of million, or approximately million. 
 Fuel Price Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in fuel prices relates primarily to the consumption of fuel on our ships. We use fuel swap agreements to mitigate the financial impact of fluctuations in fuel prices. 
 Our fuel swap agreements are generally accounted for as cash flow hedges. In the case that our hedged forecasted fuel consumption is not probable of occurring, hedge accounting will be discontinued and the related accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss will be reclassified to Other income (expense) immediately. For hedged forecasted fuel consumption that remains possible of occurring, hedge accounting will be discontinued and the related accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss will remain in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss until the underlying hedged transactions are recognized in earnings or the related hedged forecasted fuel consumption is deemed probable of not occurring. 
 Changes in the fair value of fuel swaps for which cash flow hedge accounting was discontinued are currently recognized in Other expense for each reporting period through the maturity dates of the fuel swaps. For the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we did not discontinue cash flow hedge accounting on any of our fuel swap agreements. 
 At September 30, 2024, we have hedged the variability in future cash flows for certain forecasted fuel transactions occurring through 2027. 
 2025 2026 2027 
 Fuel Swap Agreements As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Designated hedges as a of projected fuel purchases: hedged) 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of estimated unrealized net loss associated with our cash flow hedges pertaining to fuel swap agreements that is expected to be reclassified to earnings from Accumulated other comprehensive loss within the next twelve months when compared to million of estimated unrealized net loss at December 31, 2023. Reclassification is expected to occur as the result of fuel consumption associated with our hedged forecasted fuel purchases. 
 Derivative financial instruments Interest rate swaps Other assets Other long-term liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Other assets Other long-term liabilities Fuel swaps Derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments Fuel swaps Other assets Other long-term liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments under 815-20 
 (1) 
 Foreign currency debt Long-term debt Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) ) Fuel swaps ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) Fuel swaps Other income (expense) ) ) ) 
 
 Credit Related Contingent Features 
 Our current interest rate derivative instruments require us to post collateral if our Standard Poor s and Moody s credit ratings fall below specified levels. Specifically, under most of our agreements, if on the fifth anniversary of executing a derivative instrument, or on any succeeding fifth-year anniversary, our credit ratings for our senior unsecured debt is rated below BBB- by Standard Poor s and Baa3 
 by Moody s, then the counterparty will periodically have the right to demand that we post collateral in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the net market value of all derivative transactions with such counterparty that have reached their fifth year anniversary, to the extent negative, and (ii) the applicable minimum call amount. 
 The amount of collateral required to be posted will change as, and to the extent, our net liability position increases or decreases by more than the applicable minimum call amount. If our credit rating for our senior unsecured debt is subsequently equal to or above BBB- by Standard Poor s or Baa3 by Moody s, then any collateral posted at such time will be released to us and we will no longer be required to post collateral unless we meet the collateral trigger requirement, generally, at the next fifth-year anniversary. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our senior unsecured debt credit rating was BB+ by Standard Poor's and Ba2 by Moody's. As of September 30, 2024, of our ship debt interest rate derivative hedges had reached their fifth-year anniversary; however, the net market value for these derivative hedges were in a net asset position, and accordingly, we were not required to post any collateral as of such date. 
 21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 The discussion under this caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking. Words such as "anticipate," "believe," "considering," "could," "driving," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," "would," and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. Furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A therein. 
 All forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this filing. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following: 
 a review of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business; 
 a discussion of our results of operations for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023; and 
 a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and material cash requirements and potential funding sources. 
 22 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. Demand has historically been strongest for cruises during the Northern Hemisphere s summer months and holidays. In order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the Northern Hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the Southern Hemisphere, our brands have historically focused on deployment to the Caribbean, Asia and Australia during that period. 
 
 Financial Presentation 
 Description of Certain Line Items 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues are comprised of the following: 
 Passenger ticket revenues , which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air transportation to and from our ships; and 
 Onboard and other revenues , which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, casino operations, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. Onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third-party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates. 
 Cruise Operating Expenses 
 Our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following: 
 Commissions, transportation and other expenses , which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel advisor commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees; 
 Onboard and other expenses , which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees, as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires, and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates; 
 Payroll and related expenses , which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in Marketing, selling and administrative expenses ); 
 Food expenses , which include food costs for both guests and crew; 
 Fuel expenses , which include fuel and related delivery, storage and emission consumable costs and the financial impact of fuel swap agreements; and 
 Other operating expenses , which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any. 
 We do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience. 

23 

Selected Operational and Financial Metrics 
 We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. As discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures are provided along with the related GAAP financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. The presentation of non-GAAP financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure that represents EBITDA (as defined below) excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful whe n assessing our profitability on a comparative basis. For the periods presented , these items included (i) other expense (income); (ii) gain on sale of controlling interest; (iii) equity investment impairment and recovery losses; (iv) restructuring charges and other initiative expenses, and (v) impa irment and credit losses (recoveries). A reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. to Adjusted EBITDA is provided below under Results of Operations. 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share ("Adjusted EPS") is a non-GAAP measure that represents Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (as defined below) divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. We believe that this non-GAAP measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. 
 Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is a non-GAAP measure that represents Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. For the periods presented, these items included (i) loss on extinguishment of debt and inducement expense; (ii) the amortization of the Silversea Cruises intangible assets resulting from the Silversea Cruises acquisition; (iii) gain on sale of controlling interest; (iv) tax on the sale of PortMiami noncontrolling interest; (v) Silver Whisper deferred tax liability release; (vi) restructuring charges and other initiative expenses; (vii) equity investment impairment and recovery losses ; and (viii) impairment and credit losses (recoveries). A reconciliation of Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. to Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is provided below under Results of Operations. 
 Available Passenger Cruise Days APCD is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and cabins not available for sale. We use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary. 
 EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure that represents Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. excluding (i) interest income; (ii) interest expense, net of interest capitalized; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; and (iv) income tax expense. We believe that this non-GAAP measure is meaningful when assessing our operating performance on a comparative basis. A reconciliation of Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. t o EBITDA is provided below under Results of Operations. 
 Gross Cruise Costs represent the sum of total cruise operating expenses plus marketing, selling and administrative expenses. 
 Net Cruise Costs and Net C ruise Costs Excluding Fuel are non-GAAP measures that represent Gross Cruise Costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses, and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the Description of Certain Line Items heading). In measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. A reconciliation of Gross Cruise Costs to Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel is provided below under Results of Operations. For the periods presented, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel excludes (i) the gain on sale of controlling interest; (ii) impairment and credit losses (recoveries); and (iii) restructuring and other initiative expenses . 
 Gross Margin Yield represent Gross Margin per APCD. 
 Adjusted Gross Margin represent Gross Margin, adjusted for payroll and related, food, fuel, other operating expenses, and depreciation and amortization. Gross Margin is calculated pursuant to GAAP as total revenues less total cruise operating expenses, and depreciation and amortization. 
 Net Yields represent Adjusted Gross Margin per APCD. We utilize Adjusted Gross Margin and Net Yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that they are the most relevant measures of our pricing performance because they 
 24 

reflect the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses, and onboard and other expenses. 
 Occupancy ("Load Factor") , in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing Passenger Cruise Days (as defined below) by APCD. A percentage in excess of 100 indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins. 
 Passenger Cruise Days represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises. 
 The use of certain significant non-GAAP measures, such as Net Yields, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard GAAP based financial measures. There are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-GAAP measures, and as such, they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Summary 
 Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. for the third quarter of 2024 was 1.1 billion and 1.4 billion, compared to Net Income and Adjusted Net Income of 1.0 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively, for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.3 billion and 2.8 billion, compared to Net Income and Adjusted Net Income of 1.4 billion and 1.5 billion, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Significant items for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include: 
 Total revenues, increased 726 million and 2.2 billion for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in capacity, ticket prices and onboard spending in 2024, compared to same periods in 2023. 
 Total cruise operating expenses, increased 254 million and 715 million for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in capacity in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 In March 2024, we issued 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.25 senior notes due 2032. Upon closing, we redeemed all of the outstanding 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 11.63 Senior Notes Due 2027. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we repaid 839 million of outstanding deferred amounts under our export credit facilities. 
 In May 2024, we took delivery of Silver Ray . Refer to Note 6 . Debt to our consolidated financial statements for further information on the financing of the ship 
 In June 2024, we took delivery of Utopia of the Seas . Refer to Note 6 . Debt to our consolidated financial statements for further information on the financing of the ship. 
 In June 2024, TUI Cruises, our 50 joint venture, took delivery of Mein Schiff 7 . 
 In August 2024, we issued 2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.00 senior notes due 2033. Upon closing, we redeemed all of the outstanding 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 9.25 Senior Notes Due 2029, and all of the outstanding 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.25 Senior Secured Notes Due 2029. 
 In August 2024, we completed privately negotiated exchange with certain holders of 6.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 to exchange approximately 827 million in aggregate principal amount for approximately 11.4 million shares of common stock and 827 million in cash. 
 In September 2024, we issued 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.63 senior unsecured notes due 2031. Upon closing, we redeemed of the outstanding 700 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes Due 2030. 
 25 

In September 2024, we submitted an irrevocable notice to execute the bargain purchase option on the S ilver Dawn finance lease for approximately 232 million. 
 In September 2024, we entered into agreements to acquire the Port of Costa Maya and adjacent land in Mahahual, Mexico for approximately 292 million. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. 
 For further information regarding the debt transactions discussed above, refer to Note 6 . Debt, Note 7 . Leases , and Note 8 . Commitments and Contingencies, respectively, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Operating results for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 are shown in the following tables (in millions, except per share data): 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 of Total Revenues of Total Revenues Passenger ticket revenues 3,471 71.0 2,941 70.7 Onboard and other revenues 1,415 29.0 1,219 29.3 Total revenues 4,886 100.0 4,160 100.0 Cruise operating expenses: Commissions, transportation and other 688 14.1 632 15.2 Onboard and other 289 5.9 261 6.3 Payroll and related 328 6.7 294 7.1 Food 251 5.1 212 5.1 Fuel 290 5.9 272 6.5 Other operating 545 11.2 466 11.2 Total cruise operating expenses 2,391 48.9 2,137 51.4 Marketing, selling and administrative expenses 451 9.2 393 9.4 Depreciation and amortization expenses 410 8.4 365 8.8 Operating Income 1,634 33.4 1,265 30.4 Other income (expense): Interest income 4 0.1 7 0.2 Interest expense, net of interest capitalized (603) (12.3) (340) (8.2) Equity investment income 106 2.2 87 2.1 Other expense (26) (0.5) (8) (0.2) (519) (10.6) (254) (6.1) Net Income 1,115 22.8 1,011 24.3 Less: Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 4 0.1 2 Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 1,111 22.7 1,009 24.3 Diluted Earnings per Share 4.21 3.65 

26 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 of Total Revenues of Total Revenues Passenger ticket revenues 8,900 69.9 7,282 68.9 Onboard and other revenues 3,824 30.1 3,287 31.1 Total revenues 12,724 100.0 10,569 100.0 Cruise operating expenses: Commissions, transportation and other 1,758 13.8 1,551 14.7 Onboard and other 726 5.7 640 6.1 Payroll and related 959 7.5 888 8.4 Food 697 5.5 614 5.8 Fuel 876 6.9 850 8.0 Other operating 1,584 12.4 1,342 12.7 Total cruise operating expenses 6,600 51.9 5,885 55.7 Marketing, selling and administrative expenses 1,452 11.4 1,289 12.2 Depreciation and amortization expenses 1,190 9.4 1,087 10.3 Operating Income 3,482 27.4 2,308 21.8 Other income (expense): Interest income 13 0.1 32 0.3 Interest expense, net of interest capitalized (1,324) (10.4) (1,055) (10.0) Equity investment income 203 1.6 149 1.4 Other expense (37) (0.3) (9) (0.1) (1,145) (9.0) (883) (8.4) Net Income 2,337 18.4 1,425 13.5 Less: Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 12 0.1 5 Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 2,325 18.3 1,420 13.4 Diluted Earnings per Share 8.91 5.24 

27 

Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd, were calculated as follows (in millions, except per share data): 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 1,111 1,009 2,325 1,420 Loss on extinguishment of debt and inducement expense (1) 323 38 456 81 Amortization of Silversea Cruises intangible assets resulting from the Silversea Cruises acquisition (2) 2 2 5 5 Gain on sale of controlling interest (3) (3) PortMiami tax on sale of noncontrolling interest (4) (3) (3) 10 Silver Whisper deferred tax liability release (5) (26) Restructuring charges and other initiative expenses 2 5 5 Equity investments impairment and recovery of losses 17 12 Impairment and credit losses (recoveries) (6) 6 (7) Adjusted Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 1,435 1,066 2,794 1,497 Basic: Earnings per Share 4.22 3.94 8.98 5.55 Adjusted Earnings per Share 5.46 4.16 10.79 5.86 Diluted: Earnings per Share (7) 4.21 3.65 8.91 5.24 Adjusted Earnings per Share (8) (9) 5.20 3.85 10.16 5.52 Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding: Basic 263 256 259 256 Diluted 264 282 280 284 
 (1) For 2024, includes 119 million of inducement expense related to the partial settlement of our 6.00 convertible notes due 2025. Refer to Note 6 . Debt to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 (2) Represents the amortization of the Silversea Cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 Silversea Cruises acquisition. 
 (3) For 2023, represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in Italy. These amounts are included in Other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (4) For 2024, represents adjustments to tax impacts on the 2023 PortMiami sale of noncontrolling interest. For 2023, represents tax on the PortMiami sale of noncontrolling interest. These amounts are included in Other expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (5) For 2023, represents the release of the deferred tax liability subsequent to the execution of the bargain purchase option for the Silver Whisper . These amounts are included in Other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (6) For 2024, represents property and equipment impairment charges related to certain construction in progress assets which we determined would no longer be completed. For 2023, represents asset impairments and credit losses recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. These amounts are included in Other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (7) Diluted EPS includes the add-back of dilutive inducement and interest expense related to our convertible notes of 169 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 20 million and 68 million for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024 the impact of our convertible notes was anti-dilutive. Refer to Note 4 . Earnings Per Share to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 28 

(8) Adjusted Diluted EPS includes the add-back of dilutive interest expense related to our convertible notes of 13 million and 51 million, and 20 million and 68 million for the quarter nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (9) Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding - Diluted - for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, includes the add-back of 14.7 million shares that are anti-dilutive for diluted EPS purposes, but included for adjusted diluted EPS. 

Selected statistical information is shown in the following table: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Passengers Carried 2,310,220 1,999,764 6,404,844 5,706,843 Passenger Cruise Days 14,785,828 13,172,002 41,165,985 36,944,034 APCD 13,316,981 12,011,593 37,836,007 34,953,919 Occupancy 111.0 109.7 108.8 105.7 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA were calculated as follows (in millions): 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income attributable to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 1,111 1,009 2,325 1,420 Interest income (4) (7) (13) (32) Interest expense, net of interest capitalized 603 340 1,324 1,055 Depreciation and amortization expenses 410 365 1,190 1,087 Income tax expense (1) 23 7 46 6 EBITDA 2,143 1,714 4,872 3,536 Other expense (income) (2) 3 1 (9) 3 Gain on sale of controlling interest (3) (3) Equity investment impairment and recovery losses 13 8 Restructuring charges and other initiative expenses 2 5 5 Impairment and credit losses (recoveries) (4) 6 (7) Adjusted EBITDA 2,148 1,728 4,874 3,542 
 (1) These amounts are included in Other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (2) Represents net non-operating expense. The amount excludes income tax expense, included in the EBITDA calculation above. 
 (3) For 2023, represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in Italy. These amounts are included in Other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (4) For 2024, represents property and equipment impairment charges related to certain construction in progress assets. For 2023, represents asset impairments and credit losses recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. These amounts are included in Other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 29 

Gross Margin Yields and Net Yields were calculated by dividing Gross Margin and Adjusted Gross Margin by APCD as follows (in millions, except APCD and Yields): 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenue 4,886 4,160 12,724 10,569 Less: Cruise operating expenses 2,391 2,137 6,600 5,885 Depreciation and amortization expenses 410 365 1,190 1,087 Gross Margin 2,085 1,658 4,934 3,597 Add: Payroll and related 328 294 959 888 Food 251 212 697 614 Fuel 290 272 876 850 Other operating 545 466 1,584 1,342 Depreciation and amortization expenses 410 365 1,190 1,087 Adjusted Gross Margin 3,909 3,267 10,240 8,378 APCD 13,316,981 12,011,593 37,836,007 34,953,919 Gross Margin Yields 156.52 138.04 130.39 102.91 Net Yields 293.46 272.00 270.63 239.67 

30 

Gross Cruise Costs, Net Cruise Costs and Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel were calculated as follows (in millions, except APCD and costs per APCD): 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total cruise operating expenses 2,391 2,137 6,600 5,885 Marketing, selling and administrative expenses 451 393 1,452 1,289 Gross Cruise Costs 2,842 2,530 8,052 7,174 Less: Commissions, transportation and other 688 632 1,758 1,551 Onboard and other 289 261 726 640 Net Cruise Costs Including Other Costs 1,865 1,637 5,568 4,983 Less: Gain on sale of controlling interest (1) (3) Impairment and credit loss (recoveries) (2) 6 (7) Restructuring charges and other initiative expenses (3) 2 5 5 Net Cruise Costs 1,863 1,637 5,557 4,988 Less: Fuel 290 272 876 850 Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel 1,573 1,365 4,681 4,138 APCD 13,316,981 12,011,593 37,836,007 34,953,919 Gross Cruise Costs per APCD 213.42 210.62 212.82 205.22 Net Cruise Costs per APCD 139.87 136.25 146.88 142.67 Net Cruise Costs Excluding Fuel per APCD 118.12 113.57 123.73 118.36 
 (1) Represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in Italy. These amounts are included in Other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (2) For 2024, represents property and equipment impairment charges related to certain construction in progress assets. For 2023, represents asset impairments and credit losses recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. These amounts are included in Other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (3) These amounts are included in Marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

31 

Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Revenues 
 Total revenues for 2024 increased 726 million to 4.9 billion from 4.2 billion in 2023. 
 Passenger ticket revenues comprised 71 of our 2024 total revenues. Passenger ticket revenues for 2024 increased by 530 million, or 18.0 to 3.5 billion from 2.9 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to: 
 a 320 million driven by an increase in capacity of 10.9 due to the additions of Utopia of the Seas, Icon of the Seas, Celebrity Ascent, and Silver Ray compared to the addition of Silver Nova during the same period in 2023; and 
 a 210 million increase driven by higher load factors and ticket prices on a per passenger basis on existing ships as well as the benefit of new ships, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 The remaining 29 of 2024 total revenues was comprised of Onboard and other revenues , which increased 196 million, or 16.1 to 1.4 billion in 2024 from 1.2 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to: 
 132 million driven by increased capacity noted above due to the addition of new ships; and 
 63 million primarily driven by improved pricing and an increase in load factors in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Cruise Operating Expenses 
 Total Cruise operating expenses for 2024 increased 254 million to 2.4 billion from 2.1 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the 10.9 increase in capacity noted above which increased cruise operating expenses by 232 million in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Marketing, Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 Marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2024 increased 58 million, or 14.8 , to 451 million from 393 million in 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll and benefits expense driven by an increase in headcount and higher stock price related to our performance share awards in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, and higher spending on advertisement and media promotions. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest expense, net of interest capitalized for 2024 increased 263 million, to 603 million from 340 million in 2023. The increase was primarily due to loss on extinguishment of debt of 204 million associated with the full redemption of our 9.25 , 8.25 , and 7.25 Senior Notes, and 119 million inducement expense on the partial settlement of our 2025 Convertible notes in 2024 compared to loss on extinguishment of debt of 38 million during the same period in 2023. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 42 million lower interest expense in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, resulting from the 2024 refinancings. 
 Other Comprehensive (loss) income 
 Other comprehensive loss was (99) million in 2024 compared to Other comprehensive income of 36 million for the same period in 2023 . The decrease of (135) million was primarily due to a Loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2024 of 95 million compared to a Gain on cash flow derivative hedges in 2023 of 20 million, mostly as a result of a significant decrease in the fair value of our fuel swaps in 2024 compared to 2023 . 
 32 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 In this section, references to 2024 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and references to 2023 refer to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Revenues 
 Total revenues for 2024 increased 2.2 billion to 12.7 billion from 10.6 billion in 2023. 
 Passenger ticket revenues comprised 70 of our 2024 total revenues. Passenger ticket revenues for 2024 increased by 1.6 billion, or 22 to 8.9 billion from 7.3 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to: 
 an increase of 1 billion driven by increases in ticket prices on a per passenger basis on existing ships as well as the benefit of new ships, compared to the same period in 2023; and 
 an 8.2 increase in capacity, which increased Passenger ticket revenues by 600 million, primarily due to the additions of Utopia of the Seas, Icon of the Seas, Celebrity Ascent, and Silver Ray compared to the addition of Silver Nova during the same period in 2023. 
 The remaining 30 of 2024 total revenues was comprised of Onboard and other revenues , which increased 537 million, or 16.3 to 3.8 billion in 2024 from 3.3 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to: 
 a 271 million increase driven by an 8.2 increase in capacity due to the additions of new ships noted above in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023; and 
 a 186 million increase driven by improved pricing and an increase in load factors of 3.1 in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Cruise Operating Expenses 
 Total Cruise operating expenses for 2024 increased 715 million to 6.6 billion from 5.9 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to: 
 the 8.2 increase in capacity noted above increased cruise operating expenses by 485 million; and 
 an increase of 190 million driven by various factors including an increase in higher drydock and maintenance related expenses; and commissions due to the increases in ticket prices noted above in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Marketing, Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 Marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2024 increased 163 million, or 13 , to 1.5 billion from 1.3 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll and benefits expense driven by an increase in headcount and higher stock price related to our performance share awards in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, and higher spending on advertisement and media promotions. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest expense, net of interest capitalized for 2024 increased 269 million, to 1.3 billion from 1.1 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to loss on extinguishment of debt of 337 million associated with the full redemption of our 11.63 , 9.25 , 8.25 , and 7.25 Senior Notes, and 119 million inducement expense on the partial settlement of our 2025 Convertible notes in 2024 compared to loss on extinguishment of debt of 81 million during the same period in 2023. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 147 million lower interest expense in 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, resulting from the 2024 refinancings. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for 2024 increased 103 million, or 9.5 , to 1.2 billion from 1.1 billion in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the additions of Utopia of the Seas, Icon of the Seas, Celebrity Ascent, and Silver Ray compared to the addition of Silver Nova during the same period in 2023. 
 33 

Other Comprehensive (loss) income 
 Other comprehensive loss was (79) million in 2024 compared to Other comprehensive loss of (1) million for the same period in 2023 . The increase of (78) million , was primarily due to a Loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2024 of (82) million compared to a Loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2023 of (7) million , mostly as a result of a significant decrease in fair value of our fuel swaps in 2024 compared to 2023 . 
 34 

Future Application of Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Note 2 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Net cash provided by operating activities was 3.8 billion and 3.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Cash flows from operating activities increased 0.4 billion primarily driven by an increase in operating income. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2.8 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.3 billion for the same period in 2023. Cash flows used in investing activities were primarily attributable by an increase in capital expenditures of 1.4 billion during 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 due to the delivery of Utopia of the Seas and Silver Ray in 2024, compared to the delivery of Silver Nova during the same period in 2023. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 1.1 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.3 billion for the same period in 2023. The change of 2.3 billion was primarily attributable to repayments of debt of 10.0 billion, offset by debt proceeds of 9.4 billion in 2024 compared to repayments of debt of 5.3 billion, offset by debt proceeds of 1.8 billion in 2023. Additionally, during 2023, we received proceeds of 209 million for the sale of noncontrolling interest of PortMiami, which did not recur in 2024. 
 
 Future Capital Commitments 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. As of September 30, 2024, the dates that the ships on order by our Global and Partner Brands are expected to be delivered, subject to change in the event of construction delays, and their approximate berths are as follows: 
 Ship Shipyard Expected delivery Approximate Berths Royal Caribbean International Icon-class: Star of the Seas Meyer Turku Oy 3rd Quarter 2025 5,600 Unnamed Meyer Turku Oy 2nd Quarter 2026 5,600 Celebrity Cruises Edge-class: Celebrity Xcel Chantiers de l'Atlantique 4th Quarter 2025 3,250 TUI Cruises (50 joint venture) Mein Schiff Relax Fincantieri 1st Quarter 2025 4,100 Unnamed Fincantieri 2nd Quarter 2026 4,100 Total Berths 22,650 
 In addition, during 2024, we entered into an agreement with Meyer Turku Oy and Chantiers de l' Atlantique to build a fourth Icon class ship and a seventh Oasis class ship for delivery 2027 and 2028, respectively. Both agreements are contingent upon completion of certain conditions precedent including financing. 
 Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate expected cost of our ships on order presented in the table above, excluding any ships on order by our Partner Brands, was 5.9 billion, of which we had deposited 619 million. Approximately 39.6 of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the Euro exchange rate at September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies and Note 11 . Fair Value Measurements and Derivative Instruments to our consolidated financial statement . 
 As of September 30, 2024, we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately 3.4 billion for 2024. This amount does not include any ships on order by our Partner Brands. 
 
 35 

Material Cash Requirements 
 As of September 30, 2024, our material cash requirements were as follows (in millions): 
 Remainder of 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Operating Activities: Interest on debt(1) 199 959 895 757 581 2,109 5,500 Other(2) 38 157 168 153 127 881 1,524 Investing Activities: Ship purchase obligations(3) 172 2,572 1,669 4,413 Total 409 3,688 2,732 910 708 2,990 11,437 
 (1) Long-term debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2037 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. Interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, using the applicable rate at September 30, 2024. Debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts. 
 (3) Amounts are based on contractual installment and delivery dates for our ships on order. Included in these figures are 3.7 billion in final contractual installments, which have committed financing with sovereign guarantees covering approximately 80 of the cost of the ships on order for our Global Brands. Amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent. 
 Refer to Note 6 . Debt for maturities related to debt. 
 Refer to Note 7 . Leases for maturities related to lease liabilities. 
 Refer to Funding Needs and Sources for discussion on the planned funding of the above material cash requirements. 
 As a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. If any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Refer to Note 5 . Investments and Other Assets for ownership restrictions related to TUI Cruises. 
 Refer to Note 3 . Revenue for credit card processor agreements for export credit agency guarantees. 
 Refer to Note 8 . Commitments and Contingencies for other agreements. 
 As of September 30, 2024, other than the items referenced above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position. 

Funding Needs and Sources 
 We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. As of September 30, 2024, we had 4.1 billion of committed financing for our ships on order. As of September 30, 2024, our obligations due through September 30, 2025 primarily consisted of 1.6 billion related to debt maturities, 1.0 billion related to interest on debt and 1.9 billion related to progress payments on our ship orders and, based on the expected delivery date, the final installment payable due upon the delivery. W e 
 36 

have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had liquidity of 3.9 billion, including cash and cash equivalents of 0.4 billion, and 3.5 billion of undrawn revolving credit facility capacity. 
 If any person acquires ownership of more than 50 of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. Our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50 of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. If this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations. 
 Based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. However, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities, and certain of our credit card processing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, limit our net debt-to-capital ratio, and to maintain minimum liquidity. In July 2024, we amended all of our export credit facilities to eliminate the contractual requirement for us to maintain a minimum level of stockholders' equity. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with our financial covenants and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months. 
 Dividends 
 The declaration of dividends shall at all times be subject to the final determination of our board of directors that a dividend is prudent at that time in consideration of the needs of the business. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on our common stock of 0.40 per share, which was paid on October 11, 2024. 
 
 37 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 For a discussion of our market risks, refer to Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. T here have been no material changes to our exposure to market risks since the date of our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon such evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that those controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 
 38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 As previously reported, a lawsuit was filed against us in August 2019 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida (the "Court") under Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act, also known as the Helms-Burton Act. The complaint filed by Havana Docks Corporation ("Havana Docks Action") alleges it holds an interest in the Havana Cruise Port Terminal that was expropriated by the Cuban government. The complaint further alleges that we trafficked in the terminal by embarking and disembarking passengers at these facilities. The plaintiff seeks all available statutory remedies, including the value of the expropriated property, plus interest, treble damages, attorneys fees and costs. 
 The Court entered final judgment in December 2022 in favor of the plaintiff and awarded damages and attorneys' fees to the plaintiff in the aggregate amount of approximately 112 million. We appealed the judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit. On October 22, 2024, the 11th Circuit issued an opinion that overturned the lower court s judgment. The plaintiff has the right to petition for a rehearing by the full 11th Circuit or to appeal to the United States Supreme Court. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a charge of approximately 130 million to Other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) related to the Havana Docks Action, including post-judgment interest and related legal defense costs and bonding fees. 
 In addition, we are routinely involved in claims typical within the cruise vacation industry. The majority of these claims are covered by insurance. We believe the outcome of such claims, net of expected insurance recoveries, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations and cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. See the discussions of the Company s risk factors under Part I, Item 1A in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 39 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Share Repurchases 
 There were no repurchases of common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Plan Elections 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

40 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2024, between Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (incorporated by re ference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2024) 
 4.2 Form of 6.000 Senior Notes due 2033 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2024) 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2024, between Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2024) 
 4.4 Form of 5.625 Senior Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4. 2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2024) 
 10.1 F orm of Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2024 ). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 Interactive Data File 
 101 The following financial statements of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. for the period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline extensible Reporting Language) are filed herewith: 
 (i) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; 
 (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; 
 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and 
 (iv) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in summary and detail. 
 104 Cover page interactive data file (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD. (Registrant) /s/ NAFTALI HOLTZ Naftali Holtz Chief Financial Officer October 29, 2024 (Principal Financial Officer and duly authorized signatory) 
 
 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q3exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Jason T. Liberty, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s Jason T. Liberty Jason T. Liberty President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q3exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Naftali Holtz, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s Naftali Holtz Naftali Holtz Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024q3exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Jason T. Liberty, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Naftali Holtz, Chief Financial Officer, each hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By s Jason T. Liberty Jason T. Liberty President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By s Naftali Holtz Naftali Holtz Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rcl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rcl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rcl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rcl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rcl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

