<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1123852_0001123852-24-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9975530</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71784</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1416445</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4179596</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2186389</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1884716</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001123852-24-000014.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031151105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001123852-24-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHERN STATES POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001123852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				411967505
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31387
		FILM NUMBER:		241414850

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123305500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001123852-24-000014.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 nspm-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nspm-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended Sept. 30, 2024 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 Northern States Power Company (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 31, 2024 Common Stock, 0.01 par value shares 
 Northern States Power Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format specified in General Instruction H(2) to such Form 10-Q. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholder s Equity 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 23 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 23 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 24 
 SIGNATURES 
 25 
 
 This Form 10-Q is filed by NSP-Minnesota. NSP-Minnesota is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Additional information on Xcel Energy is available in various filings with the SEC. This report should be read in its entirety. 

Definitions of Abbreviations 
 Xcel Energy Inc. s Subsidiaries and Affiliates (current and former) NSP-Minnesota Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation NSP System The electric production and transmission system of NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin operated on an integrated basis and managed by NSP-Minnesota NSP-Wisconsin Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation PSCo Public Service Company of Colorado SPS Southwestern Public Service Company Utility subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS Xcel Energy Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries Federal and State Regulatory Agencies DOC Minnesota Department of Commerce EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission MPUC Minnesota Public Utilities Commission NDPSC North Dakota Public Service Commission PSCW Public Service Commission of Wisconsin SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Other ALJ Administrative Law Judge ASU Accounting standards update C I Commercial and Industrial CCR Coal combustion residuals CCR Rule Final rule (40 CFR 257.50 - 257.107) published by the EPA regulating the management, storage and disposal of CCRs as nonhazardous waste CEO Chief executive officer CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act 
 CFO Chief financial officer CO 2 
 Carbon dioxide CSPV Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic ETR Effective tax rate FCA Fuel clause adjustment FTR Financial transmission right GAAP United States generally accepted accounting principles GE General Electric Company IPP Independent power producing entity MGP Manufactured gas plant MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. NAV Net asset value NOx Nitrogen Oxides O M Operating and maintenance PFAS Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
 PPA Power purchase agreement PTC Production tax credit RFP Request for proposal ROE Return on equity RTO Regional Transmission Organization SMMPA Southern Minnesota Municipal Power Agency VIE Variable interest entity Measurements MW Megawatts 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to future sales, future expenses, future tax rates, future operating performance, estimated base capital expenditures and financing plans, projected capital additions and forecasted annual revenue requirements with respect to rider filings, expected rate increases to customers, expectations and intentions regarding regulatory proceedings, expected pension contributions, and expected impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of legal proceeding outcomes, as well as assumptions and other statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, project, possible, potential, should, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. The following factors, in addition to those discussed in NSP-Minnesota s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2023 and subsequent filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: operational safety, including our nuclear generation facilities and other utility operations; successful long-term operational planning; commodity risks associated with energy markets and production; rising energy prices and fuel costs; qualified employee workforce and third-party contractor factors; violations of our Codes of Conduct; our ability to recover costs; changes in regulation; reductions in our credit ratings and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships; general economic conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflation rates, monetary fluctuations, supply chain constraints and their impact on capital expenditures and/or the ability of NSP-Minnesota to obtain financing on favorable terms; availability or cost of capital; our customers and counterparties ability to pay their debts to us; assumptions and costs relating to funding our employee benefit plans and health care benefits; tax laws; uncertainty regarding epidemics, the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally), the potential impact on the workforce, including shortages of employees or third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions, impacts on the transportation of goods and the generalized impact on the economy; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cybersecurity threats and data security breaches; seasonal weather patterns; changes in environmental laws and regulations; climate change and other weather events; natural disaster and resource depletion, including compliance with any accompanying legislative and regulatory changes; costs of potential regulatory penalties and wildfire damages in excess of liability insurance coverage; regulatory changes and/or limitations related to the use of natural gas as an energy source; challenging labor market conditions and our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce; and our ability to execute on our strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters including as a result of evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues Electric, non-affiliates Electric, affiliates Natural gas Other Total operating revenues Operating expenses Electric fuel and purchased power Cost of natural gas sold and transported Cost of sales other Operating and maintenance expenses Conservation program expenses Depreciation and amortization Taxes (other than income taxes) Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) ) Allowance for funds used during construction equity Interest charges and financing costs Interest charges and other financing costs Allowance for funds used during construction debt ) ) ) ) Total interest charges and financing costs Income before income taxes Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Net income 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income Derivative instruments: Net fair value increase, net of tax Reclassification of losses to net income, net of tax Total other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Nuclear fuel amortization Deferred income taxes Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Net regulatory assets and liabilities Other current liabilities ) Pension and other employee benefit obligations ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital/construction expenditures ) ) Purchase of investment securities ) ) Proceeds from the sale of investment securities Investments in utility money pool arrangement ) ) Repayments from utility money pool arrangement Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Repayments of short-term borrowings, net ) ) Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Repayments under utility money pool arrangement ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) Capital contributions from parent Dividends paid to parent ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) ) ) Cash received from income taxes, net; includes proceeds from tax credit transfers Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions Inventory transfers to property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 
 Sept. 30, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from affiliates Investments in money pool arrangements Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Prepayments and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Nuclear decommissioning fund and other investments Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Short-term debt Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Regulatory liabilities Taxes accrued Accrued interest Dividends payable to parent Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes Deferred investment tax credits Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Derivative instruments Pension and employee benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capitalization Long-term debt Common stock shares authorized of par value; shares 
 outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common stockholder's equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Issued Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Common Stockholder's Equity Shares Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss Dividends declared to parent ) ) Balance at Sept. 30, 2023 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2024 ) Common Stock Issued Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Common Stockholder's Equity Shares Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023 Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2023 ) Balance at Dec. 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2024 ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

8 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

3. Selected Balance Sheet Data 
 Less allowance for bad debts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Fuel Natural gas Total inventories 
 Natural gas plant Common and other property Plant to be retired (a) 
 Construction work in progress Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Nuclear fuel Less accumulated amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (a) 
 
 4. Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding N/A Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis N/A Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A N/A 
 Commercial Paper 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding N/A Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis N/A Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A 
 Letters of Credit NSP-Minnesota uses letters of credit, generally with terms of one year, to provide financial guarantees for certain obligations. There w er e million and million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility at Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, respectively. Amounts approximate their fair value and are subject to fees. 
 Revolving Credit Facility In order to issue its commercial paper, NSP-Minnesota must have a revolving credit facility equal to or greater than the commercial paper borrowing limit and cannot issue commercial paper exceeding available capacity under this credit facility. The credit facility provides short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 
 NSP-Minnesota has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for additional one-year periods. All extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval. 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility. NSP-Minnesota had direct advances on the credit facility outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023. 
 Bilateral Credit Agreement In April 2024, NSP-Minnesota s uncommitted bilateral credit agreement was renewed for an additional term. The credit agreement is limited in use to support letters of credit. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, NSP-Minnesota had million of outstanding letters of credit under the million bilateral credit agreement. 
 Long-Term Borrowings 
 During the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024, NSP-Minnesota issued million of first mortgage bonds due March 15, 2054. 

5. Revenues 

C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange and other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Electric Natural Gas All Other Total Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange and other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 (Millions of Dollars) Electric Natural Gas All Other Total Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange and other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 

10 

Table of Contents 

 C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange and other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 
 State tax (net of federal tax effect) (Decreases) increases: Wind PTCs (a) 
 ) ) Plant regulatory differences (b) 
 ) ) Other tax credits, net operating loss tax credit allowances ) ) Other, net Effective income tax rate ) ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 

11 

Table of Contents 

 billion and billion as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, and unrealized losses were million and million as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Total 
 (a) million of other investments, including the rabbi trust. 
 Dec. 31, 2023 Fair Value (Millions of Dollars) Cost Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Nuclear decommissioning fund (a) 
 Cash equivalents Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Total 
 (a) million of other investments, including the rabbi trust. 
 For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023, there were transfers of Level 3 investments between levels. 

unsettled interest rate derivatives. 
 See Note 10 for the financial impact of qualifying interest rate cash flow hedges on NSP-Minnesota s accumulated other comprehensive loss included in the consolidated statements of common stockholder s equity and in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading NSP-Minnesota conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. NSP-Minnesota is allowed to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, comprised of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy. 
 Results of derivative instrument transactions entered into for trading purposes are presented in the consolidated statements of income as electric revenues, net of any sharing with customers. These activities are not intended to mitigate commodity price risk associated with regulated electric and natural gas operations. Sharing of these margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC-approved joint operating agreement. 
 Commodity Derivatives NSP-Minnesota enters into derivative instruments to manage variability of future cash flows from changes in commodity prices in its electric and natural gas operations. This could include the purchase or sale of energy or energy-related products, natural gas to generate electric energy, natural gas for resale and FTRs. 
 The most significant derivative positions outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 for this purpose relate to FTR instruments administered by MISO. These instruments are intended to offset the impacts of transmission system congestion. 
 When NSP-Minnesota enters into derivative instruments that mitigate commodity price risk on behalf of electric and natural gas customers, the instruments are not typically designated as qualifying hedging transactions. The classification of unrealized losses or gains on these instruments as a regulatory asset or liability, if applicable, is based on approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, NSP-Minnesota had commodity contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Million British thermal units of natural gas 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations NSP-Minnesota continuously monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. Impact of credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 NSP-Minnesota s most significant concentrations of credit risk with particular entities or industries are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity activities. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, of NSP-Minnesota s most significant counterparties for these activities, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, had investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investor Services or Fitch Ratings. 
 of the most significant counterparties, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, were not rated by these external ratings agencies, but based on NSP-Minnesota s internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade. 
 of these significant counterparties, comprising million or of this credit exposure, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on internal analysis. 
 of these significant counterparties are municipal or cooperative electric entities, RTOs or other utilities. 
 Credit Related Contingent Features Contract provisions for derivative instruments that NSP-Minnesota enters into, including those accounted for as normal purchase and normal sale contracts and therefore not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets, may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts for various reasons, including if the applicable utility subsidiary s credit ratings are downgraded below its investment grade credit rating by any of the major credit rating agencies. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, there were million and million of derivative liabilities with such underlying contract provisions, respectively . 
 Certain contracts also contain cross default provisions that may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts if there was a failure under other financing arrangements related to payment terms or other covenants. 

As of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, there were approximately million and million of derivative liabilities with such underlying contract provisions, respectively. 
 Certain derivative instruments are also subject to contract provisions that contain adequate assurance clauses. These provisions allow counterparties to seek performance assurance, including cash collateral, in the event that a given utility subsidiary s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations is reasonably expected to be impaired. 
 NSP-Minnesota had collateral posted related to adequate assurance clauses in derivative contracts as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023. 
 Recurring Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 ) Natural gas commodity ) Total ) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate Total Other derivative instruments: Electric commodity ) Natural gas commodity Total ) Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity ) Natural gas commodity ) Total ) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate Total Other derivative instruments Electric commodity ) Natural gas commodity ) Total ) 

13 

Table of Contents 

 (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading (b) 
 Electric commodity (c) 
 Total Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) (b) 
 Electric commodity (c) 
 Natural gas commodity ) (d)(e) 
 Total ) Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) (b) 
 Electric Commodity (c) 
 Total ) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) (b) 
 Electric commodity (c) 
 Natural gas commodity ) (d)(e) 
 Total ) 
 (a) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) . 
 NSP-Minnesota had derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Electric commodity 
 ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative assets ) ) Noncurrent derivative assets Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative assets ) ) 
 Sept. 30, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Fair Value Fair Value Total Netting (a) 
 Total Fair Value Fair Value Total Netting (a) 
 Total (Millions of Dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Current derivative liabilities Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Electric commodity ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative liabilities ) ) PPAs (b) 
 Current derivative instruments Noncurrent derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative liabilities ) ) PPAs (b) 
 Noncurrent derivative instruments 
 (a) obligations to return cash collateral. At both Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023 derivative assets and liabilities include rights to reclaim cash collateral of million and million, respectively. Counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements. 
 (b) 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Settlements (a) 
 ) ) Net transactions recorded during the period: (Losses) gains recognized in earnings (b) 
 ) Net losses recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities (a) 
 ) ) Balance at Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Balance at Jan. 1 Purchases (a) 
 Settlements (a) 
 ) ) Net transactions recorded during the period: (Losses) gains recognized in earnings (b) 
 ) Net losses recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities (a) 
 ) ) Balance at Sept. 30 
 (a) 

Fair value of NSP-Minnesota s long-term debt is estimated based on recent trades and observable spreads from benchmark interest rates for similar securities. Fair value estimates are based on information available to management as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, and given the observability of the inputs, fair values presented for long-term debt were assigned as Level 2. 

8. Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Interest cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) Amortization of net loss (a) 
 Settlement charge (b) 
 Net periodic benefit cost Effects of regulation ) Net benefit cost recognized for financial reporting Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Pension Benefits Postretirement Health Care Benefits Service cost Interest cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) Amortization of net loss (a) 
 Settlement charge (b) 
 Net periodic benefit cost Effects of regulation ) Net benefit cost recognized for financial reporting 
 (a) 
 million and million, respectively, which was not recognized in earnings due to the effects of rate making, for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 
 In January 2024, contributions totaling million were made across Xcel Energy s pension plans, of which million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. Xcel Energy does not expect additional pension contributions during 2024. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 9. Commitments and Contingencies 

million of replacement power costs previously recovered through the FCA. NSP-Minnesota responded that it acted prudently in connection with the Sherco Unit 3 outage, the MPUC has previously disallowed million of related costs and no additional refund or disallowance is appropriate. 
 In July 2022, the MPUC referred the matter to the Office of Administrative Hearings to conduct a contested case on the prudence of the replacement power costs incurred by NSP-Minnesota. 
 In May 2024, the ALJ recommended a customer refund of million (less a portion of the proceeds received from the settlement with GE). The ALJ indicated that consideration of the million of previously disallowed costs was not in the scope of their recommendation. In October 2024, the MPUC ordered customer refunds of million, which is presented as a charge to electric revenues in the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 . 
 Minnesota 2023 Fuel Clause Adjustment In March 2024, NSP-Minnesota filed its annual fuel clause adjustment true-up petition to the MPUC. 

million if the DOC recommendations are applied to both 2023 and 2024. 
 In September 2024, the MPUC ruled NSP-Minnesota was imprudent in the operation of the Prairie Island nuclear plant based on an incident that resulted in the extended outage. The MPUC declined to quantify the refund and referred the determination of the refund amount to the Office of Administrative Hearings. A procedural schedule will be determined in the fourth quarter of 2024. NSP-Minnesota has recorded an estimated liability for a customer refund. 
 
 MGP, landfill or other disposal sites across its service territories. 
 NSP-Minnesota has recognized approximately million of costs/liabilities for resolution of these issues; however, the final outcomes and timing are unknown. In addition, there may be regulatory recovery, insurance recovery and/or recovery from other potentially responsible parties, offsetting a portion of costs incurred. 
 Water and Waste 
 Coal Ash Regulation NSP-Minnesota is subject to the CCR Rule, which imposes requirements for handling, storage, treatment and disposal of coal ash and other solid waste. 
 In May 2024, final amendments to the CCR Rule were published, widening its scope to include legacy CCR surface impoundments at inactive facilities and previously exempt areas where CCR was placed directly on land at CCR-regulated facilities, including areas of beneficial use. 
 As a requirement of the CCR Rule, utilities must complete facility evaluations and groundwater sampling around their subject landfills, surface impoundments and certain other areas where coal ash was placed on land. 
 If certain impacts to groundwater are detected, utilities may be required to perform additional groundwater investigations and/or perform corrective actions, typically beginning with an Assessment of Corrective Measures. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 million for investigations through 2028 to perform required reporting and assess whether corrective actions are necessary. Asset retirement obligations have been recorded for each of these activities, and amounts are expected to be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 NSP-Minnesota has also identified coal ash that is expected to be required to be removed from certain closed coal-fueled generating facilities at estimated costs totaling approximately million. Asset retirement obligations have been recorded, with the costs expected to be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 NSP-Minnesota continues to evaluate the 2024 updates to the CCR rule, the interpretations of those updates and how they will apply to specific sites. Assessment of the recent updates to the CCR Rule and corresponding site investigation activities may result in updates to estimated costs as well as identification of additional required corrective actions. 
 Clean Water Act Section 316(b) The Federal Clean Water Act requires the EPA to regulate cooling water intake structures to assure they reflect the best technology available for minimizing impingement and entrainment of aquatic species. 
 NSP-Minnesota estimates capital expenditures of approximately million may be required to comply with the requirements. NSP-Minnesota anticipates these costs will be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 Air 
 Clean Air Act NOx Allowance Allocations In June 2023, the EPA published final regulations for ozone under the Good Neighbor provisions of the Clean Air Act. The final rule applies to generation facilities in Minnesota, as well as other states outside of our service territory. The rule establishes an allowance trading program for NOx that will impact NSP-Minnesota fossil fuel-fired electric generating facilities. Subject facilities will have to secure additional allowances, install NOx controls and/or develop a strategy of operations that utilizes the existing allowance allocations. 
 . In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order granting a stay of the final rule. In response, the EPA intends to issue an administrative stay of the rule nationwide. Depending on the outcomes of the underlying legal challenges, the regulation may become applicable in the future. 

Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Operating leases PPA capacity payments Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 
 (a) million and million for 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 
 Interest component of obligation ) ) ) Present value of minimum obligation Less current portion ) Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 
 MW of capacity under long-term PPAs at both Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, with entities that have been determined to be VIEs. These agreements have expiration dates through 2039. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 10. Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) ) ) Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Interest rate derivatives (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Sept 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Items Total Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Items Total Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Jan. 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) Gains reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive gain before reclassifications 
 Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Interest rate derivatives (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Sept 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 
 11. Segment Information 

Net income Regulated Natural Gas Total revenues (b) 
 Intersegment revenue Total revenues Net loss ) ) All Other Total revenues Net income Consolidated Total Total revenues (a)(b) 
 Reconciling eliminations ) Total operating revenues Net income 
 (a) million and million of affiliate electric revenue for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (b) 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Net income Regulated Natural Gas Operating revenues (b) 
 Intersegment revenue Total revenues Net income All Other Total revenues Net income Consolidated Total Total revenues (a)(b) 
 Reconciling eliminations ) ) Total operating revenues Net income 
 (a) million and million of affiliate electric revenue for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (b) 
 
 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for NSP-Minnesota is omitted per conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis of the results of operations set forth in General Instruction H(2)(a) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures such as ongoing earnings. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that adjusts measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 NSP-Minnesota s management uses non-GAAP measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the Board of Directors, in determining performance-based compensation, and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement investors understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 

Earnings Adjusted for Certain Items (Ongoing Earnings) 
 Ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to GAAP earnings (net income) for certain items. 
 We use this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate and provide details of Xcel Energy s core earnings and underlying performance. For instance, to present ongoing earnings, we may adjust the related GAAP amounts for certain items that are non-recurring in nature. We believe this measurement is useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered as an alternative to measures calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of GAAP earnings (net income) to ongoing earnings: 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net income 252 260 594 526 Sherco Unit 3 2011 outage refunds 35 46 Less: tax effect of adjustment (10) (13) Ongoing earnings 277 260 627 526 
 Sherco Unit 3 2011 Outage Refunds NSP-Minnesota s Sherco Unit 3 experienced an extended outage following a 2011 incident which damaged its turbine. In October 2024 following contested case procedures, the MPUC ordered a customer refund of 46 million for replacement power incurred during the outage. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 NSP-Minnesota s GAAP net income was 594 million for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 compared with 526 million for the prior year. Ongoing net income was 627 million for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024, compared to 526 million for the prior year. The higher ongoing earnings primarily reflect increased recovery of infrastructure investments (electric and natural gas), partially offset by higher depreciation and interest charges. 
 Electric Revenue 
 Electric revenues are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium, regulatory outcomes, market prices and seasonality. In addition, electric customers receive a credit for PTCs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes. 
 (Millions of Dollars) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Regulatory rate outcomes 191 Conservation and demand side management (offset in expense) 57 Non-fuel riders 50 Recovery of lower electric fuel and purchased power expenses (75) 2011 Sherco 3 outage refunds (46) PTCs flowed back to customers (offset by lower ETR) (24) Sales and demand (a) 
 (11) Estimated impact of weather (net of sales true-up) (7) Other, net (29) Total increase 106 
 (a) Sales excludes weather impact, net of sales true-up mechanism in Minnesota. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Revenues 
 Natural gas revenues vary with changing sales, the cost of natural gas and regulatory outcomes. 
 (Millions of Dollars) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Recovery of lower natural gas costs (sold and transported) (189) Regulatory rate outcomes 38 Infrastructure and integrity riders 6 Retail sales growth (net of decoupling) 6 Other, net (2) Total decrease (141) 
 Electric Fuel and Purchased Power Expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are impacted by fluctuations in market prices of natural gas, coal and uranium, as well as seasonality. These incurred expenses are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are largely offset in operating revenues and have minimal earnings impact. 
 Electric fuel and purchased power expenses decreased 79 million year-to-date. The decrease is primarily due to decreased volumes and timing of fuel recovery mechanisms, partially offset by changes in generation mix. 
 Cost of Natural Gas Sold and Transported Expenses incurred for the cost of natural gas sold are impacted by market prices and seasonality. These costs are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are largely offset in operating revenues and have minimal earnings impact. 
 Natural gas sold and transported decreased 189 million year-to-date. The decrease is primarily due to timing of fuel recovery, lower volumes and commodity prices. 
 Non-Fuel Operating Expenses and Other Items 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense increased 104 million year-to-date as a result of system expansion partially offset by wind and nuclear life extensions implemented in 2023 in the Minnesota Electric Rate Case. 
 Interest Charges Interest charges increased 30 million year-to-date, largely due to increased debt levels and higher interest rates. 
 
 Public Utility Regulation and Other 
 The FERC and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate NSP-Minnesota. NSP-Minnesota is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota. 
 Rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. NSP-Minnesota requests changes in utility rates through commission filings. Changes in operating costs can affect NSP-Minnesota s financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. Other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and demand side management efforts, and the cost of capital. 
 In addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the ROE, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact NSP-Minnesota s results of operations. 

Except to the extent noted below, the circumstances set forth in Public Utility Regulation included in Item 7 of NSP-Minnesota s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023 appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of public utility regulation and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Pending and Recently Concluded Regulatory Proceedings 
 2024 Minnesota Natural Gas Rate Case In November 2023, NSP-Minnesota filed a request with the MPUC for a natural gas rate increase of approximately 59 million, or 9.6 . The request was based on a ROE of 10.2 , a 52.5 equity ratio and a 2024 forward test year with rate base of approximately 1.27 billion. In December 2023, the MPUC approved NSP-Minnesota s request for interim rates, subject to refund, of approximately 51 million (implemented on Jan. 1, 2024). 
 In June 2024, NSP-Minnesota and various parties filed an uncontested settlement, which includes the following terms: 
 Natural gas rate increase of 46 million, or 7.5 . 
 ROE of 9.6 . 
 Equity ratio of 52.5 . 
 Rate base of 1.25 billion. 
 No change to Commission approved decoupling. 
 In October 2024, an ALJ recommended the MPUC approve the rate case settlement. A MPUC decision and order is expected in the first quarter of 2025. 
 2024 North Dakota Natural Gas Rate Case In December 2023, NSP-Minnesota filed a request with the NDPSC seeking an increase in natural gas rates of 8.5 million (9.4 ), based on a ROE of 10.20 , an equity ratio of 52.5 , 2024 test year and rate base of 168 million. In February 2024, the NDPSC approved interim rates of 8 million, effective March 1, 2024. 
 In August 2024, NSP-Minnesota filed a settlement agreement with NDPSC Staff and AARP. Key terms of the settlement included an increase in natural gas rates of 7.3 million (8.1 ), based on a ROE of 9.9 and an equity ratio of 52.5 . 
 A NDPSC decision and order is expected by the end of 2024. 
 
 2022 Minnesota Electric Rate Case In October 2021, NSP-Minnesota filed a three-year electric rate case with the MPUC. 
 In July 2023, the MPUC approved a three-year rate increase of approximately 332 million for 2022-2024, based on a ROE of 9.25 and an equity ratio of 52.5 . The MPUC also approved a continuation of the sales true-up mechanism. 
 In November 2023, NSP-Minnesota filed an appeal to the Minnesota Court of Appeals regarding MPUC decisions relating to executive compensation, insurance expense and treatment of prepaid pension assets. 
 The appeal is pending a court decision expected in the first quarter of 2025. 
 2024 Minnesota Electric Rate Case In early November 2024, NSP-Minnesota plans to file an electric rate case in Minnesota, seeking a total revenue increase of 491 million (13.2 over two years, based on an ROE of 10.3 , a 52.5 equity ratio and rate base of 13.2 billion in 2025 and 14 billion in 2026. NSP-Minnesota will also request interim rates of 224 million to go into effect in January 2025. A decision is expected in 2026. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 NSP System 
 2022 Upper Midwest IRP Resource Acquisition NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin are actively engaged in multiple processes and proceedings to acquire resources to meet their identified generation resource needs. 
 In the second quarter of 2023, NSP-Minnesota initiated the process with the MPUC for acquisition of firm dispatchable resources. In October 2024, a settlement was reached with various parties, pending MPUC approval. See below for more details. 
 In October 2023, NSP-Minnesota issued an RFP seeking 1,200 MW of wind assets to replace capacity and reutilize interconnection rights associated with the retiring Sherco coal facilities. The RFP closed in December 2023. NSP-Minnesota expects to file for approval of recommended projects by the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In 2024, NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin each issued an RFP collectively seeking up to 1,600 MW of wind, solar, storage or hybrid resources to interconnect to the NSP System, including reutilization of the interconnection rights associated with the retiring Sherco coal units, and 650 MW of solar and storage resources to specifically reutilize the interconnection rights associated with the retiring King coal unit. Bids are currently under evaluation; NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin expect to announce short listed projects in December 2024 and plan to file for the requisite approvals of the selected resources with the MPUC and PSCW, respectively, in the second quarter of 2025. 
 2024 Upper Midwest Resource Plan In February 2024, NSP filed its Upper Midwest Resource Plan with the MPUC. In October 2024, NSP-Minnesota filed a settlement with several parties reaching agreement on the targeted resource additions for the 5-year Action Plan and the process under which those resources will be secured, as well as the proposed projects to be approved in the pending 800 MW firm dispatchable resource acquisition. 
 NSP-Minnesota anticipates a MPUC decision in 2025 and will file a RFP for remaining resource needs upon approval. The settlement included the following key items: 
 The selection of the company-owned 420 MW Lyon County combustion turbine. 
 The selection of the company-owned 300 MW 4-hour Sherco battery energy storage system. 
 Multiple PPAs to proceed to the negotiation stage. 
 3,200 MW of wind, 400 MW of solar and 600 MW of stand-alone storage to be added through 2030 based on an RFP process (a portion of which is expected to be fulfilled with the resources acquired as part of the June and July 2024 RFPs). Of these amounts, approximately 2,800 MW of wind are projected to utilize the Minnesota Energy Connection transmission line. 
 Planned life extensions of the Prairie Island and Monticello nuclear plants through the early 2050s. 
 Nuclear Power Operations 
 NSP-Minnesota owns two nuclear generating plants: the Monticello plant and the Prairie Island plant. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements of NSP-Minnesota s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023 for further information. The circumstances set forth in Nuclear Power Operations included in Item 7 of NSP-Minnesota s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023, appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of nuclear power operations. 

Other 
 Supply Chain 
 NSP-Minnesota s ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. Manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. These disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. NSP-Minnesota continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work. 
 Large global demand for energy-related infrastructure (renewables and gas generation, data centers, etc.) has stretched equipment supply chains, extended delivery dates and increased prices for items like combustion turbines, transformers and other large electrical equipment. The labor market for skilled engineering and construction resources to build renewables and gas generation has also been strained, impacting cost and availability. 
 Tariffs and Trade Complaints 
 In May 2024, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced the initiation of anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations of CSPV cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam, whether or not assembled into modules. 
 In October 2024, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced its preliminary determination in the countervailing duty circumvention investigation, which is not expected to impact NSP-Minnesota projects. A preliminary decision related to the anti-dumping portion of the matter is anticipated in November 2024. 
 In May 2024, the White House imposed a new 25 tariff on Lithium-Ion storage along with other trade measures. The tariff went into immediate effect for EV batteries but has a grace period until January 2026 for stationary energy storage applications. 
 NSP-Minnesota continues to assess the impacts of these tariffs and trade complaints on its business, including company-owned projects and PPAs. NSP-Minnesota may seek regulatory relief for tariffs, if required, in its jurisdictions. 
 Further policy actions or other restrictions on solar and storage imports, disruptions in imports from key suppliers, or any new trade complaint could impact project timelines and costs of various generation projects and PPAs. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Clean Air Act 
 Power Plant Greenhouse Gas Regulations In April 2024, the EPA published final rules addressing control of CO 2 emissions from the power sector. The rules regulate new natural gas generating units and emission guidelines for existing coal and certain natural gas generation. The rules create subcategories of coal units based on planned retirement date and subcategories of natural gas combustion turbines and combined cycle units based on utilization. The CO 2 control requirements vary by subcategory. Based on current estimates and assumptions, NSP-Minnesota has determined that due to scheduled plant retirements, there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Emerging Contaminants of Concern 
 PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. NSP-Minnesota does not manufacture PFAS, but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. 
 In June 2024, the EPA finalized a rule that designated certain PFAS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. In July 2024, the EPA finalized another rule that set enforceable drinking water standards for certain PFAS. 
 Potential costs for these rules and any additional proposed regulations related to PFAS are uncertain and will be determined on a site specific basis where applicable. If costs are incurred, NSP-Minnesota believes the costs will be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Effluent Limitation Guidelines 
 In April 2024, the EPA published final rules under the Clean Water Act, setting Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for steam generating coal plants. This rule establishes more stringent wastewater discharge standards for bottom ash transport water, flue-gas desulfurization wastewater, and combustion residuals leachate from steam electric power plants, particularly coal-fired power plants. Based on current estimates and assumptions, NSP-Minnesota has determined that there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and that any costs would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Nuclear Fuel Supply 
 In May 2024, the Prohibiting Russian Uranium Imports Act was signed into law. As such, NSP-Minnesota will no longer be permitted to accept deliveries of enriched nuclear material from Russia beginning in August 2024, unless specific waivers are requested and received. NSP-Minnesota has secured its enriched nuclear material requirements through 2029 with non-Russian material, which are in various stages of processing in Canada, Europe and the United States. NSP-Minnesota continues to assess the impacts of this legislation on its existing contracts related to Russian-sourced nuclear material. 
 
 ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 NSP-Minnesota maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of Sept. 30, 2024, based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of NSP-Minnesota s management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that NSP-Minnesota s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in NSP-Minnesota s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, NSP-Minnesota s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 NSP-Minnesota is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Management maintains accruals for losses probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. 
 Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 
 For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, would have a material effect on NSP-Minnesota s consolidated financial statements. Legal fees are generally expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements and Part I Item 2 for further information. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 NSP-Minnesota s risk factors are documented in Item 1A of Part I of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None of the Company s directors or officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company s fiscal quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 Indicates incorporation by reference 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 3.01 
 Articles of Incorporation and Amendments of Northern Power Corp. (renamed NSP-Minnesota on Aug. 21, 2000) 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 10-12G dated Oct. 5, 2000 3.01 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of NSP-Minnesota, dated Jan. 25, 2019 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 3.02 31.01 
 Principal Executive Officer s certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 
 Principal Financial Officer s certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Northern States Power Company (a Minnesota corporation) 10/31/2024 By: /s/ MELISSA L. OSTROM Melissa L. Ostrom Senior Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

25 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 nspmex3101q32024.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Northern States Power Company (a Minnesota corporation) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 nspmex3102q32024.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brian J. Van Abel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Northern States Power Company (a Minnesota corporation) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 nspmex3201q32024.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation (NSP-Minnesota) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-Q), each of the undersigned officers of NSP-Minnesota certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NSP-Minnesota as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-Q. 
 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to NSP-Minnesota and will be retained by NSP-Minnesota and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nspm-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nspm-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nspm-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nspm-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nspm-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

