<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1509589_0001509589-24-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9089290</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119609</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1756877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3372388</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2012766</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1636517</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001509589-24-000082.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107164147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001509589-24-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509589
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				611630631
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35371
		FILM NUMBER:		241436635

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 - 17TH STREET, SUITE 3700
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-293-9100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		555 - 17TH STREET, SUITE 3700
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001509589-24-000082.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 civi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

civi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 6, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE Part I. 
 Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Continuous Quarterly Presentation Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 Part II. 
 Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 Signatures 
 45 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains various statements, including those that express belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historic fact, that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words could, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, may, continue, predict, potential, project, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current belief, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events. 
 Forward-looking statements include statements related to, among other things: 
 our business strategies; 
 reserves estimates; 
 estimated sales volumes; 
 the amount and allocation of forecasted capital expenditures and plans for funding capital expenditures and operating expenses; 
 our ability to modify future capital expenditures; 
 anticipated costs; 
 compliance with debt covenants; 
 our ability to fund and satisfy obligations related to ongoing operations; 
 compliance with government regulations, including those related to climate change as well as environmental, health, and safety regulations and liabilities thereunder; 
 our ability to achieve, reach, or otherwise meet initiatives, plans, or ambitions with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters; 
 the adequacy of gathering systems and continuous improvement of such gathering systems; 
 the impact from the lack of available gathering systems and processing facilities in certain areas; 
 crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids NGL prices and factors affecting the volatility of such prices; 
 the ability to use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk and ability to use such instruments in the future; 
 our drilling inventory and drilling intentions; 
 the impact of potentially disruptive technologies; 
 the timing and success of specific projects; 
 our implementation of standard and long reach laterals; 
 our intention to continue to optimize enhanced completion techniques and well design changes; 
 stated working interest percentages; 
 our management and technical team; 
 outcomes and effects of litigation, claims, and disputes; 
 our ability to replace crude oil and natural gas reserves; 
 our ability to convert proved undeveloped reserves to producing properties within five years of their initial proved booking; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to pursue potential future capital management activities such as stock repurchases, paying dividends on our common stock at their current level or at all, or additional mechanisms to return excess capital to our stockholders; 
 the impact of the loss of a single customer or any purchaser of our products; 
 the timing and ability to meet certain volume commitments related to purchase and transportation agreements; 
 the impact of customary royalty interests, overriding royalty interests, obligations incident to operating agreements, liens for current taxes, and other industry-related constraints; 
 our anticipated financial position, including our cash flow and liquidity; 
 the adequacy of our insurance; 
 plans and expectations with respect to our recent acquisitions and the anticipated impact of the recent acquisitions on our results of operations, financial position, future growth opportunities, reserve estimates, and competitive position; 
 the results, effects, benefits, and synergies of other mergers and acquisitions; and 
 other statements concerning our anticipated operations, economic performance, and financial condition. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on certain assumptions and analyses we have made in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, and expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many such factors will be important in determining actual future results. The actual results or developments anticipated by these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, may not have the expected consequences. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K 
 declines or volatility in the prices we receive for our crude oil, natural gas, and NGL; 
 general economic conditions, whether internationally, nationally, or in the regional and local market areas in which we do business, including any future economic downturn, the impact of continued or further inflation, disruption in the financial markets, and the availability of credit on acceptable terms; 
 our ability to identify and select possible additional acquisition and disposition opportunities; 
 the effects of disruption of our operations or excess supply of crude oil and natural gas and other effects of world health events, and the actions by certain crude oil and natural gas producing countries; 
 the ability of our customers to meet their obligations to us; 
 our access to capital on acceptable terms; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, borrowings, or other sources to enable us to fully develop our undeveloped acreage positions; 
 the presence or recoverability of estimated crude oil and natural gas reserves and the actual future sales volume rates and associated costs; 
 uncertainties associated with estimates of proved crude oil and natural gas reserves; 
 the possibility that the industry may be subject to future local, state, and federal regulatory or legislative actions (including additional taxes and changes in environmental, health, and safety regulation and regulations addressing climate change); 
 environmental, health, and safety risks; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 seasonal weather conditions as well as severe weather and other natural events caused by climate change; 
 lease stipulations; 
 drilling and operating risks, including the risks associated with the employment of horizontal drilling and completion techniques; 
 our ability to acquire adequate supplies of water for drilling and completion operations; 
 availability of oilfield equipment, services, and personnel; 
 exploration and development risks; 
 operational interruption of centralized crude oil and natural gas processing facilities; 
 competition in the crude oil and natural gas industry; 
 management s ability to execute our plans to meet our goals; 
 unforeseen difficulties encountered in operating in new geographic areas; 
 our ability to attract and retain key members of our senior management and key technical employees; 
 our ability to maintain effective internal controls; 
 access to adequate gathering systems and pipeline take-away capacity; 
 our ability to secure adequate processing capacity for natural gas we produce, to secure adequate transportation for crude oil, natural gas, and NGL we produce, and to sell the crude oil, natural gas, and NGL at market prices; 
 costs and other risks associated with perfecting title for mineral rights in some of our properties; 
 pandemics and other public health epidemics; 
 potential impacts following the result of the presidential election in the United States, including volatility in the political, legal, and regulatory environments; 
 political conditions in or affecting other producing countries, including conflicts or hostilities in or relating to the Middle East (including the current events related to the Israel-Palestine conflict), South America, and Russia (including the current events involving Russia and Ukraine), and other sustained military campaigns or acts of terrorism or sabotage and the effects therefrom; and 
 other economic, competitive, governmental, legislative, regulatory, geopolitical, and technological factors that may negatively impact our businesses, operations, or pricing. 
 All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise these statements unless required by law, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions, or expectations will be achieved. We disclose other important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our 2023 Form 10-K , which may be updated by in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net: Crude oil and natural gas sales Joint interest and other Derivative assets Deposits for acquisitions Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property and equipment (successful efforts method): Proved properties Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion, and amortization ) ) Total proved properties, net Unproved properties Wells in progress Other property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of in 2024 and in 2023 
 Total property and equipment, net Derivative assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Production taxes payable Crude oil and natural gas revenue distribution payable Derivative liability Deferred acquisition consideration Other liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Debt, net 
 Ad valorem taxes Derivative liability Deferred income tax liabilities, net Asset retirement obligations Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) par value, shares authorized, outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating net revenues: Crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales Other operating income Total operating net revenues Operating expenses: Lease operating expense Midstream operating expense Gathering, transportation, and processing Severance and ad valorem taxes Exploration Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Transaction costs General and administrative expense 
 Other operating expense 
 Total operating expenses Other income (expense): Derivative gain (loss), net ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on property transactions, net 
 ) ) Other income 
 Total other income (expense) 
 ) ) ) Income from operations before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Additional Common Stock Paid-In Retained Shares Amount Capital Earnings Total Balances, December 31, 2023 
 Issuance pursuant to acquisition Restricted common stock issued Stock used for tax withholdings ) ) ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances, March 31, 2024 
 Restricted common stock issued Stock used for tax withholdings ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances, June 30, 2024 
 Restricted common stock issued Stock used for tax withholdings ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances, September 30, 2024 

Balances, December 31, 2022 
 Restricted common stock issued Stock used for tax withholdings ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances, March 31, 2023 
 Restricted common stock issued Stock used for tax withholdings ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances, June 30, 2023 Issuance pursuant to acquisition Restricted common stock issued Stock used for tax withholdings ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock repurchased and retired Stock-based compensation Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net income Balances, September 30, 2023 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Stock-based compensation Derivative (gain) loss, net ) Derivative cash settlement loss, net ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and deferred acquisition consideration 
 Loss on property transactions, net Deferred income tax expense Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Acquisitions of crude oil and natural gas properties ) ) Capital expenditures for drilling and completion activities and other fixed assets 
 ) ) Proceeds from property transactions 
 Purchases of carbon credits and renewable energy credits ) ) Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from credit facility Payments to credit facility ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Payment of deferred financing costs and other 
 ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of employee tax withholdings in exchange for the return of common stock ) ) Principal payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Beginning of period (1)(2) 
 End of period (2) 
 million of restricted cash consisting of million of interest earned on cash held in escrow that is presented in deposits for acquisitions and million of funds for road maintenance and repairs that is presented in other noncurrent assets within the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets balance sheets for the period ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Includes million of restricted cash consisting of funds for road maintenance and repairs that is presented in other noncurrent assets within the balance sheets for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2023. 
 Refer to Note 2 - Acquisitions and Divestitures and Note 13 - Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information for additional information. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 1 - 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 The significant accounting policies followed by us are set forth in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the 2023 Form 10-K and are supplemented by the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 - 
 
 Vencer Acquisition 
 On January 2, 2024, we completed the acquisition of certain crude oil and natural gas assets from Vencer Energy, LLC Vencer for adjusted aggregate consideration of approximately billion, inclusive of customary post-closing adjustments and million in cash to be paid on or before January 3, 2025 (the Vencer Acquisition ). In connection with and upon execution of the Vencer purchase and sale agreement, we deposited cash of million with an escrow agent. This deposit, along with interest accrued thereon, was credited against the cash payable at closing. 
 Deferred acquisition consideration (1)(3) 
 Shares of common stock issued Closing price per share (2) 
 Equity consideration (4) 
 Total consideration _______________________ 
 (1) Based on discounted fixed and determinable future payments of cash. 
 (2) Based on the closing stock price of Civitas common stock on January 2, 2024. 
 (3) Amounts represent non-cash investing activities until such time payments are made, as applicable. Refer to Note 5 - Debt for additional information. 
 (4) Amounts represent non-cash financing activities. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Unproved properties Other property and equipment Right-of-use assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Accounts payable and accrued expenses Crude oil and natural gas revenue distribution payable Asset retirement obligations Lease liability Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Through September 30, 2024, there have been immaterial adjustments made to the allocation presented in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024. The purchase price allocation for the Vencer Acquisition is preliminary, and we continue to assess the fair values of certain of the Vencer assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We expect to finalize the purchase price allocation as soon as practicable, which will not extend beyond the one-year measurement period. 
 Hibernia Acquisition 
 On August 2, 2023, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity ownership interests of Hibernia Energy III, LLC HE3 and Hibernia Energy III-B, LLC HE3-B , and together with HE3, Hibernia for aggregate consideration of approximately billion in cash, inclusive of customary post-closing adjustments (the Hibernia Acquisition ). 
 Accounts receivable - crude oil and natural gas sales Accounts receivable - joint interest and other Proved properties Unproved properties Other property and equipment Right-of-use assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Accounts payable and accrued expenses Production taxes payable Crude oil and natural gas revenue distribution payable Asset retirement obligations Lease liability Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 billion, inclusive of customary post-closing adjustments (the Tap Rock Acquisition ). 
 Shares of common stock issued Closing price per share (1) 
 Equity consideration Total consideration _______________________ 
 (1) Based on the closing stock price of Civitas common stock on August 2, 2023. 
 Final Purchase Price Allocation (in thousands) 
 Assets Acquired Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable - crude oil and natural gas sales Accounts receivable - joint interest and other Prepaid expenses and other Proved properties Unproved properties Other property and equipment Right-of-use assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Accounts payable and accrued expenses Production taxes payable Crude oil and natural gas revenue distribution payable Ad valorem taxes Asset retirement obligations Lease liability Deferred revenue Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The purchase price allocation for the Tap Rock Acquisition was finalized as of the third quarter of 2024 with immaterial adjustments made to the allocation presented in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 7, 2023. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. We determined that disclosing the amount of Vencer-related net income included in the accompanying statements of operations is impracticable as the operations from the acquisition were integrated into our operations from the date of the acquisition. 
 Supplemental pro forma financial information 
 The results of operations for the Vencer, Hibernia, and Tap Rock acquisitions since their respective closing dates have been included in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and therefore do not require pro forma disclosure for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Net income Earnings per common share - basic Earnings per common share - diluted 
 Transaction costs 
 Transaction costs related to the aforementioned acquisitions are accounted for separately from the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and are included in transaction costs in the accompanying statements of operations. Transaction costs also include costs associated with our efforts to divest of certain non-core assets in the DJ Basin, completed in early 2024. We incurred transaction costs of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3 - 
 Permian Basin Total Natural gas DJ Basin Permian Basin ) ) Total NGL DJ Basin Permian Basin Total Crude oil, natural gas, and NGL DJ Basin Permian Basin Total 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized in the reporting period related to performance obligations satisfied in prior reporting periods was insignificant. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our receivables from contracts with customers were million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 4 - 
 Accrued drilling and completion costs Accrued crude oil and natural gas operating expense Accrued general and administrative expense Accrued transaction costs Accrued interest expense Other accrued expenses Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 -) 
 2028 Senior Notes 
 2030 Senior Notes 
 2031 Senior Notes 
 Outstanding principal balances on Senior Notes, gross 
 Less: unamortized discount and deferred financing costs ) ) Outstanding principal balances on Senior Notes, net 
 Outstanding balance on Credit Facility 
 Long-term debt Deferred acquisition consideration Total debt 
 
 Senior Notes 
 The table below summarizes the face values, interest rates, maturity dates, and semi-annual interest payment dates related to our outstanding senior note obligations as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Interest Rate Interest Payment Dates Principal Amount Maturity Date 2026 Senior Notes April 15, October 15 October 15, 2026 
 2028 Senior Notes January 1, July 1 July 1, 2028 2030 Senior Notes May 1, November 1 November 1, 2030 2031 Senior Notes January 1, July 1 July 1, 2031 
 The 2026 Senior Notes, 2028 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes, and 2031 Senior Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and any future unsecured senior debt and are senior in right of payment to any future subordinated debt. The Company may redeem some or all of its Senior Notes prior to their maturity at redemption prices that may include a premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest as described in the indentures governing the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all of our existing subsidiaries and are expected to be guaranteed by certain other future subsidiaries that may be required to guarantee the Senior Notes. 
 The indentures governing the Senior Notes contain covenants that limit, among other things, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) create liens securing indebtedness; (iii) pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase stock or subordinated debt; (iv) make specified types of investments and acquisitions; (v) enter into or permit to exist contractual limits on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; (vi) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (vii) sell assets or merge with other companies. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. We were in compliance with all covenants and all restricted payment provisions related to our Senior Notes through the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The indentures governing the Senior Notes also contain customary events of default. 
 For additional details on our Senior Notes, refer to Note 5 - Long-Term Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in our 2023 Form 10-K . 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 billion and is set to mature on August 2, 2028 (together with all amendments thereto, the Credit Facility or the Credit Agreement ). 
 On June 12, 2024, we entered into a Sixth Amendment to our Credit Agreement (the Sixth Amendment ), which, among other things, amended certain terms of the Credit Agreement to: (i) increase the borrowing base by million for a new borrowing base of billion, (ii) increase the aggregate elected commitments by million for a new aggregate elected commitment of billion, (iii) lower the interest rate margins applicable to loans under the Credit Agreement, (iv) add provisions to lower the interest rate margins and modify certain covenants in the Credit Agreement, as well as to make the Credit Facility unsecured, upon the achievement of investment grade credit ratings, (v) modify certain definitions in the Credit Agreement in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Sixth Amendment, and (vi) provide for the addition of certain new lenders under the Credit Agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the borrowing base and aggregate elected commitments under the Credit Agreement were billion and billion, respectively. The next scheduled borrowing base redetermination date is in November 2024. 
 Interest and commitment fees associated with the Credit Facility are accrued based on a revolving loan commitment utilization grid set forth in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, at our option, either (i) the Alternate Base Rate ABR plus the applicable margin, or (ii) the term-specific Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus the applicable margin. ABR is established as a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the rate of interest publicly announced by JPMorgan as its prime rate, (b) the applicable rate of interest published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus , or (c) the term-specific SOFR for an interest period of one month plus , in each case, subject to a floor, plus an applicable margin of to based on the utilization of the Credit Facility. Term-specific SOFR is based on one-, three-, or six-month terms as selected by us and is subject to a floor, plus an applicable margin of to , based on the utilization of the Credit Facility. Interest on borrowings that bear interest at the SOFR are payable on the last day of the applicable interest period selected by us, and interest on borrowings that bear interest at the ABR are payable quarterly in arrears. 
 The Credit Facility is guaranteed by all our restricted domestic subsidiaries and is secured by first priority security interests on substantially all assets, including a mortgage on at least of the total value of the proved properties evaluated in the most recently delivered reserve reports, including any engineering reports relating to the crude oil and natural gas properties of our restricted domestic subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. 
 The Credit Facility contains customary representations and affirmative covenants. The Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, which, among other things, and subject to certain exceptions, including the suspension and/or modification of certain covenants in the event that we receive investment grade credit ratings, include restrictions on (i) liens, (ii) indebtedness, guarantees and other obligations, (iii) restrictions in agreements on liens and distributions, (iv) mergers or consolidations, (v) asset sales, (vi) restricted payments, (vii) investments, (viii) affiliate transactions, (ix) change of business, (x) foreign operations or subsidiaries, (xi) changes to organizational documents, (xii) use of proceeds from loans and letters of credit, (xiii) hedging transactions, (xiv) additional subsidiaries, (xv) changes in fiscal year or fiscal quarter, (xvi) prepayments of certain debt and other obligations, (xvii) sales or discounts of receivables, and (xviii) dividend payment thresholds. 
 In addition, we are subject to certain financial covenants under the Credit Facility, as tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter, including, without limitation, (a) a maximum ratio of our consolidated net indebtedness to earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, depletion, and amortization, exploration expense, and other non-cash charges permitted net leverage ratio of to 1.00, (b) a current ratio, inclusive of the unused commitments under the Credit Facility then available to be borrowed, to not be less than to 1.00, and (c) upon the achievement of investment grade credit ratings, a PV-9 coverage ratio of the net present value, discounted at per annum, of the estimated future net revenues expected in the proved reserves to our total net indebtedness of not less than to 1.00 PV-9 Coverage Ratio ). We were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and through the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Letters of credit Available borrowing capacity Total aggregate elected commitments 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unamortized deferred financing costs associated with amendments to the Credit Facility were million and million, respectively. Of the unamortized deferred financing costs, (i) million and million are presented within other noncurrent assets on the accompanying balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and (ii) million and million are presented within prepaid expenses and other on the accompanying balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Deferred Acquisition Consideration 
 The Vencer Acquisition included deferred consideration of million to be paid in cash on or before January 3, 2025. We discounted this obligation and recorded million as deferred acquisition consideration upon closing and are amortizing the discount to interest expense in the accompanying statements of operations until the payment is made. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid million of this deferred consideration, which is recorded as a cash outflow within the acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows statements of cash flows ). million of deferred consideration remains to be paid on or before January 3, 2025. 
 Interest Expense 
 million and million, respectively. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 includes million related to the amortization of deferred acquisition consideration associated with the Vencer Acquisition. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred interest expense of million and million, respectively. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes million related to the amortization of deferred acquisition consideration associated with the Vencer Acquisition. 
 
 NOTE 6 - 
 
 NOTE 7 - 
 shares of common stock for issuance under the 2024 LTIP. The 2024 LTIP supersedes and replaces all of our previous long-term incentive plans (the Prior Plans ), such that awards may not be granted under the Prior Plans subsequent to the adoption of the 2024 LTIP. Awards granted under the Prior Plans will remain subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Prior Plan. The Prior Plans and 2024 LTIP are collectively referred to herein as the LTIP. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Performance stock units Total stock-based compensation 
 2027 Performance stock units 2026 Total unrecognized stock-based compensation 
 Restricted Stock Units and Deferred Stock Units 
 We grant time-based restricted stock units RSUs to our officers, executives, and employees and time-based deferred stock units DSUs to our non-employee directors under the LTIP. Each RSU and DSU represents a right to receive share of our common stock after the RSU or DSU vests and is settled. RSUs generally vest ratably either over a one , two , or service period on each anniversary following the grant date. RSUs are settled in shares of our common stock shortly after vesting. DSUs generally vest over a period following the grant date. DSUs are settled in shares of our common stock upon the non-employee director s separation of service from our Board of Directors (our Board ). The grant-date fair value of RSUs and DSUs is equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, end of period 
 The aggregate grant-date fair value of the RSUs and DSUs granted under the LTIP during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 We grant market-based performance stock units PSUs to our officers and certain executives under the LTIP. The number of shares of our common stock issued to settle PSUs ranges from to (or, for PSUs granted prior to fiscal year 2023, of the number of PSUs granted and is determined based on performance achievement against certain market-based criteria over a performance period. PSUs generally vest on December 31 of the year preceding the third anniversary of the date of grant and settle by March 15 of the following year upon the determination and approval of performance achievement by the Compensation Committee of our Board. 
 Performance achievement is determined based on either, or a combination of, (1) our annualized absolute total stockholder return TSR or (2) for certain PSUs granted prior to fiscal year 2023, our absolute TSR relative to that of a defined peer group. Absolute TSR is determined based upon the change in our stock price over the performance period plus dividends paid. For awards with a relative TSR component, our absolute TSR is compared with the absolute TSRs of a group of peer companies over the performance period. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (1) 
 Additional shares based on performance (2) 
 Vested (2) 
 ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, end of period (1) 
 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The number of awards assumes that the associated performance condition is met at the target amount (multiplier of ). The final number of shares of our common stock issued may vary depending on the performance multiplier, which ranges from to (or, for PSUs granted prior to fiscal year 2023, ), depending on the level of satisfaction of the performance condition. 
 (2) Upon completion of the performance period for the PSUs granted in 2021, a performance achievement of or , as applicable, was applied to each of the grants, resulting in a number of shares greater than the target amount of such PSUs vesting and being settled during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The aggregate grant-date fair value of the PSUs granted under the LTIP during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 
 NOTE 8 - 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Derivative liabilities 
 Long-Term Debt 
 The portion of our long-term debt related to our Credit Facility, if any, approximates its fair value as it bears interest at a floating rate that approximates a current market rate. The portion of our long-term debt related to our Senior Notes is recorded at cost, net of any unamortized discount and deferred financing costs. The fair value of our Senior Notes is based on quoted market prices, and as such, is designated as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 2028 Senior Notes 2030 Senior Notes 2031 Senior Notes 
 Our deferred acquisition consideration was recorded in connection with the Vencer Acquisition using an estimated fair value discount at the time of the transaction based on quoted market prices from our debt as well as other inputs classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the deferred acquisition consideration approximated fair value. Refer to Note 5 - Debt for additional information. 
 Acquisitions and Impairments of Proved and Unproved Properties 
 We measure acquired assets or businesses at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and review our proved and unproved crude oil and natural gas properties for impairment using inputs that are not observable in the market and are therefore designated as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. The most significant fair value determinations for non-financial assets and liabilities are related to crude oil and natural gas properties acquired. Refer to Note 2 - Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded impairments of proved or unproved properties. Refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in our 2023 Form 10-K for information on our policies for determining fair value of proved and unproved properties and related impairment expense. 
 
 NOTE 9 - 
 21 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Natural gas contracts ) ) Total derivative cash settlement gain (loss), net 
 ) ) ) Change in fair value gain (loss) ) ) Total derivative gain (loss), net 
 ) ) 
 Weighted-Average Contract Price Collars NYMEX WTI Volumes Weighted-Average Ceiling Price Weighted-Average Floor Price Puts NYMEX WTI Volumes Weighted-Average Contract Price Natural Gas Derivatives (volumes in MMBtu/day and prices in /MMBtu) Swaps NYMEX HH Volumes Weighted-Average Contract Price Collars NYMEX HH Volumes Weighted-Average Ceiling Price Weighted-Average Floor Price Basis Protection Swaps WAHA Basis Volumes Weighted-Average Contract Price ) ) ) ) ) ) WAHA Index Volumes Weighted-Average Contract Price 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-Average Contract Price Collars 
 NYMEX WTI Volumes Weighted-Average Ceiling Price Weighted-Average Floor Price Natural Gas Derivatives (volumes in MMBtu/day and prices in /MMBtu) Basis Protection Swaps WAHA Index Volumes 
 Weighted-Average Contract Price ) 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities Fair Value 
 Our commodity price derivatives are measured at fair value and are included in the accompanying balance sheets as derivative assets and liabilities. Commodity contracts - noncurrent Total derivative assets Amounts not offset in the accompanying balance sheets ) ) Total derivative assets, net Derivative Liabilities: Commodity contracts - current ) ) Commodity contracts - long-term ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) Amounts not offset in the accompanying balance sheets Total derivative liabilities, net ) 

NOTE 10 - 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Additional liabilities incurred with development activities and other Additional liabilities incurred with acquisitions Liabilities settled ) Accretion expense Obligations discharged with divestitures 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Current portion (1) 
 Long-term portion ___________________________ 
 (1) The current portion of the asset retirement obligation is included in other liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets. 
 
 NOTE 11 - 
 to (or, for PSUs granted prior to fiscal year 2023, of PSUs granted based on the performance achievement over the applicable performance period. The number of potentially dilutive shares related to PSUs is based on the number of shares, if any, that would be issuable at the end of the respective reporting period, assuming that date was the end of the performance period applicable to such awards. 
 We have also issued warrants, which represent the right to purchase our common stock at a specified exercise price. The number of potentially dilutive shares related to the warrants is based on the number of shares, if any, that would be exercisable at the end of the respective reporting period, assuming that date was the end of such warrants term. Warrants are only dilutive when the average price of the common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price. The exercise price of our warrants was in excess of our stock price during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 ; therefore, they were excluded from the earnings per share calculation. 
 Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic Add: dilutive effect of stock awards Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted 
 There were and shares that were anti-dilutive for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were and shares that were anti-dilutive for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12 - 
 million, which continued to be recorded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, against certain acquired net operating losses and other tax attributes due to the limitation on realizability caused by the change of ownership provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We will continue to monitor facts and circumstances in the reassessment of the likelihood that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 The net deferred tax liability as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Additionally, income tax payable of million is included in other liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets as of September 30, 2024, and prepaid income taxes of million is included in prepaid expenses and other on the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2023. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively. Income tax expense differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory United States federal income tax rate of 21 to income from operations before income taxes due to the effect of state income taxes, excess tax benefits and deficiencies on stock-based compensation awards, tax limitations on compensation of covered individuals, tax credits, and other permanent differences. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense was additionally impacted by deferred tax benefits from state apportionment changes as a result of the Vencer Acquisition. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, income tax expense was additionally impacted by deferred tax benefits from state apportionment changes as a result of the Hibernia and Tap Rock acquisitions. 
 We had unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We do not believe that there are any new items or changes in facts or judgments that would impact our tax position taken thus far in 2024. 
 In 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law. Among other provisions, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax Corporate AMT for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote various energy efficient initiatives. We are evaluating the potential impact of the Corporate AMT on our current income tax expense and income taxes payable; however, we currently do not believe this will materially affect our income taxes paid for the 2024 tax year. 

NOTE 13 - 
 Cash paid for interest ) ) Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: Changes in working capital related to capital expenditures ) ) 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 - 
 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or through block trades, derivative transactions, or purchases made in accordance with Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The new stock repurchase program replaced our prior stock repurchase program, which was terminated in connection with the adoption of the new stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program does not have a termination date, does not require any specific number of shares to be acquired, and can be modified or discontinued by our Board at any time. 
 We record stock repurchases at cost, which includes transaction costs that are direct and incremental to the repurchase, as a reduction to stockholders equity. As part of the transaction costs that are direct and incremental to the repurchase and, subject to netting against the fair value of stock issuances, we record a 1 excise tax with the corresponding liability recorded within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying balance sheets. Any excess of cost over the par value is charged to additional paid-in-capital on a pro-rata basis, with any remaining cost charged to retained earnings. 
 Vencer Other transactions 
 Total stock repurchases 2023 Privately negotiated transactions 
 CPPIB Crestone Peak Resources Canada Inc. 
 Other transactions 
 Total stock repurchases 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Excludes commissions paid and excise taxes accrued related to stock repurchases. 
 These stock repurchases were funded from our cash on hand, and the shares were immediately retired. As of September 30, 2024, million remained available under the program for repurchase of our outstanding common stock. 
 Dividends 
 As approved by our Board, cash dividends are paid quarterly and consist of a base and variable component. Beginning in the third quarter of 2024, variable cash dividends are equal to of Adjusted Free Cash Flow for the preceding twelve-month period and pro forma for all acquisition and divestiture activity, after the base cash dividend, less any stock repurchases allocated to the quarter for which the dividend is declared, assuming pro forma compliance with certain leverage targets under our debt agreements. Future dividend payments must be approved by our Board and will depend on our liquidity, financial requirements, and other factors considered relevant by our Board. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Second quarter Third quarter 
 2023 First quarter Second quarter Third quarter 
 
 All RSUs, DSUs, and PSUs receive a dividend equivalent per unit, recognized as a liability included in other liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets until the recipients receive the dividend equivalents. Refer to Note 7 - Stock-Based Compensation for further discussion around our LTIP. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our 2023 Form 10-K , as well as with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Further, we encourage you to review the Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 
 
 Executive Summary 
 We are an independent exploration and production company focused on the acquisition, development, and production of crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas from our premier assets in the DJ Basin in Colorado and the Permian Basin in Texas and New Mexico. Our proven business model to maximize stockholder returns is focused on four key strategic pillars: generating significant free cash flow, maintaining a premier balance sheet, returning capital to our stockholders, and demonstrating ESG leadership. 
 
 Financial and Operating Results 
 Our financial and operational results for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total sales volumes increased 3 when compared to the second quarter of 2024; average sales volumes per day increased to 348 MBoe/d compared to 343 MBoe/d during the second quarter of 2024; 
 Cash dividends declared of 144.9 million, or 1.52 per share; 
 Repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of our common stock totaling 78.0 million at a weighted average price of 58.01; 
 Net income of 295.8 million, or 3.01 per diluted share; 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 835.0 million compared to 359.6 million during the second quarter of 2024. Adjusted Free Cash Flow (1) was 366.3 million compared to 235.4 million in the second quarter of 2024; and 
 Capital expenditures in drilling, completions, facilities, land, midstream assets, and other were 438.4 million. 
 Our financial and operational results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total sales volumes increased 81 for the first nine months of 2024 when compared to the first nine months of 2023; average sales volumes per day increased to 342 MBoe/d compared to 190 MBoe/d during the first nine months of 2023, in each case, primarily as a result of the Hibernia, Tap Rock, and Vencer acquisitions; 
 Cash dividends declared of 444.0 million, or 4.47 per share; 
 Repurchased approximately 4.1 million shares of our common stock totaling 269.9 million at a weighted average price of 65.18; 
 Net income of 687.6 million or 6.88 per diluted share; 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 2.0 billion compared to 1.4 billion during the first nine months of 2023. Adjusted Free Cash Flow (1) was 747.4 million compared to 581.3 million during the first nine months of 2023; and 
 Capital expenditures in drilling, completions, facilities, land, midstream assets, and other were 1.7 billion . 
 
 (1) Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Reconciliation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow to Cash Provided by Operating Activities and Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional discussion. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Transaction 
 On January 2, 2024, we closed the Vencer Acquisition. The Vencer Acquisition included approximately 44,000 net acres in the Midland Basin and certain related crude oil and natural gas assets with average production of approximately 49 MBoe/d in exchange for aggregate consideration of approximately 1.0 billion in cash, 7.2 million shares of our common stock paid at the closing of the Vencer Acquisition, and 550.0 million in cash to be paid on or before January 3, 2025, inclusive of, customary post-closing adjustments. In May and July 2024, we made two early payments totaling 75.0 million towards the deferred consideration, leaving a remaining balance of 475.0 million. The initial cash portion of the acquisition was funded by cash on hand and the issuance of our 2030 Senior Notes for an aggregate principal amount of 1.0 billion. Refer to Note 2 - Acquisitions and Divestitures under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion. 
 Commodity Prices and Certain Other Market Conditions 
 The crude oil and natural gas industry is cyclical and commodity prices are inherently volatile. Commodity prices in 2024 continue to be impacted by various macro-economic factors influencing the balance of supply and demand. From January through April 2024, pricing for crude oil rebounded when compared to declining pricing in the fourth quarter of 2023. The rebound was a result of concerns over lower oil supply driven by uncertainties around political conditions in or affecting other crude oil producing countries, including the Israel-Palestine conflict. Additionally, in the first half of 2024, OPEC+ continued production cuts to seek to stabilize the crude oil market. Despite OPEC+ s efforts of reducing production, non-OPEC+ countries continue to have an impact on pricing by increasing overall output in the second and third quarter of 2024, including the U.S., albeit at a slower pace. Further, production increases are also anticipated from Saudi Arabia and Libya, signaling a possible end to OPEC+ s recent efforts to reduce production. These factors have led to declining monthly average crude oil prices to end the third quarter of 2024 at the lowest level seen in more than a year. 
 U.S. inflation rates during the first nine months of 2024 remained stable when compared to the last half of 2023, yet remain slightly higher than historical averages. Inflationary pressures can create economic slowdown and/or lead to a recession. A slowdown or recession can cause a decrease in short-term or longer-term demand for commodities, resulting in oversupply and potential for lower commodity prices. Lower prices and inflationary costs could impact our drilling program. The foregoing destabilizing factors have caused dramatic fluctuations in global financial markets and uncertainty about world-wide crude oil and natural gas supply and demand, which in turn has increased the volatility of crude oil and natural gas prices. 
 The below graph depicts monthly average NYMEX WTI crude oil and NYMEX HH natural gas price over the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. ____________________________ 
 (1) The average NYMEX WTI crude oil price for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was 75.09 and 80.57, respectively. The average NYMEX WTI crude oil price for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 77.54 and 77.39, respectively. 
 (2) The average NYMEX natural gas HH price for the three months ended three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was 2.16 and 1.89, respectively. The average NYMEX natural gas HH price for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 2.10 and 2.69, respectively. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 In light of uncertainty associated with crude oil and natural gas demand, future monetary policy relating to inflationary pressures, and governmental policies aimed at transitioning toward lower carbon energy, we cannot predict any future volatility in or levels of commodity prices or demand for crude oil and natural gas. 
 We receive a premium or discount to the benchmark WTI price for our crude oil production. The differential between the benchmark price and the price we receive can reflect adjustments for quality, location, and transportation. Our DJ Basin crude oil price includes a higher-grade quality differential and a transportation differential for delivery to Cushing, Oklahoma. Our Permian Basin crude oil price includes a transportation differential for delivery to Cushing, Oklahoma. During the first nine months of 2024, this differential was a premium to WTI. However, basis differentials can be volatile and can change at various times given their high correlation with market dynamics, supply and demand, and overall production. 
 Our natural gas production is typically sold at a discount to the benchmark NYMEX Henry Hub price. Our DJ Basin natural gas production is sold based on prices established for Colorado Interstate Gas CIG ), and our Permian Basin natural gas production is based on the Waha Hub in West Texas. Pricing we receive for our natural gas in both basins is correlated with the capacity of in-field gathering systems, compression, and processing facilities, as well as transportation pipelines out of the basins, of which are majority owned and operated by third parties. During the first nine months of 2024, the Waha Hub has experienced six months of negative pricing due to oversupply, seasonal maintenance, and limited pipeline capacity. We periodically enter into natural gas basis protection swaps to mitigate a portion of our exposure to adverse market changes. As a result of our natural gas derivative contracts, we recorded cash settlement gains of 29.3 million and 35.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion on our derivative contracts. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our product revenues, sales volumes, and average sales prices for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Percent Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Percent Change Revenues (in thousands): Crude oil sales 1,103,874 1,134,720 (3) 3,314,189 1,842,200 80 Natural gas sales 9,487 9,386 1 105,865 226,773 (53) NGL sales 158,014 167,426 (6) 490,609 279,117 76 Product revenue 
 1,271,375 1,311,532 (3) 3,910,663 2,348,090 67 Sales Volumes: Crude oil (MBbls) 14,628 14,136 3 42,974 24,613 75 Natural gas (MMcf) 55,476 54,415 2 164,205 90,635 81 NGL (MBbls) 8,153 7,996 2 23,416 12,062 94 Total sales volumes (MBoe) 32,027 31,201 3 93,758 51,781 81 Average Sales Prices (before derivatives): Crude oil (per Bbl) 75.46 80.27 (6) 77.12 74.85 3 Natural gas (per Mcf) 0.17 0.17 0.64 2.50 (74) NGL (per Bbl) 19.38 20.94 (7) 20.95 23.14 (9) Total (per Boe) 39.70 42.03 (6) 41.71 45.35 (8) Average Sales Prices (after derivatives) (1) : 
 Crude oil (per Bbl) 74.70 78.92 (5) 76.16 73.30 4 Natural gas (per Mcf) 0.70 0.29 141 0.86 2.43 (65) NGL (per Bbl) 19.38 20.94 (7) 20.95 23.14 (9) Total (per Boe) 40.27 41.63 (3) 41.65 44.48 (6) 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Average sale prices, after derivatives is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation of average sales price, before derivatives to average sales price, after derivatives, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales volumes by operating region for the periods presented: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Percent Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Percent Change Crude oil (MBbls) DJ Basin 6,502 6,174 5 19,330 21,578 (10) Permian Basin 8,126 7,962 2 23,644 3,035 Total 14,628 14,136 3 42,974 24,613 75 Natural gas (MMcf) DJ Basin 28,646 28,693 88,620 81,349 9 Permian Basin 26,830 25,722 4 75,585 9,286 Total 55,476 54,415 2 164,205 90,635 81 NGL (MBbls) DJ Basin 3,386 3,335 2 10,222 10,481 (2) Permian Basin 4,767 4,661 2 13,194 1,581 Total 8,153 7,996 2 23,416 12,062 94 Total sales volumes (MBoe) DJ Basin 14,662 14,291 3 44,322 45,617 (3) Permian Basin 17,365 16,910 3 49,436 6,164 Total 32,027 31,201 3 93,758 51,781 81 Average sales volumes per day (MBoe/d) DJ Basin 159 157 1 162 167 (3) Permian Basin 189 186 2 180 23 Total 348 343 1 342 190 80 _____________________________ 
 Percent not meaningful 
 Product revenues remained relatively flat at 1.3 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. However, there was an underlying 6 decrease in crude oil equivalent pricing, excluding the impact of derivatives, partially offset by a 3 increase in total sales volumes. 
 Product revenues increased by 67 to 3.9 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.3 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an 81 increase in total sales volumes driven by the Hibernia, Tap Rock, and Vencer acquisitions. The increase was partially offset by an 8 decrease in crude oil equivalent pricing, excluding the impact of derivatives. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables set forth information regarding crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales prices, excluding the impact of commodity derivatives and production costs for the periods presented. Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Average Sales Price September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Percent Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Percent Change Crude Oil (Per Bbl) DJ Basin 74.95 79.24 (5) 75.91 73.39 3 Permian Basin 75.88 81.07 (6) 78.11 85.20 (8) Total 75.46 80.27 (6) 77.12 74.85 3 Natural Gas (Per Mcf) DJ Basin 1.57 1.42 11 1.80 2.63 (32) Permian Basin (1.32) (1.22) (8) (0.71) 1.37 (152) Total 0.17 0.17 0.64 2.50 (74) NGL (Per Bbl) DJ Basin 23.62 25.82 (9) 24.30 23.25 5 Permian Basin 16.37 17.45 (6) 18.36 22.39 (18) Total 19.38 20.94 (7) 20.95 23.14 (9) Production Cost (Per Boe) (1) 
 DJ Basin 4.33 3.96 9 4.10 4.04 1 Permian Basin 5.44 4.85 12 5.26 6.95 (24) Total 4.93 4.44 11 4.71 4.38 8 _____________________________ 
 (1) Represents lease operating expense and midstream operating expense per Boe using total sales volumes and excludes ad valorem and severance taxes. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our operating expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands, except per Boe amounts): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Percent Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Percent Change Operating Expenses: Lease operating expense 146,761 126,606 16 404,832 191,728 111 Midstream operating expense 11,225 11,939 (6) 36,725 35,041 5 Gathering, transportation, and processing 96,414 94,469 2 279,784 209,765 33 Severance and ad valorem taxes 87,262 101,913 (14) 291,081 188,242 55 Exploration 861 1,340 (36) 13,735 1,546 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 523,929 521,090 1 1,511,859 754,558 100 Transaction costs 140 7,877 (98) 30,737 60,077 (49) General and administrative expense 56,729 59,135 (4) 173,742 106,553 63 Other operating expense 2,114 1,458 45 11,138 5,255 112 Total operating expenses 925,435 925,827 2,753,633 1,552,765 77 Selected Costs per Boe): Lease operating expense 4.58 4.06 13 4.32 3.70 17 Midstream operating expense (1) 
 0.35 0.38 (8) 0.39 0.68 (43) Gathering, transportation, and processing 3.01 3.03 (1) 2.98 4.05 (26) Severance and ad valorem taxes 2.72 3.27 (17) 3.10 3.64 (15) Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 16.36 16.70 (2) 16.13 14.57 11 Transaction costs 0.25 (100) 0.33 1.16 (72) General and administrative expense 1.77 1.90 (7) 1.85 2.06 (10) Total selected operating expenses (per Boe) 28.79 29.59 (3) 29.10 29.86 (3) 
 _____________________________ 
 Percent not meaningful 
 (1) Our midstream assets relate primarily to our DJ Basin operations. If we were to exclude the production of our Permian Basin assets from this calculation, it would result in 0.07 per Boe, or a 8 decrease between the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 and 0.06 per Boe, or a 8 increase between the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Lease operating expense. Our lease operating expense increased 16 , to 146.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 126.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and increased 13 on an equivalent basis per Boe. The increase in lease operating expense, in total and on an equivalent basis per Boe, was mainly driven by increased (i) reclamation and remediation work in the DJ Basin, (ii) water disposal costs resulting from higher water volumes in the Permian Basin, and (iii) maintenance and workover optimizations in the Permian Basin. 
 Our lease operating expense increased 111 , to 404.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 191.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and increased 17 on an equivalent basis per Boe. The increase in lease operating expense was primarily the result of the Tap Rock, Hibernia, and Vencer acquisitions in the Permian Basin. The increase in lease operating expense per Boe was a result of the increased cost of operatorship in the Permian Basin relative to the DJ Basin. 
 Gathering, transportation, and processing. Gathering, transportation, and processing expense remained relatively flat at 96.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 94.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and similarly flat on an equivalent basis per Boe. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Gathering, transportation, and processing expense increased 33 , to 279.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 209.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 26 on an equivalent basis per Boe. All gathering, transportation, and processing contracts contain annual price escalations, which have contributed to the aggregate increase. For a significant portion of the midstream contracts assumed in the Hibernia, Tap Rock, and Vencer acquisitions, gathering, transportation, and processing costs are incurred subsequent to the transfer of control; thereby, these costs are recorded net within crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales. As a result, gathering, transportation, and processing expense per Boe decreased period over period. 
 Severance and ad valorem taxes. Severance taxes represent taxes imposed by the states in which we operate based on the value of the crude oil, natural gas, and NGL we produce. Ad valorem taxes represent taxes imposed by specific jurisdictions in which we operate based on the assessed value of our properties in that region. For our operations in Texas, the assessed value of our properties is determined using a discounted cash flow methodology. For our operations in Colorado and New Mexico, assessed value is determined by the value of the crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sold less various costs incurred for transportation and processing. 
 Our severance and ad valorem taxes decreased 14 , to 87.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 101.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and decreased 17 on an equivalent basis per Boe. Crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales decreased by 3 three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, thereby contributing to lower severance and ad valorem taxes on an absolute basis. Additional decreases in both total and on an equivalent basis per Boe resulted from a refinement of estimated severance and ad valorem taxes based upon updated mill levies in the taxing districts in which we operate. 
 Our severance and ad valorem taxes increased 55 , to 291.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 188.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 15 on an equivalent basis per Boe. Crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales increased by 67 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, resulting in higher severance and ad valorem taxes on an absolute basis. The decrease in severance and ad valorem taxes per Boe was primarily due to an increase in crude oil, natural gas, and NGL sales generated through the Hibernia and Vencer acquisitions in the state of Texas, which generally levies lower severance and ad valorem tax rates relative to the states of Colorado and New Mexico. 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization. Our depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense DD A remained flat at 523.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 521.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and similarly flat on an equivalent basis per Boe. 
 Our DD A increased 100 , to 1.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 754.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and increased 11 on an equivalent basis per Boe. Subsequent to September 30, 2023, we invested approximately 3.9 billion in the development and acquisition of crude oil and natural gas properties. The increase in total DD A expense was primarily due to an 81 increase in sales volumes between periods driven by the Hibernia, Tap Rock, and Vencer acquisitions. The increase in DD A expense per Boe was due to an increase in the depletion rate driven by a greater increase in the depletable property base in proportion to proved reserves. 
 Transaction costs. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and three months ended June 30, 2024, we incurred nominal transaction costs due to a lack of acquisition or divestiture activity. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 30.7 million in legal, advisor, and other costs associated with the Vencer Acquisition and subsequent integration, in addition to our efforts to divest of certain non-core assets in the DJ Basin. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 60.1 million in short-term financing fees as well as legal, advisor, and other costs associated with the Hibernia and Tap Rock acquisitions. 
 Refer to Note 2 - Acquisitions and Divestitures under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion over our acquisitions. 
 General and administrative expense. Our general and administrative expense remained relatively flat at 56.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 59.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Our general and administrative expense increased 63 , to 173.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 106.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 10 on an equivalent basis per Boe. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to the addition of operations in the Permian Basin, significantly driven by an increase in headcount. General and administrative expense per Boe decreased due to an 81 increase in sales volumes. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Derivative gain (loss). Our derivative gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 151.0 million, as compared to a gain of 7.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. Our derivative gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was due to fair market value adjustments resulting from lower market prices relative to our open positions and cash settlement gains. Our derivative gain for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was due to fair market value adjustments resulting from lower market prices relative to our open positions, partially offset by cash settlement losses. 
 Our derivative gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 48.9 million, and our derivative loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 120.6 million. Our derivative gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to fair market value adjustments resulting from lower market prices relative to our open positions, partially offset by cash settlement losses. Our derivative loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to fair market value adjustments resulting from higher market prices relative to our open positions and cash settlement losses. 
 Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion. 
 Interest expense. Our interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was 117.8 million and 114.9 million, respectively. Average debt outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was 5.1 billion and 4.9 billion, respectively. 
 Our interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 342.4 million and 92.7 million, respectively. The increase in interest expense was attributable to the debt issued in conjunction with the financing of the Hibernia, Tap Rock, and Vencer acquisitions. Average debt outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 4.8 billion and 2.3 billion, respectively. The components of interest expense for the periods presented are as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Senior Notes 84,376 84,360 253,095 74,081 Credit Facility 17,983 15,654 44,853 8,613 Commitment and letter of credit fees under the Credit Facility 1,208 1,335 4,156 4,086 Amortization of deferred financing costs and deferred acquisition consideration 
 13,538 13,044 38,927 5,706 Finance lease and other 
 655 504 1,412 183 Total interest expense 117,760 114,897 342,443 92,669 
 Income tax expense . Our effective tax rate differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory United States federal income tax rate of 21 to income before income taxes due to the effect of state income taxes, excess tax benefits and deficiencies on stock-based compensation awards, tax limitations on compensation of covered individuals, tax credits, and other permanent differences. Refer to Note 12 - Income Taxes under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional discussion. 
 Our income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was 93.3 million and 67.0 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 24.0 and 23.7 on pre-tax income, respectively. 
 Our income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 195.3 million and 139.1 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 22.1 and 22.4 on pre-tax income, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, income tax expense was additionally impacted by deferred tax benefits from the state apportionment changes as a result of the Vencer Acquisition. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, income tax expense was additionally impacted by deferred tax benefits from state apportionment changes as a result of the Hibernia and Tap Rock acquisitions. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash flows from operating activities, available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility, potential proceeds from equity and/or debt capital markets transactions, potential proceeds from sales of assets, and other sources. We may use our available liquidity for operating activities, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt reduction, the return of capital to stockholders, and for general corporate purposes. 
 Our primary source of cash flows from operating activities is the sale of crude oil, natural gas, and NGL. As such, our cash flows are subject to significant volatility due to changes in commodity prices, as well as variations in our sales volumes. The prices for these commodities are driven by a number of factors beyond our control, including global and regional product supply and demand, the impact of inflation and monetary policy, weather, product distribution, transportation, processing, and refining capacity, regulatory constraints, and other supply chain dynamics, among other factors. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our liquidity was 1.44 billion, consisting of cash on hand of 47.1 million and 1.40 billion of available borrowing capacity on our Credit Facility. Borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility is primarily based on the value assigned to the proved reserves attributable to our crude oil and natural gas interests. As of November 6, 2024, the available borrowing capacity on our Credit Facility was 1.35 billion. Our Credit Facility is set to mature in August 2028, with the next scheduled borrowing base redetermination date to occur in November 2024, subsequent to the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The Credit Facility contains customary representations and various affirmative and negative covenants as well as certain financial covenants, including (a) a permitted net leverage ratio of not greater than 3.00 to 1.00, (b) a current ratio, inclusive of the unused commitments under the Credit Facility then available to be borrowed, of not less than 1.00 to 1.00, and (c) upon the achievement of investment grade credit ratings, a PV-9 Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.50 to 1.00. We were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024, and through the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Refer to Note 5 - Debt in Part I, Item 1 for additional information. 
 Our material short-term cash requirements include: operating activities, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, dividends, and payments of contractual obligations, including the payment of the remaining portion of the deferred consideration due with respect to the Vencer Acquisition. Our material long-term cash requirements from various contractual and other obligations include: debt obligations and related interest payments, firm transportation and minimum volume agreements, taxes, asset retirement obligations, and leases. Refer to Part I, Item 1 for additional information. Our future capital requirements, both near-term and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, commodity prices, market conditions, our available liquidity and financing, acquisitions and divestitures of crude oil and natural gas properties, the availability of drilling rigs and completion crews, the cost of completion services, success of drilling programs, land and industry partner issues, weather delays, the acquisition of leases with drilling commitments, and other factors. We regularly consider which resources, including debt and equity financing, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditures, and liquidity requirements. 
 Funding for these requirements may be provided by any combination of the sources of liquidity outlined above. We expect our 2024 capital program to be funded by cash flows from operations. Although we cannot provide any assurance, based on our projected cash flows from operations, our cash on hand, and available borrowing capacity on our Credit Facility, we believe that we will have sufficient capital available to fund these requirements through the 12-month period following the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and based on current expectations, the long-term. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows and other financial measures for the periods indicated (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,007,158 1,395,572 Net cash used in investing activities (2,400,185) (4,496,863) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (686,713) 2,428,585 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 47,075 95,428 Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (905,096) (3,650,491) Acquisitions of crude oil and natural gas properties (24,344) (60,975) Capital expenditures for drilling and completion activities and other fixed assets (1,632,107) (782,119) 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Our net cash flows from operating activities are primarily impacted by commodity prices, sales volumes, net settlements from our commodity derivative positions, operating costs, and general and administrative expenses. Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 611.6 million to 2.0 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.4 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase between periods was primarily due to higher net operating cash flows from the Hibernia, Tap Rock, and Vencer acquisitions. This increase was partially offset by a 317.7 million increase in cash paid for interest and a 312.4 million decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily due to the reduction of ad valorem tax liability and the timing of oil and natural gas revenue distributions payable. See Results of Operations above for more information on other factors driving these changes. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 2.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of (i) capital expenditures for drilling and completion activities and other fixed assets of 1.6 billion in the DJ Basin and Permian Basin, (ii) acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired of 905.1 million, and (iii) acquisitions of crude oil and natural gas properties of 24.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from property transactions of 163.3 million in the DJ Basin. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 4.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily the result of (i) acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired of 3.7 billion, (ii) capital expenditures for drilling and completion activities and other fixed assets of 782.1 million, and (iii) acquisitions of crude oil and natural gas properties of 61.0 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 686.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of (i) dividends paid of 446.2 million; (ii) the repurchase and retirement of common stock of 269.9 million; and (iii) the payment of employee tax withholdings in exchange for the return of common stock of 11.6 million, partially offset by net draws on the Credit Facility of 50.0 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 2.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the issuance of an aggregate principal amount of 2.7 billion from our 2028 Senior Notes and our 2031 Senior Notes, net draws on the Credit Facility of 650.0 million, partially offset by (i) dividends paid of 511.0 million, (ii) the repurchase and retirement of common stock of 320.4 million, (iii) the payment of deferred financing costs of 42.9 million, and (iv) the payment of employee tax withholdings in exchange for the return of common stock of 13.3 million. 
 Material Commitments 
 There have been no significant changes from our 2023 Form 10-K in our obligations and commitments, other than what is disclosed within Note 6 - Commitments and Contingencies under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDAX 
 Adjusted EBITDAX is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that represents earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, depletion, and amortization, exploration expense, and other non-cash and non-recurring charges. Adjusted EBITDAX excludes certain items that we believe affect the comparability of operating results and can exclude items that are generally non-recurring in nature or whose timing and/or amount cannot be reasonably estimated. We present Adjusted EBITDAX because we believe it provides useful additional information to investors and analysts, as a performance measure, for analysis of our ability to internally generate funds for exploration, development, acquisitions, and to service debt. We are also subject to financial covenants under our Credit Facility based on Adjusted EBITDAX ratios. In addition, Adjusted EBITDAX is widely used by professional research analysts and others in the valuation, comparison, and investment recommendations of companies in the crude oil and natural gas exploration and production industry. Adjusted EBITDAX should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income, net cash provided by operating activities, or other profitability or liquidity measures prepared under GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDAX excludes some, but not all items that affect net income and may vary among companies, the Adjusted EBITDAX amounts presented may not be comparable to similar metrics of other companies. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the GAAP financial measure of net income to the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDAX (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 
 2024 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income 295,803 215,989 687,613 481,420 Exploration 861 1,340 13,735 1,546 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 523,929 521,090 1,511,859 754,558 Unused commitments (1) 
 1,117 608 498 3,946 Transaction costs 140 7,877 30,737 60,077 Stock-based compensation (2) 
 12,661 12,262 36,122 25,577 Derivative (gain) loss, net (151,029) (7,578) (48,927) 120,574 Derivative cash settlements gain (loss), net 
 18,195 (12,752) (5,712) (44,907) Interest expense 117,760 114,897 342,443 92,669 Interest income (3) 
 (2,650) (2,650) (8,724) (28,172) Loss on property transactions, net 1,430 254 Income tax expense 93,309 66,993 195,321 139,138 Adjusted EBITDAX 910,096 918,076 2,756,395 1,606,680 _________________________ 
 (1) Included as a portion of other operating expense in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 (2) Included as a portion of general and administrative expense in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 (3) Included as a portion of other income in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 Reconciliation of Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities and less exploration and development of crude oil and natural gas properties, changes in working capital related to capital expenditures, and purchases of carbon credits. We believe that Adjusted Free Cash Flow provides additional information that may be useful to investors and analysts in evaluating our ability to generate cash from our existing crude oil and natural gas assets to fund future exploration and development activities and to return cash to stockholders. Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a supplemental measure of liquidity and should not be viewed as a substitute for cash flows from operations because it excludes certain required cash expenditures. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the GAAP financial measure of net cash provided by operating activities to the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted Free Cash Flow (in thousands): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 835,038 359,568 2,007,158 1,395,572 Add back: Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net (28,270) 444,252 398,549 86,173 Cash flow from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities 806,768 803,820 2,405,707 1,481,745 Less: Cash paid for capital expenditures for drilling and completion activities and other fixed assets 
 (541,410) (519,120) (1,632,107) (782,119) Less: Changes in working capital related to capital expenditures 103,021 (47,389) (22,323) (112,454) Capital expenditures 
 (438,389) (566,509) (1,654,430) (894,573) Less: Purchases of carbon credits and renewable energy credits (2,032) (1,886) (3,918) (5,864) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 366,347 235,425 747,359 581,308 
 Reconciliation of average sales price, after derivatives 
 Average sales price, after derivatives is a non-GAAP financial measure that incorporates the net effect of derivative cash receipts from or payments on commodity derivatives that are presented in our accompanying statements of cash flows, netted into the average sales price, before derivatives, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We believe that the presentation of average sales price, after derivatives is a useful means to reflect the actual cash performance of our commodity derivatives for the respective periods and is useful to management and our stockholders in determining the effectiveness of our price risk management program. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the GAAP financial measure of average sales price, before derivatives to the non-GAAP financial measure of average sales prices, after derivatives for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average crude oil sales price (per Bbl) 
 75.46 80.27 77.12 74.85 Effects of derivatives, net (per Bbl) (1) 
 (0.76) (1.35) (0.96) (1.55) Average crude oil sales price (after derivatives) (per Bbl) 
 74.70 78.92 76.16 73.30 Average natural gas sales price (per Mcf) 
 0.17 0.17 0.64 2.50 Effects of derivatives, net (per Mcf) (1) 
 0.53 0.12 0.22 (0.07) Average natural gas sales price (after derivatives) (per Mcf) 
 0.70 0.29 0.86 2.43 Average NGL sales price (per Bbl) 
 19.38 20.94 20.95 23.14 Effects of derivatives, net (per Bbl) (1) 
 Average NGL sales price (after derivatives) (per Bbl) 
 19.38 20.94 20.95 23.14 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Derivatives economically hedge the price we receive for crude oil, natural gas, and NGL. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the derivative cash settlement loss for crude oil was 11.1 million, and the derivative cash settlement gain for natural gas was 29.3 million. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, the derivative cash settlement loss for crude oil was 19.2 million, and the derivative cash settlement gain for natural gas was 6.4 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the derivative cash settlement loss for crude oil was 41.4 million, and the derivative cash settlement gain for natural gas was 35.7 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the derivative cash settlement loss for crude oil and natural gas was 38.0 million and 6.9 million, respectively. We did not hedge the price we receive for NGL during the periods presented. Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional disclosures. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the 2023 Form 10-K for any recently issued or adopted accounting standards. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Information regarding our critical accounting estimates is contained in Part II, Item 7 of our 2023 Form 10-K . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes in the application of critical accounting policies. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Crude Oil and Natural Gas Price Risk 
 Our financial condition, results of operations, and capital resources are highly dependent upon the prevailing market prices of crude oil and natural gas. These commodity prices are subject to wide fluctuations and market uncertainties due to a variety of factors that are beyond our control. Factors influencing crude oil and natural gas prices include the level of global demand for crude oil and natural gas, the global supply of crude oil and natural gas, the establishment of and compliance with production quotas by crude oil exporting countries, weather conditions which impact the supply and demand for crude oil and natural gas, the price and availability of alternative fuels, local and global politics, and overall economic conditions. It is impossible to predict future crude oil and natural gas prices with any degree of certainty. Sustained weakness in crude oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and may also reduce the amount of crude oil and natural gas reserves that we can produce economically. Any reduction in our crude oil and natural gas reserves, including reductions due to price fluctuations, can have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain capital for our exploration and development activities. Similarly, any improvements in crude oil and natural gas prices can have a favorable impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and capital resources. 
 Commodity Price Derivative Contracts 
 Our primary commodity risk management objective is to protect our balance sheet. We periodically enter into commodity derivative contracts to mitigate a portion of our exposure to potentially adverse market changes in commodity prices for our expected future crude oil and natural gas production and the associated impact on cash flows. Our commodity derivative contracts consist of swaps, collars, basis protection swaps, and puts. Upon settlement of the contract(s), if the relevant market commodity price exceeds our contracted swap price, or the collar s ceiling strike price, we are required to pay our counterparty the difference for the volume of production associated with the contract. Generally, this payment is made up to 15 business days prior to the receipt of cash payments from our customers. This could have an adverse impact on our cash flows for the period between derivative settlements and payments for revenue earned. While we may reduce the potential negative impact of lower commodity prices, we may also be prevented from realizing the benefits of favorable price changes in the physical market. Refer to Note 9 - Derivatives under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for summary derivative activity tables. 
 Interest Rates 
 As of September 30, 2024 and November 6, 2024, we had 800.0 million and 850.0 million, respectively, outstanding under our Credit Facility. Borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate that is tied to the ABR or SOFR, plus the applicable margin, at our option. Any increases in these interest rates can have an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. As of September 30, 2024, and through the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to counterparty credit risk associated with our derivative activities. As of September 30, 2024 and November 1, 2024, our derivative contracts have been executed with 15 counterparties, all of which are members of the Credit Facility lender group and have investment grade credit ratings. However, if our counterparties fail to perform their obligations under the contracts, we could suffer financial loss. 
 We are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our crude oil and natural gas receivables with certain significant customers. The inability or failure of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results. We review the credit rating, payment history, and financial resources of our customers, but we do not require our customers to post collateral. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Marketability of Our Production 
 The marketability of our production depends in part upon the availability, proximity, and capacity of third-party refineries, access to regional trucking, pipeline and rail infrastructure, natural gas gathering systems, and processing facilities. We deliver crude oil and natural gas produced through trucking services, pipelines, and rail facilities that we do not own. The lack of availability or capacity on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties. 
 A portion of our production may also be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous other reasons, including as a result of accidents, weather, field labor issues or strikes, or we might voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted at the same time, it could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers and internal audit function, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. To assist management, we have established an internal audit function to verify and monitor our internal controls and procedures. Our internal control system is supported by written policies and procedures, contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and is audited by the internal audit function. Appropriate actions are taken by management to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information regarding our legal proceedings can be found in Note 6 - Commitments and Contingencies under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Disclosure of certain environmental matters is required when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and the proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that we reasonably believe could exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K, we have elected to apply a threshold of 1.0 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. Applying this threshold, we are not aware of any such proceedings required to be disclosed for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business faces many risks. Any of the risk factors discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or our other SEC filings could have a material impact on our business, financial position, or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operation. For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the risk factors identified in Part I, Item 1A in our 2023 Form 10-K , together with other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports and materials we may subsequently file with the SEC. We have identified these risk factors as important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any written or oral forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 The following table provides information about our purchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (2) 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) 
 Maximum Dollar Value that May Yet be Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (in thousands) (3) 
 July 1, 2024 July 29, 2024 805 69.63 287,956 July 30, 2024 July 31, 2024 500,000 August 1, 2024 August 31, 2024 923,733 60.14 884,542 447,038 September 1, 2024 September 30, 2024 461,860 54.39 459,502 422,038 Total 1,386,398 58.23 1,344,044 422,038 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Purchases outside of the stock repurchase program represent shares withheld from officers, former officers, executives, and employees for the payment of personal income tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock awards. The withheld shares are not considered common stock repurchased under the stock repurchase program. 
 (2) Excludes commissions paid and excise taxes accrued related to stock repurchases. 
 (3) In February 2023, our Board authorized the stock repurchase program pursuant to which we were authorized, from time to time, to acquire shares of our common stock in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or through block trades, derivative transactions, or purchases made in accordance with Rule 10b-18 and Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. On July 30, 2024, our Board authorized a new stock repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to 500 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, replacing our prior stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program does not have a termination date, does not require any specific number of shares to be acquired, and can be modified or discontinued by our Board at any time. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 2.1 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2023, by and among Vencer Energy, LLC, as seller, and Civitas Resources, Inc., as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Civitas Resources, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-35371, filed on October 4, 2023) 
 3.1 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Civitas Resources, Inc. 
 3.2 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Civitas Resources, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Civitas Resources, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-35371, filed on June 5, 2023) 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _________________________ 
 Certain of the schedules and exhibits to the agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation 
 S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 Filed or furnished herewith 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CIVITAS RESOURCES, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Chris Doyle Chris Doyle President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 By: /s/ Marianella Foschi Marianella Foschi Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 
 By: /s/ Kayla D. Baird Kayla D. Baird Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 

45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31120240930-doyle.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a 14(a) 
 I, Chris Doyle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Civitas Resources, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Chris Doyle Chris Doyle President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31220240930-foschi.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a 14(a) 
 I, Marianella Foschi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Civitas Resources, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Marianella Foschi Marianella Foschi Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32120240930-doyle.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Civitas Resources, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chris Doyle, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Chris Doyle Chris Doyle President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32220240930-foschi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Principle Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Civitas Resources, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marianella Foschi, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Marianella Foschi Marianella Foschi Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 civi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 civi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 civi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 civi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 civi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

