<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1683695_0001683695-24-000157.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7896246</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146898</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1434431</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2707580</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1894666</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1562435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683695-24-000157.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108073109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683695-24-000157
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			International Money Express, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001683695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				474219082
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37986
		FILM NUMBER:		241438015

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9100 SOUTH DADELAND BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33156
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3056718000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9100 SOUTH DADELAND BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33156

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fintech Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683695-24-000157.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 imxi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

imxi-20240930 
 
 Index 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. The registrant has no other class of common stock outstanding. 

Index 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 
 PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 

Index 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, as amended, which reflect our current views with respect to certain events that are not historical facts but could have an effect on our future performance, including but without limitation, statements regarding our plans, objectives, financial performance, business strategies, projected results of operations, and expectations of the Company. Such forward-looking statements include all statements regarding the Board s evaluation of strategic alternatives, including exploring options for a potential sale in a private transaction . 
 
 These statements may include and be identified by words or phrases such as, without limitation, would, will, should, expects, believes, anticipates, continues, could, may, might, plans, possible, potential, predicts, projects, forecasts, intends, assumes, estimates, approximately, shall, our planning assumptions, future outlook, currently, target, guidance, and similar expressions (including the negative and plural forms of such words and phrases). These forward-looking statements are based largely on information currently available to our management and on our current expectations, assumptions, plans, estimates, judgments, projections about our business and our industry, and macroeconomic conditions, and are subject to various risks, uncertainties, estimates, contingencies and other factors, many of which are outside our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 factors relating to our business, operations and financial performance, including: 
 risks and uncertainties as to the outcome and timing of the Board s strategic alternative evaluation process, including the possibility that the Board may decide not to undertake a strategic alternative following the evaluation process; the Company s inability to consummate any proposed strategic alternative resulting from the review due to, among other things, market, regulatory and other factors; the potential for disruption to our business resulting from the review process; and potential adverse effects on the Company s stock price from the announcement, suspension or consummation of the evaluation process and the results thereof; 
 loss of, or reduction in business with, key sending agents; 
 our ability to effectively compete in the markets in which we operate; 
 economic factors such as inflation, the level of economic activity, recession risks and labor market conditions, as well as volatility in market interest rates; 
 international political factors, including ongoing hostilities in Ukraine and the Middle East, political instability, tariffs, border taxes or restrictions on remittances or transfers from the outbound countries in which we operate or plan to operate; 
 volatility in foreign exchange rates that could affect the volume of consumer remittance activity and/or affect our foreign exchange related gains and losses; 
 public health conditions, responses thereto and the economic and market effects thereof; 
 consumer confidence in our brands and in consumer money transfers generally; 
 expansion into new geographic markets or product markets; 
 our ability to successfully execute, manage, integrate and obtain the anticipated financial benefits of key acquisitions and mergers; 
 new technology or competitors that disrupt the current money transfer and payment ecosystem, including the introduction of new digital platforms; 
 our success in developing, introducing and expanding customer acceptance of new products, digital services and infrastructure; 
 the ability of our risk management and compliance policies, procedures and systems to mitigate risk related to transaction monitoring; 
 consumer fraud and other risks relating to the authenticity of customers orders or the improper or illegal use of our services by consumers or sending agents; 
 cybersecurity-attacks or disruptions to our information technology, computer network systems, data centers and mobile devices apps; 
 our ability to maintain favorable banking and paying agent relationships necessary to conduct our business; 
 bank failures, sustained financial illiquidity, or illiquidity at the clearing, cash management or custodial financial institutions with which we do business; 
 changes to banking industry regulation and practice; 
 credit risks from our agents and the financial institutions with which we do business; 
 our ability to recruit and retain key personnel; 
 3 

Index 

 our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulatory requirements, including those intended to prevent use of our money remittance services for criminal activity, those related to data and cyber-security protection, and those related to new business initiatives; 
 enforcement actions and private litigation under regulations applicable to the money remittance services; 
 changes in immigration laws and their enforcement; 
 changes in tax laws in the countries in which we operate; 
 our ability to protect intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to satisfy our debt obligations and remain in compliance with our credit facility requirements; 
 the use of third-party vendors and service providers; 
 weakness in U.S. or international economic conditions; and 
 other economic, business and/or competitive factors, risks and uncertainties, including those described in the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as any additional factors that may be described in our other filings with the SEC from time to time. 
 All forward-looking statements that are made or attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 4 

Index 

 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except for share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid wires, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax asset, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt, net Accounts payable Wire transfers and money orders payable, net Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Debt, net Lease liabilities, net Deferred tax liability, net Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies, see Note 16 
 par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and Preferred stock par value; shares authorized, issued or outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) Treasury stock, at cost; and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Index 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except for share data, unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Wire transfer and money order fees, net Foreign exchange gain, net Other income Total revenues Operating expenses: Service charges from agents and banks Salaries and benefits Other selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Restructuring costs 
 Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Comprehensive income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Index 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except for share data, unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Issuance of common stock: Exercise of stock options Other stock awards, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Adjustment from foreign currency translation, net 
 ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Issuance of common stock: Exercise of stock options Other stock awards, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Fully vested shares Share-based compensation Adjustment from foreign currency translation, net 
 ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Index 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except for share data, unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Issuance of common stock: Exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Other stock awards, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Fully vested shares Share-based compensation Adjustment from foreign currency translation, net 
 ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income Issuance of common stock: Exercise of stock options Other stock awards, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Fully vested shares Share-based compensation Adjustment from foreign currency translation, net 
 Acquisition of treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Index 

INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands, unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Provision for credit losses Fair value of contingent consideration ) Debt origination costs amortization Loss on debt extinguishment 
 Deferred income tax benefit, net ) ) Non-cash lease expense Loss on disposal of property and equipment Total adjustments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Prepaid wires, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Wire transfers and money orders payable, net ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Cash used in business acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) ) Acquisition of agent locations ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of term loan facility ) ) Borrowings under revolving credit facility 
 Repayments under revolving credit facility 
 ) Debt origination costs ) ) (Payments) proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 ) Payments for stock-based awards 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Index 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 Contingent consideration liability Settlement of receivable balance from LAN Holdings Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Issuance of common stock for cashless exercise of options 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Index 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 
 Company-operated stores throughout those jurisdictions. 
 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company include International Money Express, Inc. and other entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has not incurred any losses on these uninsured foreign bank accounts. 
 
 In addition, a substantial portion of our paying agents are concentrated in a few large banks and financial institutions and large retail chains in Latin American countries. 
 
 10 

Index 

NOTE 2 
 of the issued and outstanding stock of a money services entity incorporated in the United Kingdom. This acquisition provides the Company the opportunity to enter into markets in which it did not have a presence previously, such as the ability to provide outbound remittance services from the United Kingdom. 
 
 The total consideration transferred by the Company in connection with the acquisition was approximately million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. 
 
 Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment 
 Other assets Total identifiable assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Debt 
 ) ) Total liabilities assumed ) ) Net identifiable assets acquired Consideration transferred Goodwill 
 
 The goodwill balance for this acquisition represents the estimated values of the Company s assembled workforce and synergies expected to be achieved from the combined operations of the acquired entity and the Company. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 The acquired entity's results of operations have been included in the Company's results of operations from the date of its acquisition. The Company s condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income includes thousand and thousand of revenue and net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from the acquired entity. 
 
 Restructuring costs 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded restructuring costs primarily related to certain of its foreign operations and La Nacional. These restructuring costs are part of the Company's plan, for which the objectives are to reorganize the workforce, streamline operational processes, integrate technology functionality, as well as to develop efficiencies within the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately thousand and million in expenses for a reduction of workforce in certain locations, closing of certain facilities, discontinuing technology and disposal of obsolete assets. These expenses 
 11 

Index 

 include approximately million in severance payments and related benefits, out of which thousand were incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, million in software and software development costs write-offs and million in legal and professional fees, which are included in restructuring costs in the condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. 
 Charges incurred 
 Payments 
 ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

NOTE 3 
 Discounts and promotions ) ) ) ) Wire transfer and money order fees, net Foreign exchange gain, net Other income Total revenues 
 
 There are significant initial costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers, although the Company has a loyalty program under which customers earn point for each wire transfer completed. Points can be redeemed for a discounted wire transaction fee or a foreign exchange rate that is more favorable to the customer. The customer benefits vary by country, and the earned points expire if the customer has not initiated and completed an eligible wire transfer transaction within the immediately preceding -day period under the revised terms and conditions of the loyalty program, which are effective starting on September 26, 2024. Prior to the modification, points expired if an eligible wire transfer transaction was not initiated within the immediately preceding 180-day period. In addition, earned points will expire days after the end of the program. Because the loyalty program benefits represent a future performance obligation, a portion of the initial consideration is recorded as deferred revenue loyalty program (see Note 9) and a corresponding loyalty program entry is recorded as contra revenue. Revenue from this performance obligation is recognized upon customers redeeming points or upon expiration of any points outstanding. 
 
 Except for the loyalty program discussed above, our revenues include only performance obligation, which is to collect the consumer s money and make funds available for payment, generally on the same day, to a designated recipient in the currency requested. 
 
 The Company also offers several other services, including money orders, and check cashing through its sending agents and Company-operated stores, for which revenue is derived from a fee per transaction. For substantially all of the Company s revenues, the Company acts as principal in the transactions and reports revenue on a gross basis, because the Company controls the service at all times prior to transfer to the customer, is primarily responsible for fulfilling the customer contracts, has the risk of loss and has the ability to establish transaction prices. 
 
 Wire transfers and money order fees include money order fees of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 12 

Index 

 NOTE 4 

Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Agent Advances Receivable 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net current Agent advances receivable, long-term Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net long-term 
 
 The net current portion of agent advances receivable is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets (see Note 5), and the net long-term portion is included in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million and million, respectively, of agent advances receivable collateralized by personal guarantees from sending agents and assets from their businesses in case of a default by the agent. 
 
 Between 1 and 2 years More than 2 years to 3 years 
 Total 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Provision Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Other ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 The allowance for credit losses allocated by financial instrument category is as follows (in thousands): 
 
 13 

Index 

 Agent advances receivable Allowance for credit losses 

NOTE 5 
 Prepaid fees and services Agent incentive advances 
 Agent advances receivable, net of allowance Prepaid income taxes Tenant allowance Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Agent incentive advances 
 Agent advances receivable, net of allowance Right-of-use assets, net Funds held by seized banking entities, net of allowance Fixed assets in process Other assets 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, fixed assets in process included approximately million in capital expenditures related to leasehold improvements and other assets in connection with our new headquarters (see Note 7). 
 
 Prior to 2022, local banking regulators in Mexico resolved to close and liquidate a local financial institution, citing a lack of compliance with minimum capital requirements. The Company has approximately million of exposure from deposits it held with this bank when it was closed. In accordance with the banking regulations in Mexico, large depositors such as the Company will be paid once the assets of the financial institution are liquidated. Currently, it is difficult to predict the length of the liquidation process or if the proceeds from the asset liquidation will be sufficient to recover any of the Company's funds on deposit. The Company maintains a valuation allowance of approximately million in connection with the balance of deposits held by the financial institution as a result of its closure. 

NOTE 6 
 years using an accelerated method that correlates with the projected realization of the benefit. The agent relationships intangible represents the network of independent sending agents; trade names refers to the Intermex, La Nacional and I-Transfer names, branded on all applicable agent locations and well recognized in the market; and developed technology includes the state-of-the-art system that the Company has continued to develop and improve over the past years. Other intangible assets relate to the acquisition of Company-operated stores, which are amortized on a straight line basis over years, and non-competition agreements, which are amortized over the length of the agreement, typically years. The determination of our intangible fair values includes several assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Management believes it has made reasonable estimates and judgments 
 14 

Index 

impairment charges were determined necessary to be recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Acquisition of entities 
 Acquisition of agent locations 
 Amortization expense ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

NOTE 7 
 million through the construction period, all of which has been disbursed through September 30, 2024. Also, the Company will commence making monthly lease payments on November 1, 2024. 
 
 Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating Accrued and other liabilities Noncurrent Operating Lease liabilities Total Lease liabilities 
 (1) Operating right-of-use assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 15 

Index 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s weighted-average remaining lease terms on its operating leases is and years, and the Company s weighted-average discount rate is and , respectively, which is the Company s incremental borrowing rate. The Company used its incremental borrowing rate for all leases, as none of the Company s lease agreements provide a readily determinable implicit rate. 
 
 Lease Payments 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

NOTE 8 
 Customer voided wires payable Money orders payable 
 
 Customer voided wires payable consist primarily of wire transfers that were not completed because the recipient did not collect the funds within days and the sender has not claimed the funds and, therefore, are considered unclaimed property. Unclaimed property laws of each state in the United States in which we operate, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico require us to track certain information for all of our money remittances and payment instruments and, if the funds underlying such remittances and instruments are unclaimed at the end of an applicable statutory abandonment period, require us to remit the proceeds of the unclaimed property to the appropriate jurisdiction. Applicable statutory abandonment periods range from three to . 
 
 16 

Index 

 NOTE 9 
 Accrued salaries and benefits Accrued bank charges Lease liability, current portion Accrued other professional fees Accrued taxes Deferred revenue loyalty program Contingent consideration liability Acquisition related liabilities Other 
 
 Revenue deferred during the period Revenue recognized during the period ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

Revenue recognized during the three and nine periods ended September 30, 2024 above of million and million, respectively, includes a million adjustment as a result of the changes in the terms and conditions of points expiration as described in Note 3. Also, it includes a million cumulative catch-up adjustment to remeasure the contract liability as a result of an update of the assumed expiration rate of the loyalty points outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

NOTE 10 
 Term loan facility Less: Current portion of long-term debt (1) 
 ) Less: Debt origination costs ) 
 (1) Current portion of long-term debt is net of debt origination costs of approximately million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Until August 28, 2024, the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries as borrowers and the other guarantors from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Loan Parties maintained an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the A R Credit Agreement with a group of banking institutions. The A R Credit Agreement provided for a million revolving credit facility, an million term loan facility and an uncommitted incremental facility, which may have been utilized for additional revolving or term loans, of up to million. The A R Credit Agreement also provided for the issuance of letters of credit, which would reduce availability under the revolving credit facility. The proceeds of the term loan were used to refinance the existing term loan facility under the Company s previous credit agreement, and the revolving credit facility was available for working capital, general corporate purposes and to pay fees and expenses in connection with entry into the A R Credit Agreement. 
 
 17 

Index 

 and an applicable margin ranging between and based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as calculated pursuant to the terms of the A R Credit Agreement. Loans (other than Term Loans, as defined in the A R Credit Agreement), were subject to interest at the base rate plus an applicable margin ranging between and based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as so calculated. The Company was also required to pay a fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility equal to per annum. 
 
 On August 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Second A R Credit Agreement with a group of banking institutions, which amended and restated in its entirety the A R Credit Agreement. The Second A R Credit Agreement provides for a new million, multi-currency, revolving credit facility and an uncommitted incremental facility, which may be utilized for additional term and revolving loans of up to million. The Second A R Credit Agreement also provides for the issuance of letters of credit, which would reduce availability under the revolving credit facility. The maturity date of the Second A R Credit Agreement is August 29, 2029. A portion of the initial borrowings under the new revolving credit facility were used to repay in full the remaining outstanding balance of the Company s term loan under the A R Credit Agreement and to pay the costs associated with establishing the new revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the Second A R Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes to support the Company s growth, as well as to fund share repurchases. 
 
 The unamortized portion of debt origination costs primarily related to the Second A R Credit Agreement totaled approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amortization of debt origination costs is included as a component of interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and amounted to approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization of debt origination costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately million related to the payoff of the term loan facility. 
 
 Under the Second A R Credit Agreement and at the election of the Company, interest on the revolving loans denominated in U.S. Dollars is determined by reference to either (i) the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), (ii) the daily simple SOFR or (iii) a defined base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin ranging from to for SOFR rate loans and from to for base rate loans based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as so calculated pursuant to the terms of the Second A R Credit Agreement. Interest on revolving loans denominated in Euros or Pounds Sterling is determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR or Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), in each case, plus an applicable margin ranging from to based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as so calculated. 
 
 The revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed from time to time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Second A R Credit Agreement. Interest is payable quarterly for base rate loans, daily simple SOFR loans, and daily simple SONIA loans, and on the expiration of the applicable interest period for term SOFR loans and EURIBOR loans. The Company also pays an annual commitment fee up to of the actual daily amount by which the maximum availability under the revolving credit facility exceeds the sum of the outstanding amount of revolving credit loans. 
 
 The effective interest rates for the term loan facility and revolving credit facility were and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Second A R Credit Agreement also provides the Company with increased flexibility to make certain restricted payments, including the repurchase shares of its common stock, without limitation so long as the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as of the then most recently completed four fiscal quarters, after giving pro forma effect to such restricted payments, is to 1.00 or less. In addition, the Company may make restricted payments that do not exceed in the aggregate during any fiscal year the greater of (i) million and (ii) of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement) for the then most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Company. 
 
 The Second A R Credit Agreement also contains customary covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, grant liens, incur additional indebtedness, make acquisitions or investments, dispose of certain assets, issue dividends and distributions (other than to the Company and certain of its subsidiaries), change the nature of their businesses, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, or amend the terms of material indebtedness, in each case subject to certain thresholds and exceptions. 
 Under the Second A R Credit Agreement, the Company is required to maintain a quarterly minimum interest coverage ratio of :1.00 and a quarterly maximum consolidated leverage ratio of with a step-up to in the quarter during which the Company completes a material acquisition, in each case, as computed in accordance with the terms of the Second A R Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 18 

Index 

NOTE 11 

NOTE 12 
 million shares of the Company s common stock approved for issuance under the 2020 Plan, which includes million shares that were previously subject to awards granted under the International Money Express, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the 2018 Plan and together with the 2020 Plan, the Plans ). Although awards remain outstanding under the 2018 Plan, which was terminated effective June 26, 2020, additional awards may be granted under the 2018 Plan. As of September 30, 2024, million shares remained available for future awards under the 2020 Plan. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Share-based compensation is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. The stock options issued under the Plans have -year terms and generally vest in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the date of the grant. The Company recognized compensation expense for stock options of approximately thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023 in the three months ended September 30, 2024), and thousand and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in salaries and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2024, there is no unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options. 
 
 19 

Index 

 Granted Exercised (1) 
 ) Forfeited Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 (2) 
 
 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 
 (2) The aggregate fair value of all vested/exercisable options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was million, which was determined based on the market value of our stock as of that date. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The RSUs granted under the 2020 Plan to the Company s employees or certain service providers generally vest in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the date of the grant, while RSUs issued to the Company s independent directors generally vest on the anniversary from the grant date. The Company recognized compensation expense for all RSUs of approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are included in salaries and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs of approximately million is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested (and settled) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding (nonvested) at September 30, 2024 
 (1) The aggregate fair value of all RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 
 
 Share Awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, fully vested shares were granted to the Lead Independent Director and Chairs of the Committees of the Board of Directors resulting in compensation expense of thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which is recorded and included in salaries and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Effective in the second quarter of 2024, the grant of share awards to certain of the Company's independent directors was replaced with the grant of RSAs as described below. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 The RSAs issued under the 2020 Plan to the Company s employees generally vest in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the date of grant, while RSAs issued to certain of the Company s independent directors vest at the end of the calendar quarter in which the grant is made. The Company recognized compensation expense for RSAs granted of million and 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in salaries and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of income 
 20 

Index 

 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to RSAs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited Outstanding (nonvested) at September 30, 2024 
 (1) The aggregate fair value of all RSAs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 PSUs granted under the 2020 Plan to the Company s employees generally vest subject to attainment of performance criteria during the service period established by the Compensation Committee. Each PSU represents the right to receive share of common stock, and the actual number of shares issuable upon vesting is determined based upon performance compared to financial performance targets. The PSUs vest based on the achievement of certain adjusted earnings per share targets for a period of up to combined with a service period of . Compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period when it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied. 
 
 The Company recognized compensation expense for PSUs of million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in salaries and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested Forfeited ) Outstanding (nonvested) at September 30, 2024 
 (1) The aggregate fair value of all PSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 

NOTE 13 
 million of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock and which was increased on March 3, 2023 to an additional million and on August 29, 2024 to an additional million of its outstanding shares (the Repurchase Program ). Under the Repurchase Program, the Company is authorized to repurchase shares from time to time in accordance with applicable laws, both on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions and may include the use of derivative contracts or structured share repurchase agreements. The timing and amount of repurchases depends on several factors, including market and business conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock and the nature of other investment opportunities. The Repurchase Program may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date. The Second A R Credit Agreement permits the Company to make restricted payments (including share repurchases, among others), (i) without limitation so long as the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement), as of the then most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Company, after giving pro forma effect to such restricted payments, is :1.00 or less, (ii) that do not exceed, in the aggregate during any fiscal year, the greater of (x) million and (y) of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Second A R 
 21 

Index 

 million per calendar year. 
 
 The Company accounts for purchases of treasury stock under the cost method. Any direct costs incurred to acquire treasury stock are considered stock issue costs and added to the cost of the treasury stock. Separately from the Repurchase Program, on March 11, 2024 the Company entered into an agreement with Robert W. Lisy, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors, for the purchase of shares of the Company's common stock for a total purchase price of million, in a privately-negotiated transaction. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, including the shares previously mentioned, the Company purchased shares and shares, respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased shares and shares for an aggregate purchase price of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million available for future share repurchases under the Repurchase Program. 

NOTE 14 
 Shares: Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities RSUs Stock options RSAs PSUs Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted Earnings per common share basic Earnings per common share diluted 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately thousand RSUs and thousand RSAs excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because, under the treasury stock method, the inclusion of these would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, there were approximately thousand PSUs, thousand RSUs and thousand RSAs excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because, under the treasury stock method, the inclusion of these would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 As discussed in Note 13, the Company repurchased shares and shares of its common stock in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The effect of these repurchases on the Company s weighted-average shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a reduction of shares and shares, respectively, due to the timing of the repurchases. 
 
 22 

Index 

 NOTE 15 
 U.S statutory tax rate Income tax expense at statutory rate State tax expense, net of federal benefit Foreign tax rates different from U.S. statutory rate 
 Non-deductible expenses Stock compensation ) ) ) ) Other Total income tax provision 
 
 Effective income tax rates for interim periods are based upon our current estimated annual rate. The Company s effective income tax rate varies based upon an estimate of taxable earnings as well as on the mix of taxable earnings in the various states and countries in which we operate. Changes in the annual allocation and apportionment of the Company s activity among these jurisdictions results in changes to the effective rate utilized to measure the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Our income tax provision includes the expected benefit of all deferred tax assets, including our net operating loss carryforwards. With certain exceptions, these net operating loss carryforwards will expire from 2030 through 2037 for federal losses, from 2029 through 2038 for state losses, and from 2039 through 2044 for foreign losses. After consideration of all evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that valuation allowance is required at September 30, 2024 on the Company s U.S. federal or state deferred tax assets; however, a valuation allowance has been recorded at September 30, 2024 on deferred tax assets associated with Canadian, Spanish, Italian, German, Dutch and British net operating loss carryforwards as these foreign subsidiaries have a history of incurring taxable losses in recent years. The valuation allowance will be maintained until sufficient positive evidence exists to support their future realization. Utilization of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards is subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and similar tax provisions in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 As presented in the income tax reconciliation above, the tax provision recognized on the condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was impacted by state taxes, non-deductible officer compensation and share-based compensation tax benefits, and foreign tax rates applicable to the Company s foreign subsidiaries that are higher or lower than the U.S. statutory rate. Our effective state tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was lower than our effective state tax rate for the three and nine ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in our effective state tax rate is primarily a result of a decrease in the statutory rates for certain states in which we operate. 

NOTE 16 
 states in the United States, U.S. territories and other countries. Money transmitters and their agents are under regulation by state and federal laws. Violations may result in civil or criminal penalties or a prohibition from providing money transfer services in a particular jurisdiction. It is the opinion of the Company s management, based on information available at this 
 23 

Index 

NOTE 17 

24 

Index 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes and MD A included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Risk Factors, which are incorporated in the MD A by reference. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional factors relating to such statements, and see Risk Factors in the documents that we have filed with or furnished to the SEC for a discussion of certain risk factors applicable to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Past operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results in any future periods. 

Overview 
 We are a leading omnichannel money remittance services company focused primarily on the United States of America United States or U.S. to Latin America and the Caribbean LAC corridor, which includes Mexico, Central and South America and the Caribbean. We also provide our remittances services to Africa and Asia from the United States and offer sending services from Canada to Latin America and Africa. Also, through recent acquisitions we now provide remittance services from Spain, Italy, the United Kingdom and Germany to Africa, Asia and Latin America. We utilize our proprietary technology to deliver convenient, reliable and value-added services to consumers through a broad network of sending and paying agents as well as our own Company-operated stores and paying entities. Our remittance services, which include a comprehensive suite of ancillary financial processing solutions and payment services, are available in all 50 states in the U.S., Washington D.C., Puerto Rico and 13 provinces in Canada, as well as in certain locations in Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom, where consumers can send money to beneficiaries in more than 60 countries in LAC, Africa and Asia. Our services are accessible in person through over 180,000 independent sending and paying agents and 117 Company-operated stores, as well as online and via Internet-enabled mobile devices. Additionally, our product and service portfolio include online payment options, pre-paid debit cards and direct deposit payroll cards, which may present different cost, demand, regulatory and risk profiles relative to our core money remittance business. 
 
 Money remittance services to LAC countries, mainly Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras and the Dominican Republic, are the primary source of our revenue. These services involve the movement of funds on behalf of an originating consumer for receipt by a designated beneficiary at a designated receiving location. Our remittances to LAC countries are primarily generated in the United States by consumers with roots in Latin American and Caribbean countries, many of whom do not have an existing relationship with a traditional full-service financial institution capable of providing the services we offer. We provide these consumers with flexibility and convenience to help them meet their financial needs. We believe many consumers who use our services may have access to traditional banking services, but prefer to use our services based on reliability, convenience and value. We generate money remittance revenue primarily from fees paid by consumers (i.e., the senders of funds), which we share with our sending agents in the originating country and our paying agents in the destination country. Remittances paid in local currencies that are not pegged to the U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar or Euro can also generate revenue if we are successful in our daily management of currency exchange spreads. 
 
 Our money remittance services enable consumers to send funds through our broad network of locations in the United States, Canada, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom that are primarily operated by third-party businesses, as well as through our Company-operated stores located in those jurisdictions. Transactions are processed and payment is collected by our agents sending agent(s) and those funds become available for pickup by the beneficiary at the designated destination, usually within minutes, at any Intermex payer location paying agent(s) ). We refer to our sending agents and our paying agents collectively as agents. In addition, our services are offered digitally through Intermexonline.com, online.i-transfer.es and via Internet-enabled mobile devices. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our agent network decreased by approximately 0.4 primarily as a result of a lower number of agents onboarded during the period relative to ordinary course agent terminations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, principal amount sent decreased slightly by approximately 0.2 to 18.3 billion, as compared to the same period in 2023, and total remittances processed were approximately 44.0 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.6 , as compared to the same period in 2023 primarily related to increased volume generated by our agent network, digital channels and European subsidiaries. 

Business Acquisition 
 Effective July 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of a money services entity incorporated in the United Kingdom. See Note 2 in Item 1 Financial Statements for additional information regarding the acquisition. This acquisition provides the Company the 
 opportunity to enter into markets in which it did not have a presence previously, such as the ability to provide outbound remittance services from the United Kingdom. 
 Restructuring costs 
 During the se cond quarter of 2024, the Company recorded restructuring costs primarily related to certain of its foreign operations and La Nacional. These restructuring costs are part of the Company's plan, for which the objectives are to reorganize the workforce, streamline operational processes, integrate technology functionality, as well as to develop efficiencies within the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately 27.0 thousand and 2.5 million in expenses for a reduction of workforce in certain locations, closing of certain facilities, discontinuing technology and disposal of obsolete assets. These expenses include approximately 1.7 million in severance payments and related benefits, 0.4 million in software and software development costs write-offs and 0.4 million in legal and professional fees, which are included in restructuring costs in the condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. 
 The Company has paid out 1.1 million of the above charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and has a liability of 1.4 million recorded in accrued and other liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 As a result of implementing this strategy, the Company expects to reduce compensation expense and certain facilities related charges in an amount of approximately 2.0 million a year. The anticipated effect of this reduction in expenses will be primarily realized during 2025. In addition, the Company does not expect that the execution of this strategy will result in any material reduction of revenues or increase of its ongoing operating expenses. 
 Recent development 
 On November 8, 2024, the Company announced that, consistent with the Board of Directors fiduciary duties, it is initiating a process to assess strategic alternatives, which could include, among others, a potential sale in a private transaction. There is no set deadline or definitive timetable for the completion of the strategic alternative assessment, and there can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result in any transaction or other action or change in the Company s business plans. Any potential transaction or other strategic alternative would be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond the Company s control. The Company does not intend to discuss or disclose further developments unless and until the Board of Directors approves a specific action or otherwise concludes the review of strategic alternatives. 

Key Factors and Trends Affecting our Business 
 Various trends and other factors have affected and may continue to affect our business, financial condition and operating results, including, but not limited to: 
 
 risks and uncertainties as to the outcome and timing of our Board of Director s strategic alternative evaluation process, including the possibility that the Board of Directors may decide not to undertake a strategic alternative following the evaluation process; the Company s inability to consummate any proposed strategic alternative resulting from the review due to, among other things, market, regulatory and other factors; the potential for disruption to our business resulting from the review process; and potential adverse effects on the Company s stock price from the announcement, suspension or consummation of the evaluation process and the results thereof; 
 
 loss of, or reduction in business with, key sending agents; 
 our ability to effectively compete in the markets in which we operate; 
 economic factors such as inflation, the level of economic activity, recession risks and labor market conditions, as well as volatility in market interest rates; 
 international political factors, including hostilities in Ukraine and the Middle East, political instability, tariffs, border taxes or restrictions on remittances or transfers from the outbound countries in which we operate or plan to operate; 
 volatility in foreign exchange rates that could affect the volume of consumer remittance activity and/or affect our foreign exchange related gains and losses; 
 public health conditions, responses thereto and the economic and market effects thereof; 
 consumer confidence in our brands and in consumer money transfers generally; 
 expansion into new geographic markets or product markets; 
 our ability to successfully execute, manage, integrate and obtain the anticipated financial benefits of key acquisitions and mergers; 
 25 

Index 

 new technology or competitors that disrupt the current money transfer and payment ecosystem, including the introduction of new digital platforms; 
 our success in developing, introducing and expanding customer acceptance of new products, digital services and infrastructure; 
 the ability of our risk management and compliance policies, procedures and systems to mitigate risk related to transaction monitoring; 
 consumer fraud and other risks relating to the authenticity of customers orders or the improper or illegal use of our services by consumers or our sending agents; 
 cybersecurity-attacks or disruptions to our information technology, computer network systems, data centers and mobile device apps; 
 our ability to maintain favorable banking and paying agent relationships necessary to conduct our business; 
 bank failures, sustained financial illiquidity, or illiquidity at the clearing, cash management or custodial financial institutions with which we do business; 
 changes to banking industry regulation and practice; 
 credit risks from our agents and the financial institutions with which we do business; 
 our ability to recruit and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulatory requirements including those intended to prevent use of our money remittance services for criminal activity, those related to data and cyber-security protection, and those related to new business initiatives; 
 enforcement actions and private litigation under regulations applicable to the money remittance services; 
 changes in immigration laws and their enforcement; 
 changes in tax laws in the countries we operate; 
 our ability to protect our brands and intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to satisfy our debt obligations and remain in compliance with our credit facility requirements; 
 the use of third-party vendors and service providers; and 
 
 weakness in U.S. or international economic conditions. 
 
 Political, social and economic conditions in key Latin American markets continue to exhibit instability, as evidenced by higher interest rates, high unemployment rates, restricted lending activity, higher inflation, volatility in foreign currencies and low consumer confidence, among other economic, political and market factors. Our business has generally been resilient during times of economic instability as money remittances are essential to many recipients, with the funds used by the receiving parties for their daily needs; however, long-term sustained appreciation of the Mexican peso or Guatemalan quetzal as compared to the U.S. dollar could negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 
 
 Trends in the cross-border money remittance business tend to correlate to immigration trends, global economic opportunity and related employment levels in certain industries such as construction, information technology, manufacturing, agriculture and hospitality, as well as other service industries. The three largest remittance corridors we serve are United States to Mexico, United States to Guatemala and Unites States to the Dominican Republic. According to the latest information available from the World Bank Remittance Matrix, the United States to Mexico remittance corridor was one of the largest in the world in 2023. Furthermore, remittances volume to low and middle income countries grew approximately 3.8 during 2023 according to the latest Migrations and Development Brief report from the World Bank. 
 
 Money remittance businesses have continued to be subject to strict legal and regulatory requirements, and we continue to focus on and regularly review our compliance programs. In connection with these reviews, and in light of regulatory complexity and heightened attention of governmental and regulatory authorities related to cybersecurity and compliance activities, we have made, and continue to make, enhancements to our processes and systems designed to detect and prevent cyber-attacks, consumer fraud, money laundering, terrorist financing, human trafficking and other illicit activities, along with enhancements to improve consumer protection, including the Dodd-Frank Act and similar regulations outside the United States. In coming periods, we expect these and future regulatory requirements will continue to result in changes to certain of our business and administrative practices and may result in increased costs. 
 We maintain compliance departments in the United States as well as in certain of our foreign subsidiaries, the responsibility of which is to monitor transactions, detect and report suspicious activity, maintain appropriate records and train our employees and agents. 
 26 

Index 

 Independent third-parties periodically review our policies and procedures and perform independent testing to assess the effectiveness of our anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act compliance programs. We also maintain a regulatory affairs and licensing department, under the direction of our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 The market for money remittance services is very competitive. Our competitors include a small number of large money remittance providers, financial institutions, banks, a large number of small niche money remittance service providers that serve select regions and new digital platforms and applications. We compete with larger companies, such as Western Union, MoneyGram, Remitly and Euronet, and a number of other smaller money services business MSB entities. We generally compete for money remittance agents on the basis of value, service, quality, technical and operational differences, commission structure and marketing efforts. As a philosophy, we sell credible solutions to our sending agents, not discounts or higher commissions, as is typical for the industry. We compete for money remittance customers on the basis of trust, convenience, service, efficiency of outlets, value, enhanced technology and brand recognition. 
 We have encountered and continue to expect to encounter increasing competition as new electronic platforms emerge that enable consumers to send and receive money through a variety of channels, but we do not expect adoption rates to be as significant in the near term for the consumer segment we serve. Regardless, we continue to innovate in the industry by differentiating our money remittance business through programs to foster loyalty among agents as well as consumers and have expanded our channels through which our services are accessed to include online and mobile offerings which are experiencing increased consumer adoption. 

How We Assess the Performance of Our Business 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating performance of our business are revenues, service charges from agents and banks, salaries and benefits, other selling, general and administrative expenses and net income. To help us assess our performance with these key indicators, we primarily use Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted EBITDA as non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors and expanded insight to measure our revenue and cost performance as a supplement to our U.S. GAAP condensed consolidated financial statements. See the Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted EBITDA sections below for reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to net income and earnings per share, our closest GAAP measures. 
 
 Revenues 
 Transaction volume is the primary generator of revenue in our business. Revenue on transactions is derived primarily from transaction fees paid by consumers to transfer money. Revenues per transaction vary based upon send and receive locations and the amount sent. In certain transactions involving different send and receive currencies, we generate foreign exchange gains based on the difference between the set exchange rate charged by us to the sender and the rate available to us in the wholesale foreign exchange market. Also, we generate revenues from technology services provided to the independent network of agents and other service partners that utilize the Company s technology in processing transactions paid by credit or debit card, check cashing services and maintenance fees, for which revenue is derived by a fee per transaction. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Service Charges from Agents and Banks 
 
 Service charges primarily consist of sending and paying agent commissions and bank fees. Service charges vary based on agent commission percentages and the amount of fees charged by the banks. Sending agents earn a commission on each transaction they process of approximately 50 of the transaction fee. Service charges may increase if banks or payer organizations increase their fee structure or sending agents use higher fee methods to remit funds to us. Service charges also vary based on the method the consumer selects to send the transfer and the payer organization that facilitates the transaction. 
 
 Salaries and Benefits 
 
 Salaries and benefits include cash and share-based compensation associated with our corporate employees and sales team as well as employees at our Company-operated stores. Corporate employees include management, customer service, compliance, information technology, operations, finance, legal and human resources. Our sales team, located throughout the United States, Canada, Spain and Italy, is focused on supporting and growing our sending agent network. Share-based compensation is primarily recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period; unrecognized compensation expense related restricted stock units RSUs ), restricted stock awards RSAs and performance stock units PSUs of approximately 15.8 million is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years. 
 
 Other Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 27 

Index 

 General and administrative expenses primarily consist of fixed overhead expenses associated with our operations, including our Company-operated stores, such as information technology, telecommunications, rent, insurance, professional services, non-income or indirect taxes, facilities maintenance, provision for credit losses, selling expenses, public company reporting requirements, regulatory compliance requirements and other similar types of operating expenses. Selling expenses include expenses such as advertising and promotion, shipping, supplies and other expenses associated with serving and increasing our customer base and network of agents. 
 
 Restructuring Costs 
 
 We incurred costs associated with restructuring plans primarily related to our foreign operations and La Nacional. These costs included all internal and external costs directly related with the restructuring and consist primarily of severance payments, write-off of assets and certain legal and professional fees. 
 
 Transaction Costs 
 
 We incurred transaction costs associated with completed and potential acquisitions. These costs included all internal and external costs directly related to the transaction, consisting primarily of legal, consulting, accounting and advisory fees and certain incentive bonuses. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization largely consists of depreciation of computer equipment and amortization of software that supports our technology platform. In addition, it includes amortization of intangible assets primarily related to our agent relationships, trade names and developed technology. 
 
 Non-Operating Expenses 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest associated with our debt, which consists of a term loan facility (until August 29, 2024) and a revolving credit facility. The effective interest rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the term loan facility and revolving credit facility were 9.02 and 2.48 , respectively. 
 
 Income tax provision 
 
 Our income tax provision includes the expected benefit of all deferred tax assets, including our net operating loss carryforwards. Our income tax provision reflects the effects of state taxes, non-deductible expenses, share-based compensation expense, and foreign tax rates applicable to the Company s foreign subsidiaries that are higher or lower than the U.S. statutory rate. 
 
 Net Income 
 Net income is determined by subtracting operating and non-operating expenses from revenues. 
 
 Earnings per Share 
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for each period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding for each period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if outstanding stock options at the presented dates are exercised and shares of RSUs, RSAs and PSUs have vested, using the treasury stock method. Shares of treasury stock are not considered outstanding and therefore are excluded from the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding calculation. 
 
 Segments 
 Our business is organized around one reportable segment that provides money transmittal services primarily between the United States and Canada to Mexico, Guatemala and other countries in Latin America, Africa, Asia and Europe through a network of authorized agents located in various unaffiliated retail establishments and 117 Company-operated stores throughout the United States, Canada, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom. This is based on the objectives of the business and how our chief operating decision maker, the CEO and President, monitors operating performance and allocates resources. 

28 

Index 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes the key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except for share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Wire transfer and money order fees, net 144,600 147,387 417,358 416,355 Foreign exchange gain, net 23,954 22,688 67,100 64,239 Other income 3,393 2,362 9,432 6,358 Total revenues 171,947 172,437 493,890 486,952 Operating expenses: Service charges from agents and banks 111,348 112,871 322,651 319,983 Salaries and benefits 17,238 17,789 52,237 51,597 Other selling, general and administrative expenses 12,127 12,908 35,968 36,883 Restructuring costs 27 1,145 2,738 1,145 Depreciation and amortization 3,382 3,472 9,981 9,511 Total operating expenses 144,122 148,185 423,575 419,119 Operating income 27,825 24,252 70,315 67,833 Interest expense 3,200 2,801 8,997 7,643 Income before income taxes 24,625 21,451 61,318 60,190 Income tax provision 7,328 6,619 17,882 18,174 Net income 17,297 14,832 43,436 42,016 Earnings per common share: Basic 0.53 0.42 1.32 1.17 Diluted 0.53 0.41 1.30 1.14 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Revenues for the above periods are presented below: 
 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 of Revenues Revenues: Wire transfer and money order fees, net 144,600 84 147,387 86 Foreign exchange gain, net 23,954 14 22,688 13 Other income 3,393 2 2,362 1 Total revenues 171,947 100 172,437 100 
 
 Wire transfer and money order fees, net of 144.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.8 million, or 2 , from 147.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in transaction 
 29 

Index 

 volume processed through our retail network of sending agents and Company-operated stores in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 as a result of a slight contraction in the market. This decrease was partially offset by 1.9 million in revenue recognized as a result of the changes to the terms and conditions of our loyalty program effective in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Revenues from foreign exchange gain, net of 24.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.3 million, or 6 , from 22.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a higher foreign exchange spread on money transfers sent to certain countries in LAC during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Other income of 3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.0 million, or 41.7 , from 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the impact of the revenue generated from ancillary services provided to a particular segment of our consumer base through our Company-operated stores, an increase in fees related to a higher volume of transfers deemed abandoned property, and check cashing service fees, as well as an increase in income related to money transfer transactions paid with debit or credit cards. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the above periods are presented below: 
 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 of Revenues Operating expenses: Service charges from agents and banks 111,348 65 112,871 65 Salaries and benefits 17,238 10 17,789 10 Other selling, general and administrative expenses 12,127 7 12,908 8 Restructuring costs 27 1,145 1 Depreciation and amortization 3,382 2 3,472 2 Total operating expenses 144,122 84 148,185 86 
 
 Service charges from agents and banks Service charges from agents and banks were 111.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 112.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 1.6 million, or 1 , was primarily due to the decrease in transaction volume described above partially offset by an increase in fees related to money transfers processed online or by using mobile devices. 
 
 Salaries and benefits Salaries and benefits of 17.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.6 million, or 3 , from 17.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily due to cost savings related to the restructuring plans implemented in the past year. 
 
 Other selling, general and administrative expenses Other selling, general and administrative expenses of 12.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.8 million, or 6.2 , from 12.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The decrease was primarily the result of: 
 
 0.3 million - decrease in facilities related expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to facility closures as a result of the restructuring of La Nacional during the third quarter of 2023 and the move to our new U.S. headquarters; and 
 0.2 million - decrease in provision for credit losses primarily due to lower outstanding receivable balances from sending agents as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 as receivable balances tend to increase during weekends combined with a lower level of write-offs in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Restructuring costs Restructuring costs of 27.0 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of severance costs primarily related to the restructuring of La Nacional and our foreign operations. Restructuring costs of 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included 0.8 million in severance payments and related benefits, 0.3 million in computer equipment write-offs, 38.0 thousand for the early termination of a lease agreement and 31.0 thousand in legal fees related to the restructuring of La Nacional. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization of 3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.1 million or 2.9 from 3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is the result of a 
 30 

Index 

 decrease of approximately 0.2 million in amortization related to our trade names, developed technology and agent relationships during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as these intangibles are being amortized on an accelerated basis, which declines over time. 
 
 Non-Operating Expenses 
 Interest expense Interest expense of 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.4 million, or 14.3 , from 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher draws under our revolving credit facility to fund our working capital needs, as well as a loss on debt extinguishment of 0.3 million associated with the payoff of our term loan facility as a result of entering into the Second A R Credit Agreement on August 29, 2024. 
 
 Income tax provision Income tax provision was 7.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which represents an increase of 0.7 million from an income tax provision of 6.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax provision was mainly attributable to higher income before taxes as result of the variances described above, slightly offset by a decrease in our effective state tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Net Income 
 We reported Net Income of 17.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to Net Income of 14.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which resulted in an increase of 2.5 million, or 16.9 , due to the same factors discussed above. 
 
 Earnings Per Share 
 
 Earnings per Share - Basic for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.53, representing an increase of 0.11, or 26.2 , compared to 0.42 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Earnings per Share - Basic was primarily due to the increase in net income as well as a reduced share count as a result of the stock repurchases. 
 Earnings per Share - Diluted for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.53, representing an increase of 0.12, or 29.3 , compared to 0.41 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Earnings per Share - Diluted was primarily due to the increase in net income as well as a reduced share count as a result of the stock repurchases. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our performance, both internally and as compared with our peers, because these measures exclude certain items that may not be indicative of our core operating results, as well as items that can vary widely among companies within our industry. For example, noncash compensation costs can be subject to volatility from changes in the market price per share of our common stock or variations in the value and number of shares granted, and amortization of intangible assets is subject to business acquisition activities, which varies from period to period. 
 
 We present these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe they are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. Furthermore, we believe they are helpful in highlighting trends in our operating results by focusing on our core operating results and are useful to evaluate our performance in conjunction with our GAAP financial measures. Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income, net income or earnings per share as a measure of operating performance or cash flows or as a measure of liquidity. Non-GAAP financial measures are not necessarily calculated the same way by different companies and should not be considered a substitute for or superior to GAAP measures. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is one of the primary metrics used by management to evaluate the financial performance of our business because it excludes, among other things, the effects of certain transactions that are outside the control of management, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. 
 
 In particular, Adjusted EBITDA is subject to certain limitations, including the following: 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the amounts necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax provision (benefit), and because the payment of taxes is part of our operations, tax provision is a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; 
 
 31 

Index 

 Although depreciation and amortization are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any costs of such replacements; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the non-cash component of share-based compensation; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be reflective, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations; and 
 
 other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
 We adjust for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA, as well as our other non-GAAP financial measures, only as supplemental information. 
 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share 
 
 Adjusted Net Income is defined as net income adjusted to add back certain charges and expenses, such as non-cash amortization of intangible assets resulting from business acquisition transactions, which will recur in future periods until these assets have been fully amortized, non-cash compensation costs and other items set forth in the table below, as these charges and expenses are not considered a part of our core business operations and are not an indicator of ongoing, future company performance. 
 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share - Basic and Diluted is calculated by dividing Adjusted Net Income by GAAP weighted-average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted). 
 
 Adjusted Net Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.8 million, representing an increase of 1.4 million from Adjusted Net Income of 18.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted Net Income was primarily due to the increase in Net Income discussed above, offset by the lower net effect of the adjusting items detailed in the table below. 
 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of Net Income, our closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted Net Income: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except for per share data) 2024 2023 Net Income 17,297 14,832 Adjusted for: Share-based compensation (a) 2,312 2,274 Restructuring costs (b) 27 1,145 Transaction costs (c) 50 13 Other charges and expenses (d) 276 535 Amortization of intangibles (e) 959 1,228 Income tax benefit related to adjustments (f) (1,078) (1,602) Adjusted Net Income 19,843 18,425 Adjusted Earnings per Share Basic 0.61 0.52 Diluted 0.61 0.51 Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic 32,366,831 35,320,809 Diluted 32,732,465 36,082,163 
 
 (a) Represents share-based compensation relating to equity awards granted primarily to employees and independent directors of the Company. 
 (b) Represents primarily severance, write-off of assets and, legal and professional fees related to the execution of restructuring plans. 
 (c) Represents primarily financial advisory, professional and legal fees related to business acquisition transactions. 
 (d) Represents primarily loss on disposal of fixed assets. 
 (e) Represents the amortization of intangible assets that resulted from business acquisition transactions. 
 32 

Index 

 (f) Represents the current and deferred tax impact of the taxable adjustments to Net Income using the Company s blended federal and state tax rate for each period. Relevant tax-deductible adjustments include all adjustments to Net Income. 
 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share - Basic for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.61, representing an increase of 0.09, or 17.3 , compared to 0.52 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted Earnings per Share - Basic was primarily due to the increase in net income as well as a lower weighted average common shares total for the period due to stock repurchases. 
 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share - Diluted for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.61, representing an increase of 0.10, or 19.6 , compared to 0.51 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted Earnings per Share - Diluted was primarily due to the increase in net income as well as a lower weighted average common shares total for the period due to stock repurchases. 
 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of GAAP Earnings per Share, our closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted Earnings per Share: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Basic Diluted Basic Diluted GAAP Earnings per Share 0.53 0.53 0.42 0.41 Adjusted for: Share-based compensation 0.07 0.07 0.06 0.06 Restructuring costs NM NM 0.03 0.03 Transaction costs NM NM Other charges and expenses 0.01 0.01 0.02 0.01 Amortization of intangibles 0.03 0.03 0.03 0.03 Income tax benefit related to adjustments (0.03) (0.03) (0.05) (0.04) Adjusted Earnings per Share 0.61 0.61 0.52 0.51 
 
 NM - Per share amounts are not meaningful. 
 The table above may contain slight summation differences due to rounding. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income before depreciation and amortization, interest expense, income taxes, and also adjusted to add back certain charges and expenses, such as non-cash share-based compensation costs and other items set forth in the table below, as these charges and expenses are not considered a part of our core business operations and are not an indicator of ongoing, future company performance. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 33.9 million, representing an increase of 2.2 million, or 6.9 , from 31.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to the increase in Net Income discussed above. 
 
 33 

Index 

 The following table presents the reconciliation of Net Income, our closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net Income 17,297 14,832 Adjusted for: Interest expense 3,200 2,801 Income tax provision 7,328 6,619 Depreciation and amortization 3,382 3,472 EBITDA 31,207 27,724 Share-based compensation (a) 2,312 2,274 Restructuring costs (b) 27 1,145 Transaction costs (c) 50 13 Other charges and expenses (d) 276 535 Adjusted EBITDA 33,872 31,691 
 
 (a) Represents share-based compensation relating to equity awards granted primarily to employees and independent directors of the Company. 
 (b) Represents primarily severance, write-off of assets and, legal and professional fees related to the execution of restructuring plans. 
 (c) Represents primarily financial advisory, professional and legal fees related to business acquisition transactions. 
 (d) Represents primarily loss on disposal of fixed assets. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues 
 Revenues for the above periods are presented below: 
 
 in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 of Revenues Revenues: Wire transfer and money order fees, net 417,358 84 416,355 86 Foreign exchange gain, net 67,100 14 64,239 13 Other income 9,432 2 6,358 1 Total revenues 493,890 100 486,952 100 
 
 Wire transfer and money order fees, net of 417.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.0 million, or 0.2 , from 416.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 1.6 increase in transaction volume in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to the growth in transactions processed by our agent network and digital channels. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 1.9 million in revenue as a result of the changes to the terms and conditions of our loyalty program effective in the third quarter of 2024. These increases were partially offset primarily by a lower average price per transaction on money transfers. 
 
 Revenues from foreign exchange gain, net of 67.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.9 million, or 4.5 , from 64.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to higher transaction volume combined with a higher foreign exchange spread on money transfers sent to certain countries in the LAC. 
 
 Other income of 9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 3.0 million, or 46.9 , from 6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the effect of higher revenue generated from other ancillary services provided by our Company-operated stores such as check-cashing fees, an increase in fees related to a higher volume of transfers deemed abandoned property, and higher fees related to advances to sending agents as well as an increase in income related to money transfer transactions paid with debit or credit cards. 
 
 34 

Index 

 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the above periods are presented below: 
 
 in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 of Revenues Operating expenses: Service charges from agents and banks 322,651 65 319,983 66 Salaries and benefits 52,237 11 51,597 11 Other selling, general and administrative expenses 35,968 7 36,883 7 Restructuring costs 2,738 1 1,145 NM 
 Depreciation and amortization 9,981 2 9,511 2 Total operating expenses 423,575 86 419,119 86 
 
 Service charges from agents and banks Service charges from agents and banks were 322.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 320.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 2.7 million, or 0.8 , was primarily due to the increase in transaction volume described above and an increase in fees related to money transfers processed online or by using mobile devices. 
 
 Salaries and benefits Salaries and benefits of 52.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.6 million, or 1.2 , from 51.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to 1.4 million related to our expanded workforce as a result of the LAN Holdings acquisition as it operates independently in the execution of certain operational functions, as well as an increase of 0.6 million in share-based compensation as a result of new awards granted throughout 2024, partially offset by cost savings of 1.1 million related to the restructuring plan of La Nacional, which was implemented in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Other selling, general and administrative expenses Other selling, general and administrative expenses of 36.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.9 million, or 2.4 , from 36.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The decrease was primarily the result of: 
 
 0.6 million - related to a gain on legal contingency settlement that was recorded in the second quarter of 2024 and collected in July 2024; 
 0.9 million - decrease in facilities related expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to facility closures as a result of the restructuring of La Nacional during the third quarter of 2023; 
 0.3 million - lower transaction costs due to the acquisition of LAN Holdings that closed in April 2023; and 
 0.3 million - related to litigation settlements incurred in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 This decrease was partially offset by: 
 
 1.3 million - increase in provision for credit losses primarily due to a higher average balance outstanding of receivable balances from sending agents during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily as a result of sending agents that were not able to pay in accordance with the original terms and are, accordingly, subject to our normal collection procedures. 
 
 Restructuring costs Restructuring costs of 2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 1.9 million in severance costs, 0.4 million in fixed assets impairment, and 0.4 million in legal and professional fees primarily related to the restructuring of La Nacional and our foreign operations. Restructuring costs of 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 0.8 million in severance payments and related benefits, 0.3 million in computer equipment write-offs, 38.0 thousand for the early termination of a lease agreement and 31.0 thousand in legal fees related to the restructuring of La Nacional. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization of 10.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.5 million from 9.5 million or 5.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is the result of higher depreciation associated with additional software developed and computer equipment acquired to support our growing business and sending agent network, as well as depreciation related to assets capitalized in connection with the Company s new headquarters. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately 0.6 million in amortization related to our trade names, developed technology and agent relationships during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as these intangibles are being amortized on an accelerated basis, which declines over time. 
 35 

Index 

Non-Operating Expenses 
 Interest expense Interest expense of 9.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.4 million, or 18.4 , from 7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher market interest rates during the first half of 2024, as well as higher and more frequent draws under our revolving credit facility to fund our working capital needs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 0.3 million associated with the payoff of our term loan facility as a result of entering into the Second A R Credit Agreement on August 29, 2024. 
 
 Income tax provision Income tax provision was 17.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which represents a decrease of 0.3 million from an income tax provision of 18.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in income tax provision was mainly attributable to higher deductible share based compensation, as well as a decrease in our effective state tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, offset by an increase in income before taxes. 
 
 Net Income 
 We reported Net Income of 43.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to Net Income of 42.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which resulted in an increase of 1.4 million, or 3.3 , due to the same factors discussed above. 
 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Earnings per Share - Basic for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.32, representing an increase of 0.15, or 12.8 , compared to 1.17 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Earnings per Share - Diluted for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.30, representing an increase of 0.16, or 14.0 , compared to 1.14 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The increase in both basic and diluted EPS largely reflect a reduced share count as a result of the stock repurchases combined with the increase in net income discussed above. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share 
 Adjusted Net Income (previously defined and used as described above) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 52.6 million, representing an increase of 1.6 million, or 3.1 , from Adjusted Net Income of 51.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted Net Income was primarily due to the increase in net income as discussed above as well as the higher net effect of the adjusting items detailed in the table below. 
 
 36 

Index 

 The following table presents the reconciliation of Net Income, our closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted Net Income: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except for per share data) 2024 2023 Net Income 43,436 42,016 Adjusted for: Share-based compensation (a) 6,857 6,217 Restructuring costs (b) 2,738 1,145 Transaction costs (c) 86 411 Legal contingency settlement (d) (570) Other charges and expenses (e) 931 1,556 Amortization of intangibles (f) 2,894 3,562 Income tax benefit related to adjustments (g) (3,773) (3,892) Adjusted Net Income 52,599 51,015 Adjusted Earnings per Share Basic 1.60 1.42 Diluted 1.58 1.39 Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic 32,911,742 35,930,234 Diluted 33,335,363 36,767,680 
 
 (a) Represents share-based compensation relating to equity awards granted primarily to employees and independent directors of the Company. 
 (b) Represents primarily severance, write-off of assets and, legal and professional fees related to the execution of restructuring plans. 
 (c) Represents primarily financial advisory, professional and legal fees related to business acquisition transactions. 
 (d) Represents a gain contingency related to a legal settlement. 
 (e) Represents primarily loss on disposal of fixed assets. 
 (f) Represents the amortization of intangible assets that resulted from business acquisition transactions. 
 (g) Represents the current and deferred tax impact of the taxable adjustments to Net Income using the Company s blended federal and state tax rate for each period. Relevant tax-deductible adjustments include all adjustments to Net Income. 
 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share - Basic and Diluted (previously defined and used as described above) are as follows: 
 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share - Basic for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.60, representing an increase of 0.18, or 12.7 , compared to 1.42 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted Earnings per Share - Basic was primarily due to the increase in net income as well as a lower weighted average common shares total for the period due to stock repurchases. 
 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share - Diluted for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.58, representing an increase of 0.19, or 13.7 , compared to 1.39 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted Earnings per Share - Diluted was 
 37 

Index 

 primarily due to the increase in net income as well as a lower weighted average common shares total for the period due to stock repurchases. 
 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of GAAP Earnings per Share, our closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted Earnings per Share: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Basic Diluted Basic Diluted GAAP Earnings per Share 1.32 1.30 1.17 1.14 Adjusted for: Share-based compensation 0.21 0.21 0.17 0.17 Restructuring costs 0.08 0.08 0.03 0.03 Transaction costs NM NM 0.01 0.01 Legal contingency settlement (0.02) (0.02) Other charges and expenses 0.03 0.03 0.04 0.04 Amortization of intangibles 0.09 0.09 0.10 0.10 Income tax benefit related to adjustments (0.11) (0.11) (0.11) (0.11) Adjusted Earnings per Share 1.60 1.58 1.42 1.39 
 
 NM - Per share amounts are not meaningful. 
 The table above may contain slight summation differences due to rounding. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA (previously defined and used as described above) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 90.3 million, representing an increase of 3.6 million, or 4.2 , from 86.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to the increase in net income as discussed above as well as the higher net effect of the adjusting items detailed in the table below. 
 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of Net Income, our closest GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net Income 43,436 42,016 Adjusted for: Interest expense 8,997 7,643 Income tax provision 17,882 18,174 Depreciation and amortization 9,981 9,511 EBITDA 80,296 77,344 Share-based compensation (a) 6,857 6,217 Restructuring costs (b) 2,738 1,145 Transaction costs (c) 86 411 Legal contingency settlement (d) (570) Other charges and expenses (e) 931 1,556 Adjusted EBITDA 90,338 86,673 
 
 (a) Represents share-based compensation relating to equity awards granted primarily to employees and independent directors of the Company. 
 (b) Represents primarily severance, write-off of assets and, legal and professional fees related to the execution of restructuring plans. 
 (c) Represents primarily financial advisory, professional and legal fees related to business acquisition transactions. 
 (d) Represents a gain contingency related to a legal settlement. 
 (e) Represents primarily loss on disposal of fixed assets. 

38 

Index 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We consider liquidity in terms of our cash and cash equivalents position, cash flows from operations and their sufficiency to fund business operations, including working capital needs, debt service, acquisitions, capital expenditures, contractual obligations and other commitments. In particular, to meet our payment service obligations at all times, we must have sufficient highly liquid assets and be able to move funds on a timely basis. 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash generated by operating activities supplemented with borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our primary cash needs are for day-to-day operations, to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness, to fund working capital requirements, and to make capital expenditures and repurchases of our common stock. 
 
 We have funded and still expect to continue funding our liquidity requirements through internally generated funds, supplemented in the ordinary course, with borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We maintain a strong cash and cash equivalents balance position and have access to committed funding sources, which we have used only on an ordinary course basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Therefore, we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents position, as well as projected cash flows generated from operations, together with borrowings under our revolving credit facility are sufficient to fund our principal and interest payments, lease expenses, our working capital needs, our business acquisitions, our expected capital expenditures and projected common stock repurchases in the short and long term. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On August 29, 2024, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Second A R Credit Agreement with a group of banking institutions, which amended and restated in its entirety the A R Credit Agreement. The Second A R Credit Agreement provides for a new 425.0 million, multi-currency, revolving credit facility and an uncommitted incremental facility, which may be utilized for additional term and revolving loans of up to 100.0 million. The Second A R Credit Agreement also provides for the issuance of letters of credit, which would reduce availability under the revolving credit facility. The maturity date of the Second A R Credit Agreement is August 29, 2029. A portion of the initial borrowings under the new revolving credit facility were used to repay in full the remaining outstanding balance of the Company s term loan under the A R Credit Agreement and to pay the costs associated with establishing the new revolving credit facility. Borrowings under the Second A R Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes to support the Company s growth, as well as to fund share repurchases. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were 138.2 million of outstanding amounts drawn on the revolving credit facility. There were 386.8 million of additional borrowings available under this facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Under the Second A R Credit Agreement and at the election of the Company, interest on the revolving loans denominated in U.S. Dollars is determined by reference to either (i) the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), (ii) the daily simple SOFR or (iii) a defined base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75 to 2.25 for SOFR rate loans and from 0.75 to 1.25 for base rate loans based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as so calculated pursuant to the terms of the Second A R Credit Agreement. Interest on revolving loans denominated in Euros or Pounds Sterling is determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR or Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), in each case, plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75 to 2.25 based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as so calculated. 
 
 The revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed from time to time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Second A R Credit Agreement. Interest is payable quarterly for base rate loans, daily simple SOFR loans, and daily simple SONIA loans, and on the expiration of the applicable interest period for term SOFR loans and EURIBOR loans. The Company also pays an annual commitment fee up to 0.30 of the actual daily amount by which the maximum availability under the revolving credit facility exceeds the sum of the outstanding amount of revolving credit loans. 
 
 The effective interest rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the term loan facility and revolving credit facility were 9.02 and 2.48 , respectively. 
 
 The Second A R Credit Agreement also provides the Company with increased flexibility to make certain restricted payments, including the repurchase shares of its common stock, without limitation so long as the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as of the then most recently completed four fiscal quarters, after giving pro forma effect to such restricted payments, is 2.50 to 1.00 or less. In addition, the Company may make restricted payments that do not exceed in the aggregate during any fiscal year the greater of (i) 30.3 million and (ii) 25 of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement) for the then most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Company. 
 
 The Second A R Credit Agreement also contains customary covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, grant liens, incur additional indebtedness, make acquisitions or investments, dispose of certain assets, issue dividends 
 39 

Index 

 and distributions (other than to the Company and certain of its subsidiaries), change the nature of their businesses, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, or amend the terms of material indebtedness, in each case subject to certain thresholds and exceptions. 
 Under the Second A R Credit Agreement, the Company is required to maintain a quarterly minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00:1.00 and a quarterly maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50 with a step-up to 3.75 in the quarter during which the Company completes a material acquisition, in each case, as computed in accordance with the terms of the Second A R Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants of the Second A R Credit Agreement that require the Company to maintain a quarterly minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 3.00:1.00 and a quarterly maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50:1.00. 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk and prevent us from meeting our obligations. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness The Company's indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Repurchase Program 
 
 On August 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program that authorizes the Company to purchase up to 40.0 million of its outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. On March 3, 2023, the Board of Directors approved an increase to the Repurchase Program that authorizes the Company to purchase an additional 100.0 million of its outstanding shares. On August 29, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a second increase to the Repurchase Program that authorizes the Company to purchase an additional 60.7 million of its outstanding shares. Under the Repurchase Program, the Company is authorized to repurchase shares from time to time in accordance with applicable laws, both on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions and may include the use of derivative contracts or structured share repurchase agreements. The timing and amount of repurchases depends on several factors, including market and business conditions, the trading price of the Company s common stock and the nature of other investment opportunities. The Repurchase Program may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date. The Second A R Credit Agreement, permits the Company to make restricted payments (including share repurchases, among others) under a variety of tests as described above, including, without limitation, so long as the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement), as of the then most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Company, after giving pro forma effect to such restricted payments, is 2.50:1.00 or less. 
 
 The Company accounts for purchases of treasury stock under the cost method. Any direct costs incurred to acquire treasury stock are considered stock issue costs and added to the cost of the treasury stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including the shares purchased in the privately-negotiated transaction described below, the Company purchased 2,739,499 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 54.9 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased 1,734,481 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 40.6 million. As of September 30, 2024, there was 80.0 million available for future share repurchases under the Repurchase Program. 
 
 Privately-Negotiated Share Repurchase Transaction 
 
 On March 11, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Robert W. Lisy, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors, for the purchase of 175,000 shares of the Company s common stock for a total purchase price of 3.3 million, or a per share price of 19.11, in a privately-negotiated transaction. 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 We are party to operating leases for office space, warehouses and Company-operated store locations, which we use as part of our day-to-day operations. Operating lease expenses were 1.7 million and 5.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which we expect to be consistent throughout the year. We have not entered into finance lease commitments. For additional information on operating lease obligations, refer to Note 7, Leases, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 40 

Index 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the changes to our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Statement of Cash Flows Data: Net cash provided by operating activities 57,968 82,440 Net cash used in investing activities (27,859) (13,188) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (111,234) 2,827 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (1,467) 875 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (82,592) 72,954 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 239,203 149,493 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 156,611 222,447 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 58.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 24.4 million from net cash provided in operating activities of 82.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily a result of a 27.7 million change in working capital, which varies due to timing of remittances of consumer funds by sending agents and transmittal orders and payments, as well as prefunding of payers primarily for weekends, and additional cash generated by our operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which reflected the further growth of our business. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 27.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 14.7 million from net cash used in investing activities of 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in cash used was primarily due to the capitalization of leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment related to the Company's move to the new U.S. headquarters in February 2024 of approximately 10.0 million, an investment in software and equipment to support our sending agent network and continued improvement of our proprietary software, as well as the acquisition of a money remittance company in the United Kingdom and an agent location in the United States during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in comparison with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 111.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which primarily consisted of 24.2 million of net borrowings under the revolving credit facility, 75.5 million in regular quarterly pay-downs for the first half of the year and final payoff of the term loan facility, 54.9 million used for repurchases of common stock, 3.1 million in debt origination costs related to the Second A R Credit Agreement and 2.0 million of payments for stock-based awards for shares withheld for tax payments in connection with share-based compensation arrangements. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which primarily consisted of 48.0 million of borrowings, net under the revolving credit facility, 3.8 million in scheduled quarterly payments due on the term loan facility, 40.6 million used for repurchases of common stock, 1.0 million of payments for stock-based awards for shares withheld for tax payments in connection with share-based compensation arrangements and 0.7 million of debt origination costs related to the A R Credit Agreement, partially offset by 1.0 million in proceeds from issuance of stock as a result of the exercise of stock options. 

41 

Index 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates its accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 
 An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. Our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for which there were no material changes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included the following: 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Income Taxes 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1, Business and Accounting Policies , of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information on recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 42 

Index 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We manage foreign currency risk through the structure of the business and an active risk management process. One of the methods to settle with our payers in Latin America is entering into foreign exchange tom and spot transactions with local and foreign currency providers counterparties ). The foreign currency exposure on our foreign exchange tom and spot transactions is limited by the fact that all transactions are settled within two business days from trade date. Foreign currency fluctuations, however, may negatively affect our average exchange gain per transaction. The Company had open tom and spot foreign exchange contracts for Mexican pesos and Guatemalan quetzales amounting to approximately 30.1 million and 56.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In addition, included in wire transfers and money orders payable, net in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are 16.3 million and 40.7 million, respectively, of wires payable denominated in foreign currencies, primarily Mexican pesos and Guatemalan quetzales. 
 
 Also, included in prepaid wires, net in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are 19.8 million and 17.8 million, respectively, of prepaid wires denominated in foreign currencies, primarily Mexican pesos and Guatemalan quetzales. 
 
 We are also exposed to changes in currency rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Revenues and profits generated by international operations will increase or decrease because of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This foreign currency risk is related primarily to our operations in our foreign subsidiaries. Revenues from our foreign subsidiaries represent less than 3 of our consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Therefore, a 10 increase or decrease in these currency rates against the U.S. Dollar would result in a de minimis change to our overall operating results. 
 
 The spot and average exchange rates for the currencies in which we operate to U.S. dollar are as follows: 
 
 2024 2023 Spot (1) 
 Average (2) 
 Spot (1) 
 Average (2) 
 U.S. dollar/Mexico Peso 19.65 17.71 16.89 17.79 U.S. dollar/Guatemala Quetzal 7.72 7.76 7.81 7.82 U.S. dollar/Canadian Dollar 1.35 1.36 1.32 1.35 U.S. dollar/Dominican Peso 60.10 59.10 58.04 55.19 U.S. dollar/Euro 0.89 0.92 0.91 0.92 U.S. dollar/British Pound Sterling (3) 
 0.75 0.76 
 (1) Spot exchange rates are as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Average exchange rates are for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) We commenced operations in the United Kingdom in connection with an acquisition in July 2024 and, therefore, no information is provided prior to 2024. 
 
 Long-term sustained appreciation of the Mexican peso or Guatemalan quetzal as compared to the U.S. dollar could affect our revenues and profit margins. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As discussed above, interest under the Second A R Credit Agreement is variable based on certain benchmark rates, including SOFR, EURIBOR and SONIA. Because interest expense is subject to fluctuation, if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on such variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed may remain the same. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Federal Reserve lowered the fed funds rate from 5.50 to 5.00 to ease monetary policy and support economic stability. As a consequence, other benchmark interest rates such as SOFR started to decrease during August 2024. The Company expects that the Federal Reserve will continue to monitor inflation and other economic indicators to assess if additional interest rate decreases in 2024 are warranted. As of September 30, 2024, we had 138.2 million in outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. A hypothetical 1 increase or decrease in the interest rate on our indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 would have increased or decreased cash interest expense on our revolving credit facility by approximately 1.4 million per annum, respectively. 
 43 

Index 

 Credit Risk 
 We maintain certain cash balances in various U.S. banks, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. We have not incurred any losses on these accounts. In addition, we maintain cash in various bank accounts in Mexico, Guatemala, Canada, the Dominican Republic, Spain, the United Kingdom and Italy and short-term investment accounts in Mexico, which may not be fully insured. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not incur any losses on these uninsured accounts. To manage our exposure to credit risk with respect to cash balances and other credit risk exposure resulting from our relationships with banks and financial institutions, we regularly review cash concentrations, and we attempt to diversify our cash balances among global financial institutions. 
 
 We are also exposed to credit risk related to receivable balances from sending agents, digital partners and other parties. We perform a credit review before each agent signing and conduct ongoing analyses of sending agents and certain other parties we transact with directly. As of September 30, 2024, we also had 5.0 million outstanding of agent advances receivable from sending agents. Most of the agent advances receivable are collateralized by personal guarantees from the sending agents and by assets from their businesses. 
 
 Our provision for credit losses was approximately 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (1.0 of total revenues) and 3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (0.8 of total revenues). The increase in our provision for credit losses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to higher outstanding balances of accounts receivable primarily related to the acquisition of La Nacional and LAN Holdings and higher volume growth processed by our sending agents. 
 . 
 
 44 

Index 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules, regulations and related forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within an organization have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met. 
 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on their evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective and operating to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such material information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 45 

Index 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to various claims, charges and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe these actions are a normal incident of the nature and kind of business in which we are engaged. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not believe that any asserted or unasserted legal claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Reference is made to Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for information regarding certain legal proceedings to which we are a party, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to our principal risks that we believe are material to our business, results of operations and financial condition, from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). Prospective investors are encouraged to consider the risks described in our 2023 Form 10-K, our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our 2023 Form 10-K, and other information publicly disclosed or contained in documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission before purchasing our securities. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about repurchases of our common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Program July 1 through July 31 2,365 20.99 39,381,693 August 1 through August 31 250,726 17.24 250,648 95,719,567 September 1 through September 30 842,724 18.60 842,724 80,044,833 Total 1,095,815 1,093,372 
 
 (a) Includes (i) 2,365 and (ii) 78 and shares withheld for income tax purposes in July 2024 and August 2024, respectively (none in September 2024), in connection with shares issued under compensation and benefit programs. 
 (b) On August 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program that authorizes the Company to purchase up to 40.0 million of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. The Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date. On March 3, 2023 the Board of Directors approved an increase to the Repurchase Program that authorizes the Company to purchase an additional 100.0 million of its outstanding shares. On August 29, 2024 the Board of Directors approved an increase to the Repurchase Program that authorizes the Company to purchase an additional 60.7 million of its outstanding shares. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of the Company s common stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Securities Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in 17 CFR 229.408(c). 
 46 

Index 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Document 10.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2024, by and among International Money Express, Inc., as Holdings, Intermex Wire Transfer, LLC, as Borrower, Intermex Wire Transfer II, LLC, Intermex Wire Transfer Corp., and Envios de Valores La Nacional Corp, each a Guarantor (collectively the Loan Parties and the Lenders, as defined in the Second A R Credit Agreement, from time to time party thereto, and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act - Chief Executive Officer 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act - Chief Financial Officer 32.1 # 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2 # 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included with the Exhibit 101 attachments). 

Filed herewith. 
 Previously filed. 
 # Furnished herewith. 

47 

Index 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 International Money Express, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Robert Lisy Robert Lisy Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Andras Bende Andras Bende Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Robert Lisy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of International Money Express, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Robert Lisy Name Robert Lisy Title Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Andras Bende, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of International Money Express, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Andras Bende Name Andras Bende Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robert Lisy, Chief Executive Officer and President of International Money Express, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Robert Lisy Name Robert Lisy Title Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Andras Bende, Chief Financial Officer of International Money Express, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge 
 1. the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 By s Andras Bende Name Andras Bende Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 imxi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 imxi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 imxi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 imxi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 imxi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

