<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241118_10-K-A_edgar_data_1636282_0001636282-24-000107.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10779209</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123906</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1789496</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3403211</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2862335</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2406665</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001636282-24-000107.hdr.sgml : 20241118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241118160342
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001636282-24-000107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spyre Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				464312787
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37722
		FILM NUMBER:		241471431

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		221 CRESCENT STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 23, SUITE 105
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6176515940

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		221 CRESCENT STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 23, SUITE 105
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02453

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150311

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001636282-24-000107.txt : 20241118

10-K/A
 1
 syre-20231231.htm
 10-K

syre-20231231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 re 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Amendment No. 2) 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from______ to 
 Commission file number 
 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq Global Select Market) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2023 (the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter), based upon the closing price of 11.2625 of the Registrant s common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market, was approximately million. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at February 21, 2024 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value per share shares 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART II 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 3 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 SIGNATURES 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 SPYRE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of changes in convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 As discussed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has restated its 2023 financial statements to correct an error. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Contingent Value Right (CVR) Liability 
 As described in Notes 1, 2, 3, and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, in connection with the asset acquisition of Pre-Merger Spyre, a non-transferable contingent value right was distributed to certain legacy 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 3, 2023 entitling holders of the contingent value right to receive certain cash payments from proceeds received by the Company related to the disposition or monetization of the Company s legacy assets. Management determined that certain contingent payments under the Contingent Value Rights (CVR) Agreement qualified as derivatives, and as such, were recorded as a liability on the balance sheet. For derivative financial instruments accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded by management at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date. The fair value of the CVR liability was determined using the probability weighted discounted cash flow method to estimate future cash flows associated with the sale of the legacy assets. The CVR liability value is based on significant inputs not observable in the market such as estimated cash flows, estimated probabilities of regulatory success, estimated reimbursement rates compared to the reimbursement target, and risk-adjusted discount rates. The CVR liability as of December 31, 2023 was 42.7 million and the Company recognized an increase in the CVR liability of 19.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to the change in fair value between the issuance of the CVR and December 31, 2023. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the CVR liability is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the CVR liability; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the estimated probabilities of regulatory success, estimated reimbursement rates compared to the reimbursement target, and risk-adjusted discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others (i) reading and evaluating the terms of the CVR Agreement; (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the CVR liability; (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the probability weighted discounted cash flow method used by management; (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used by management in the probability weighted discounted cash flow method; and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the estimated probabilities of regulatory success, estimated reimbursement rates compared to the reimbursement target, and risk-adjusted discount rates. Evaluating management s assumptions related to estimated probabilities of regulatory success and estimated reimbursement rates compared to the reimbursement target involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering the consistency with (i) external market and industry data and (ii) evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the probability weighted discounted cash flow method and (ii) the reasonableness of the risk-adjusted discount rate assumption. 
 
 /s/ 

February 29, 2024, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is November 18, 2024. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS 
 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Development receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable CVR liability Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Accrued and other current liabilities Related party accounts payable and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current CVR liability Non-current operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock, par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares and authorized as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 Common stock, par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: License Development fee and royalty Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 General and administrative Acquired in-process research and development Gain on sale of in-process research and development asset ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest income Change in fair value of forward contract liability ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other (expense) income ) ) Loss before income tax expense ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted, Series A Preferred Stock (restated) Weighted-average Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock outstanding, basic and diluted (restated) Net loss per share, basic and diluted, Series B Preferred Stock (restated) Weighted-average Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock outstanding, basic and diluted (restated) Net loss per share, basic and diluted, common (restated) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 (1) million in related party expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 and no related party expenses for the year ended months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 Series B 
 Non-Voting 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series A 
 Non-Voting 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) Income 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of pre-funded warrants Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in connection with registered direct offering, net of offering costs Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of pre-funded warrants Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities Net loss ) ) Balances December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock in connection with private placement, net of financing costs Issuance of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock in connection with the asset acquisition of Spyre and settlement of related forward contract Conversion of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock into common stock ) ) Issuance of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock in connection with private placement, net of financing costs Issuance of common stock in connection with private placement, net of financing costs Issuance of common stock in connection with the asset acquisition of Spyre Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of pre-funded warrants Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan CVR distribution to common stockholders ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of Parapyre Option Obligation warrants Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized gain on marketable securities Net loss ) ) Balances December 31, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Acquired in-process research and development Change in fair value of CVR liability Change in fair value of forward contract liability Gain on sale of in-process research and development asset ) Lease ROU asset and leasehold improvement impairment loss Loss on disposal of long-lived assets Net (accretion of discount) amortization of premium on marketable securities ) ) Amortization of operating lease assets Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) Development receivables ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) ) Related party payable ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Cash assumed from asset acquisition of Spyre Proceeds from sale of in-process research development asset Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property plant and equipment Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock in connection with private placement, net of placement and other offering costs Proceeds from issuance of Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock in connection with private placement, net of placement and other offering costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with private placement, net of placement and other offering costs Payment of contingent value rights liability ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in registered direct offering, net of offering costs Proceeds from employee stock plan purchases and stock option exercises 
 Principal payments on finance lease obligation ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH 
 ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of period End of period Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Information: 
 Settlement of forward contract liability and issuance of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock in connection with the asset acquisition of Spyre Conversion of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock into common stock Leased assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 segment and has its principal offices in Waltham, Massachusetts. 
 On September 8, 2023, the Company effected a reverse stock split of its Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-25 (the Reverse Split ). Except as indicated otherwise, all share numbers related to the Company's Common Stock disclosed in these financial statements have been adjusted on a post-Reverse Split basis. 
 On April 12, 2023, based on the review of the inconclusive interim results from the Company's Phase 1/2 clinical trial of pegtarviliase for the treatment of Classical Homocystinuria and other business considerations, the Company announced that it had initiated a process to explore strategic alternatives to maximize stockholder value and engaged an independent exclusive financial advisor to support this process. As a result, in April 2023, the Company implemented a restructuring plan resulting in an approximate reduction of the Company s existing headcount. 
 On June 22, 2023, the Company acquired, in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Acquisition Agreement"), the assets of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. Pre-Merger Spyre as disclosed in Note 7 and 8, a privately held biotechnology company advancing a pipeline of antibody therapeutics with the potential to transform the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease through a research and development option agreement ("Paragon Agreement") with Paragon Therapeutics ("Paragon"). The asset acquisition was accomplished through a two-step reverse triangular merger whereby a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company merged with and into Pre-Merger Spyre, which existed at the time the Acquisition Agreement was entered into, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreement. Immediately following this merger, Pre-Merger Spyre merged with an into a second wholly subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreement and Pre-Merger Spyre ceased to exist. Subsequently, Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. was renamed Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. and is a different entity than Pre-Merger Spyre, which ceased to exist upon merging with Merger Sub. The transaction was structured as a stock-for-stock transaction pursuant to which all of Pre-Merger Spyre's outstanding equity interests were exchanged based on a fixed exchange ratio of to 1 for consideration from the Company of shares of common stock and shares of Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock, par value of per share ("Series A Preferred Stock") (convertible on a to 1 basis), in addition to the assumption of outstanding and unexercised stock options to purchase shares of common stock from the Amended and Restated Spyre 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Asset Acquisition"). The common stock and Series A Preferred Stock related to the Asset Acquisition were issued to the Pre-Merger Spyre stockholders on July 7, 2023. For additional information, see Note 8. 
 In connection with the Asset Acquisition, on June 26, 2023, the Company completed a private placement of shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A PIPE to a group of investors (the Series A Investors ). The Company sold an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A PIPE Securities for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million before deducting approximately million of placement agent and other offering expenses. For additional information, see Note 11. 
 In connection with the Asset Acquisition, a non-transferable contingent value right ("CVR") was distributed to stockholders of record of the Company as of the close of business on July 3, 2023 (the "Legacy Stockholders"), but was not distributed to the holders of shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock issued to the former stockholders of Pre-Merger Spyre or Investors in the Transactions. Holders of the CVRs will be entitled to receive cash payments from proceeds received by the Company for a -year period related to the disposition or monetization of its legacy assets for a period of following the closing of the Asset Acquisition. For additional information, see Note 3 . 
 On November 21, 2023, the Company's stockholders approved the conversion of the Company's Series A non-voting convertible preferred stock to Common Stock. For additional information, see Note 11. 
 On December 11, 2023, the Company completed a private placement of shares of common stock and Series B non-voting convertible preferred stock, par value of per share ("Series B Preferred Stock") (convertible on a to 1 basis) (collectively, the December 2023 PIPE to a group of investors (the December 2023 PIPE Investors ). The Company sold an aggregate of shares of Common Stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the December 2023 PIPE Securities for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million before deducting approximately million of placement agent and other offering expenses. For additional information, see Note 11. 
 Liquidity 
 The Company is a preclinical stage biotechnology company with a limited operating history, and due to its significant research and development expenditures, the Company has generated operating losses since its inception and has not generated any revenue from the commercial sale of any products. There can be no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, and, if achieved, whether profitability can be sustained on a continuing basis. 
 Since its inception and through December 31, 2023, the Company has funded our operations by raising an aggregate of approximately million of gross proceeds from the sale and issuance of convertible preferred stock and common stock, pre-funded warrants, the collection of grant proceeds, and the licensing of its product rights for commercialization of pegzilarginase in Europe and certain countries in the Middle East. As of December 31, 2023, Spyre had an accumulated deficit of million, and cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of million. 
 Based on current operating plans, the Company has sufficient resources to fund operations for at least one year from the issuance date of these financial statements with existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Spyre will need to secure additional financing in the future to fund additional research and development, and before a commercial drug can be produced, marketed and sold. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing or generate license or product revenue, the lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Basis of Presentation 

2. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable Securities 
 Restricted Cash 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 U.S. banking institutions are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to per depositor. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, balances at the Company's U.S. banking institutions exceeded the FDIC limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and its accounts are monitored by management to mitigate risk. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding its cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, and bond issuers. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 years Furniture and office equipment years Computer equipment years Software years Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or estimated useful life 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company recognized a million impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to its leased office space in Austin, Texas (see Note 17 for additional information). There were impairments of long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Accrued Research and Development Costs 
 Leases 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 15 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Costs 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Convertible Preferred Stock Issued through PIPE 
 Contingent Milestone Proceeds 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Contingent Value Rights 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits and there were interest or penalties incurred by the Company in the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, or 2021. 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 U.S. government treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total financial assets Liabilities: CVR liability Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets Money market funds Commercial paper U.S. government agency securities Corporate bonds Total financial assets 
 The Company measures the fair value of money market funds on quoted prices in active markets for identical asset or liabilities. The Level 2 assets include U.S. government agency securities, commercial paper and corporate bonds, and are valued based on quoted prices for similar assets in active markets and inputs other than quoted prices that are derived from observable market data. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 financial liabilities outstanding measured at fair value. 
 Forward Contract Liability 
 In connection with the Asset Acquisition, the Company entered into a contract for the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as part of the consideration transferred. This forward contract was classified as a liability because the underlying preferred shares were contingently redeemable. Further, the forward contract liability was considered a Level 2 liability based on observable market data for substantially the full term of the liability and was initially measured at its estimated fair value on the transaction date based on the underlying price per share on an as-converted basis of the Series A PIPE Securities issued in the Series A PIPE. Subsequent remeasurement of the fair value of the forward contract liability through its settlement date was based on the market price of the Company's Common Stock, which represents the redemption value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The fair value of the forward contract at the transaction date, June 22, 2023, was million. The liability was settled with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock on July 7, 2023 for million. For the year ended December 31, 2023, million was recorded as Other (expense) income in the consolidated statements of operations in connection with the change in fair value of the forward contract liability. There was similar expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Change in fair value Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock on July 7, 2023 ) Ending balance as of December 31, 2023 
 
 CVR Liability 
 In connection with the Asset Acquisition, a non-transferable contingent value right was distributed to the Legacy Stockholders, but was not distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock issued to the Investors or former stockholders of Pre-Merger Spyre in connection with the Transactions. Holders of the CVR will be entitled to receive certain cash payments from proceeds received by the Company for a period, if any, related to the disposition or monetization of the Company s legacy assets for a period of following the closing of the Asset Acquisition. 
 The fair value of the CVR liability was determined using the probability weighted discounted cash flow method to estimate future cash flows associated with the sale of the legacy assets. Analogous to a dividend being declared/approved in one period and paid out in another, the liability was recorded at the date of approval, June 22, 2023, as a Common Stock dividend, returning capital to the Legacy Stockholders. Changes in fair value of the liability will be recognized as a component of Other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss in each reporting period. The liability value is based on significant inputs not observable in the market such as estimated cash flows, estimated probabilities of regulatory success, and 
 20 

Table of Contents 

- 
 Estimated reimbursement rate compared to reimbursement target 
 - 
 Risk-adjusted discount rates - 
 
 The change in fair value between the issuance of the CVR and December 31, 2023 was a million increase, and was primarily driven by changes in the expected timing of achievement of certain milestones, changes in the likelihood of certain milestones related to the approval received from the European Medicines Agency by Immedica Pharma AB ("Immedica"), partially offset by a change in the likelihood of a successful disposition of pegtarviliase and updates to expenses and deductions. 
 Fair value at CVR issuance Changes in the fair value of the CVR liability since issuance Payments ) Ending Balance as of December 31, 2023 

4. 
 Commercial paper U.S. government treasury securities Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) U.S. government treasury securities U.S. government agency securities Total marketable securities ) 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper ) U.S. government agency securities ) Total cash equivalents ) Marketable securities: Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. government agency securities Total marketable securities ) 
 Corporate bonds ) ) U.S. government treasury securities Total marketable securities ) ) 
 December 31, 2022 Less Than 12 Months 
 12 Months or Longer Total 
 Fair Value Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair Value Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair Value Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Commercial paper ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) Total marketable securities ) ) 
 The Company evaluated its securities for credit losses and considered the decline in market value to be primarily attributable to current economic and market conditions and not to a credit loss or other factors. Additionally, the Company does not intend to sell the securities in an unrealized loss position and does not expect they will be required to sell the securities before recovery of the unamortized cost basis. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, an allowance for credit losses had been recognized. Given the Company's intent and ability to hold such securities until recovery, and the lack of significant change in credit risk of these investments, the Company does not consider these marketable securities to be impaired as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 There were million unrealized gains on marketable securities for the year ended December 31, 2023. There were realized gains on marketable securities for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 totaled million and million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 Due in 1 - 2 years Total marketable securities 
 The Company may sell investments at any time for use in current operations even if they have not yet reached maturity. As a result, the Company classifies marketable securities, including securities with maturities beyond twelve months as current assets. 
 
 5. 
 Furniture and office equipment Computer equipment Software Leasehold improvements Property and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. All of the Company s long-lived assets were located in the United States. 
 
 Sale of Assets 
 On April 12, 2023, based on the review of the inconclusive interim results from the Company's Phase 1/2 clinical trial of pegtarviliase for the treatment of classical homocystinuria and other business considerations, the Company announced that it had initiated a process to explore strategic alternatives to maximize stockholder value and engaged an independent exclusive financial advisor to support this process. As a result, the Company implemented a restructuring plan resulting in an approximate reduction of the Company s existing headcount by June 30, 2023. 
 During the second quarter of 2023, the Company sold various lab equipment, consumables, and furniture and fixtures for total consideration of million. After recording the disposal of all the Company's property and equipment net of proceeds, the Company recorded a million and million loss on disposal of long lived assets which is included in Research and development and General and administrative expenses, respectively. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Accrued contracted research and development costs Accrued professional and consulting fees Other Total accrued and other current liabilities 
 
 7. 
 of the Company's capital stock through their respective holdings of the Company's common stock. Fairmount Funds Management LLC ("Fairmount") beneficially owns more than of the Company's capital stock on an as-converted basis, has seats on the Board and beneficially owns more than of Paragon, which is a joint venture between Fairmount and Fair Journey Biologics. Fairmount appointed Paragon's board of directors and has the contractual right to approve the appointment of any executive officers. Parapyre is an entity formed by Paragon as a vehicle to hold equity in Spyre in order to share profits with certain employees of Paragon. 
 In connection with the Asset Acquisition, the Company assumed the rights and obligations of Pre-Merger Spyre under the Paragon Agreement. Under the Paragon Agreement, Spyre is obligated to compensate Paragon for its services performed under each research program based on the actual costs incurred with mark-up costs pursuant to the terms of the Paragon Agreement. As of the date of the Asset Acquisition, Pre-Merger Spyre had incurred total expenses of million under the Paragon Agreement since inception, which included the million research initiation fee and million of reimbursable expenses under the Paragon Agreement for historical costs owed to Paragon. As of the acquisition date, million was unpaid and was assumed by the Company through the Asset Acquisition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized expenses related to services provided by Paragon subsequent to the Asset Acquisition totaling million, which included million of stock-based compensation expense, and were recorded as Research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023, million was unpaid and was included in Related party accounts payable and other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company made payments totaling million to Paragon . 
 On July 12, 2023 and December 14, 2023, the Company exercised the Option available under the Paragon Agreement with respect to the SPY001 and SPY002 research programs, respectively, and expects to enter into the SPY001 License Agreement and the SPY002 License Agreement. 
 Following the execution of each of the SPY001 License Agreement and SPY002 License Agreement, the Company will be obligated to pay Paragon up to million upon the achievement of specific development, regulatory and clinical milestones for the first product under each agreement, respectively, that achieves such specified milestones. Upon execution of each of the SPY001 License Agreement and the SPY002 License Agreement, we expect to pay Paragon a million fee for nomination of a development candidate, as applicable, and the Company expects to be obligated to make a further milestone payment of million upon the first dosing of a human patient in a Phase 1 trial. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Related party accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 December 2023 PIPE 
 The December 2023 Investors included Fairmount, a related party. Fairmount's participation in the December 2023 PIPE was approved by the Company's board of directors. Fairmount's investment accounted for million of the million gross proceeds raised in the December 2023 PIPE. 
 Mark McKenna Option Grant 
 On February 1, 2024, the Board appointed Mark McKenna as a Class I director. Mr. McKenna and the Company are parties to a consulting agreement, pursuant to which Mr. McKenna agreed to continue to provide consulting services as an independent contractor to the Company, with an effective date of August 1, 2023 (the Vesting Commencement Date ). As compensation for Mr. McKenna s consulting services, on November 22, 2023, he was granted non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock under the Company's equity incentive plan with an exercise price of per share, which vest as to on the anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date and thereafter vest and become exercisable in th equal monthly installments, subject to Mr. McKenna s continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized million in stock-based compensation expense related to Mr. McKenna's consulting agreement. There was such expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 8. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Common Stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock to former Pre-Merger Spyre security holders. In addition, outstanding and unexercised stock options to purchase shares of common stock were assumed from the Amended and Restated Spyre 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 At the acquisition date, the Company recorded forward contracts to represent the obligation to issue shares of the Company's Common Stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The forward contract related to the Common Stock was recorded as Additional paid-in capital as the instrument is indexed to the Company's Common Stock. The forward contract related to the Series A Preferred Stock was recorded as a liability, as the underlying stock has a cash redemption feature. On July 7, 2023, both the shares of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock were issued and the forward contract liability associated with the Series A Preferred Stock was settled accordingly. 
 The Company concluded that the arrangement meets the definition of an asset acquisition rather than a business combination, as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset, the Option to exclusively license IPR D. The Company determined that the Option to license IPR D was a single asset as the Company's strategy relies on developing the entire portfolio of individual treatments to create combination treatments that simultaneously address different mechanisms of irritable bowel disease with a single treatment. The Company also determined that the pipeline candidates within the portfolio are similar in nature and risk profile. In addition, the Company did not obtain any substantive processes, assembled workforce, or employees capable of producing outputs in connection with the Asset Acquisition. 
 The Company determined that the cost to acquire the asset was million which was recorded as acquired IPR D. The fair value of the consideration issued consisted of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis) and shares of Common Stock, valued at per share and per share, respectively. 
 Transaction costs incurred by the Company Total cost to acquire asset 
 The allocation of the purchase price to net assets acquired is as a follows: 
 June 22, 2023 Acquired in-process research and development Cash acquired Assumed liabilities ) Total cost to acquire asset 
 
 9. 
 research programs from Paragon in accordance with a license agreement to be entered into following each exercise of the Option. Under the Paragon Agreement, the terms of such license agreement 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 million in research initiation fees. In addition, Pre-Merger Spyre was obligated to compensate Paragon on a quarterly basis for its services performed under each research program based on the actual costs incurred with mark-up costs pursuant to the terms of the Paragon Agreement. As of the date of the Asset Acquisition, Pre-Merger Spyre had incurred total expenses of million under the Paragon Agreement since inception, which included the million research initiation fee and million of historical reimbursable expenses owed to Paragon. As of June 22, 2023, million was unpaid and was assumed by the Company through the Asset Acquisition. Furthermore, the Paragon Agreement provided for an annual equity grant of options to purchase of the then outstanding shares of Spyre s common stock, on a fully diluted basis, on the last business day of each calendar year, during the term of the Paragon Agreement, at the fair market value determined by the board of directors of Spyre. 
 As a result of the Asset Acquisition, the Company assumed the rights and obligations of Pre-Merger Spyre under the Paragon Agreement, including the Parapyre Option Obligation. Pursuant to the Paragon Agreement, on a research program-by-research program basis following the finalization of the research plan for each respective research program, the Company is required to pay Paragon a nonrefundable fee in cash of million. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred million, in costs reimbursable to Paragon, which were recorded as Research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company made payments totaling million to Paragon. 
 On July 12, 2023 and December 14, 2023, the Company exercised the Option available under the Paragon Agreement with respect to the SPY001 and SPY002 research programs, respectively, and expects to enter into the SPY001 License Agreement and the SPY002 License Agreement. Our Option available under the Paragon Agreement with respect to the SPY003 and SPY004 programs remains unexercised. 
 Following the execution of each of the SPY001 License Agreement and SPY002 License Agreement, the Company will be obligated to pay Paragon up to million upon the achievement of specific development, regulatory and clinical milestones for the first product under each agreement, respectively, that achieves such specified milestones. Upon execution of each of the SPY001 License Agreement and the SPY002 License Agreement, the Company expects to pay Paragon a million fee for nomination of a development candidate, as applicable, and the Company expects to be obligated to make a further milestone payment of million upon the first dosing of a human patient in a Phase 1 trial. Subject to the execution of the Option with respect to the SPY003 or SPY004 research programs, the Company expects to be obligated to make similar payments upon and following the execution of license agreements with respect to these research programs, respectively. 
 
 10. 
 . These optional periods were not considered in the determination of the right-of-use assets or lease liabilities associated with these leases as the Company did not consider it reasonably certain it would exercise the options. The Company performed evaluations of its contracts and determined it has both operating and finance leases. Variable lease expense for these leases primarily consisted of common area maintenance and other operating costs. 
 In April 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement (the Las Cimas Lease for its corporate headquarters and laboratory space located in Austin, Texas. The Las Cimas Lease included approximately square feet and commenced on April 30, 2019, with an expiration on April 30, 2028. The Company posted a customary letter of credit in the amount of million as security, which is subject to automatic reductions per the terms of the Las Cimas Lease. A tenant allowance of up to million was provided by the lessor and fully reimbursed to the Company. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million termination fee in exchange for releasing the Company of all further obligations under the lease including terminating the associated letter of credit. 
 Finance Other non-current assets Total leased assets Leases Current Operating Operating lease liabilities Finance Accrued and other current liabilities Non-current Operating Non-current operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Finance leases Discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 The following table summarizes the lease costs pertaining to the Company s operating leases (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 2021 Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively, and was included within net cash used in operating activities in the cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had operating or finance lease obligations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 shares of capital stock of which shares are designated as Common Stock and shares are designated as preferred stock, all with a par value of per share. Each holder of Common Stock is entitled to vote for each share of Common Stock held. The Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the board of directors may determine. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, Common Stock dividends had been declared by the board of directors. As of December 31, 2023 there were shares of Series A preferred stock and shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding. There were shares of Series A preferred stock or shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Registered Direct Offering 
 In May 2022, the Company issued and sold shares of Common Stock at an offering price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at an offering price of per warrant (representing the price per share of Common Stock sold in the offering minus the exercise price per warrant) in a registered direct offering pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3. The net proceeds to the Company from this offering were approximately million, after deducting placement agent fees and offering costs of million. 
 June 2023 PIPE 
 In June 2023, in connection with the Asset Acquisition, the Company issued and sold shares of Series A Preferred Stock at approximately per share through a private placement to a group of accredited investors. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately million, after deducting placement agent fees and offering costs of million. 
 December 2023 PIPE 
 In December 2023, the Company issued and sold shares of Common Stock at an offering price of per share and shares of Series B Preferred Stock at per share through a private placement to a group of accredited investors. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately million, after deducting placement agent fees and offering costs of million. 
 Parapyre Warrants 
 The Company settled its 2023 obligations under the Parapyre Option Obligation by issuing Parapyre warrants to purchase the Company's common stock, less the per share exercise price of each warrant. As of December 31, 2023, none of the warrants issued under the Parapyre Option Obligation have been exercised. See Note 15 for additional information on the Parapyre Option Obligation. 
 Pre-Funded Warrants 
 In May 2022, the Company issued pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock in underwritten public offerings at the offering price of the Common Stock, less the per share exercise price of each warrant. The warrants were recorded as a component of stockholders equity within additional paid-in capital and have no expiration date. Per the terms of the warrant agreements, the outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock may not be exercised if the holder s ownership of the Common Stock would exceed Maximum Ownership Percentage or for certain holders. By written notice to the Company, each holder may increase or decrease the Maximum Ownership Percentage to any other percentage (not in excess of for the majority of such warrants). The revised Maximum Ownership Percentage would be effective days after the notice is received by the Company. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Total pre-funded warrants 
 Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On June 22, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Certificate of Designation in connection with the Asset Acquisition and the PIPE. 
 Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to, on an as-if-converted-to-Common Stock basis, and in the same form as, dividends actually paid on shares of Common Stock. Except as provided in the Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law, the Series A Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock: (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series A Preferred Stock, or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or its Bylaws, or file any articles of amendment, certificate of designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of any series of Preferred Stock, if such action would adversely alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series A Preferred Stock, regardless of whether any of the foregoing actions will be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or otherwise, (b) issue further shares of Series A Preferred Stock or increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, (c) prior to the stockholder approval of the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rules (the Conversion Proposal or at any time while at least of the originally issued Series A Preferred Stock remains issued and outstanding, consummate (x) any Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) or (y) any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any stock sale to, or other business combination in which our stockholders immediately before such transaction do not hold at least a majority of our capital stock immediately after such transaction or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. The Series A Preferred Stock does not have a preference upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. 
 The Company held a stockholders meeting to submit the following matters to its stockholders for their consideration: (i) the approval of the Conversion Proposal, and (ii) if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company or as otherwise required by law or contract, the approval of an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize sufficient shares of Common Stock for the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement. In connection with these matters, the Company filed with the SEC a definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials. 
 Following stockholder approval of the Conversion Proposal, each share of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of Common Stock, subject to certain limitations, including that a holder of Series A Preferred Stock is prohibited from converting shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock if, as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than a specified percentage (established by the holder between and of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 
 On June 26, 2023, the Company completed a private placement of shares of Series A PIPE Securities in exchange for gross proceeds of million, or net proceeds of million, after deducting placement agent and other offering costs. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Series A Preferred Stock as part of its consideration transferred in connection with the Asset Acquisition that closed on June 22, 2023 which settled the related forward contract liability. For additional information, see Note 3. 
 On November 21, 2023, the Company's stockholders approved the Conversion Proposal, among other matters, at a special meeting of stockholders. As a result of the approval of the Conversion Proposal, all conditions that could have required cash redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock were satisfied. Since the Series A Preferred Stock is no longer redeemable, the associated balances of the Series A Preferred Stock were reclassified from mezzanine equity to permanent equity during the fourth quarter of 2023. In addition, shares of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted to shares of Common Stock; shares of Series A Preferred Stock did not automatically convert and remain outstanding as of December 31, 2023 due to beneficial ownership limitations. This conversion was recorded as a reclassification between Series A Preferred Stock and Common Stock based on the historical per-share contributed capital amount, inclusive of any forward-contract valuation adjustments, of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On December 8, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Series B Certificate of Designation in connection with the December 2023 PIPE. 
 Pursuant to the Series B Certificate of Designation, holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to, on an as-if-converted-to-Common Stock basis, and in the same form as, dividends actually paid on shares of Common Stock. Except as provided in the Series B Certificate of Designation or as otherwise required by law, the Series B Preferred Stock does not have voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series B Preferred Stock, or alter or amend the Series B Certificate of Designation, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or its Bylaws, or file any articles of amendment, certificate of designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of any series of Preferred Stock, if such action would adversely alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series B Preferred Stock, regardless of whether any of the foregoing actions will be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or otherwise. The Series B Preferred Stock does not have a preference upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. 
 The Company has agreed to use its best efforts to obtain stockholder approval of the conversion of all issued and outstanding Series B Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules (the "Series B Conversion Proposal") at its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, which the Company agreed to hold no later than May 15, 2024. The Series B Preferred Stock is recorded outside of stockholders equity because, if conversion to Common Stock is not approved by the stockholders, the Series B Preferred Stock will be redeemable at the option of the holders for cash equal to the closing price of the Common Stock per share of Common Stock underlying the Series B Preferred Stock, on the last trading day prior to the holder s redemption request. As of December 31, 2023, the redemption value of the Company's outstanding Series B Preferred Stock was million based on the closing stock price of the Company's Common Stock on December 31, 2023 of per share. The Company has determined that the Series B Preferred Stock did not contain any embedded derivatives and therefore the conversion and redemption features did not require bifurcation. 
 Following stockholder approval of the Series B Conversion Proposal, each share of Series B Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of the Common Stock, subject to certain limitations, including that a holder of Series B Preferred Stock is prohibited from converting shares of Series B Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock if, as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than a specified percentage (established by the holder between and of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Series B Preferred Stock in exchange for gross proceeds of million. 
 
 12. 
 million of the actual costs incurred in relation to such incremental services. 
 The Company received a non-refundable payment of million and Immedica agreed to provide payment of of the Company s costs incurred in performing the PIP Trial up to a maximum of million. In addition, the Company has the ability to receive additional payments under the agreement of up to approximately million in regulatory and commercial milestone payments, assuming an exchange rate of to 1.00. The Company is also entitled to receive royalties in the mid-20 percent range on net sales of the Product in the Territory. 
 The Company concluded that Immedica meets the definition to be accounted for as a customer because the Company is delivering intellectual property and other services within the Company s normal course of business, in which the parties are not jointly sharing the risks and rewards. Therefore, the Company concluded that the promises summarized above represent transactions with a customer within the scope of ASC 606. The Company determined that the following promises represent distinct promised services, and therefore, performance obligations: (i) the License, (ii) the PEACE Trial and BLA package, and (iii) the PIP Trial. 
 Specifically, in making these determinations, the Company considered the following factors: 
 - As of inception of the agreement, the Company had completed the Phase 1/2 clinical trial related to the Product and were conducting the ongoing PEACE Trial. Accordingly, the 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million must be included in the transaction price. Additionally, the Company determined at inception of the arrangement that of the estimated costs to be incurred in relation to the PIP Trial exceeded million and included the full reimbursement amount of million in the transaction price. Upon subsequent re-evaluation due to changing facts and circumstances, the Company determined the estimated costs are now less than the maximum allowable reimbursement and a portion of the variable consideration was constrained, which did not materially impact the revenue recognized to date. Additionally, upon the modification of the agreement in July 2021, the Company determined that the estimated costs to perform the additional services related to the PEACE Trial and BLA package exceeds the maximum allowable reimbursement of million. Therefore, the Company included an estimated total of million that will be due in relation to the PIP Trial, PEACE Trial, and BLA package in the transaction price and it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur in the future. In total, the modified transaction price was determined to be million. 
 The Company has allocated million and million of the modified transaction price to the PEACE Trial and BLA package and PIP Trial performance obligations, respectively, based on the stand-alone selling prices ("SSP"), which was based on the estimated costs that a third-party would charge in performing such services on a stand-alone basis. The SSP for the License was established at inception of the arrangement using a residual value approach due to the uniqueness of and lack of observable data related to the License, and without a specific analog from which to make reliable estimates, resulting in an allocation of million. 
 The potential regulatory milestone payments that the Company is eligible to receive were excluded from the transaction price, as the milestone amounts were fully constrained based on the probability of achievement, since the milestones relate to successful achievement of certain regulatory approvals, which might not be achieved. The Company determined that the royalties and commercial milestone payments relate predominantly to the license of intellectual property and are therefore excluded from the transaction price under the sales- or usage-based royalty exception of ASC 606. The Company will reevaluate the transaction price, including all constrained amounts, at the end of each reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur, the Company will adjust its estimate of the transaction price as necessary. The Company will recognize the royalties and commercial milestone payments as revenue when the associated sales occur, and relevant sales-based thresholds are met. The Company assessed the arrangement with Immedica and concluded that a significant financing component does not exist. 
 The Company recognized revenue allocated to the License performance obligation at a point in time and upon transfer of the License. The Company completed the transfer of the know-how necessary for Immedica to benefit from the License in June 2021 and recognized million of revenue at that time. The development fee allocated to the PEACE Trial, BLA package and PIP Trial performance obligations will be recognized over time using an input method of costs incurred related to the performance obligations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, related to the PEACE Trial and BLA package performance obligation using a cost to cost model. The Company recognized revenue of million related to the PEACE Trial and BLA package performance obligation using a cost to cost model and million related to the transfer of the License for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded deferred revenue of 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 million was classified as current. 
 On July 27, 2023, the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement to sell the global rights to pegzilarginase to Immedica for million in upfront cash proceeds and up to million in contingent milestone payments. The sale of pegzilarginase to Immedica superseded and terminated the previous license agreement between the Company and Immedica. On July 27, 2023, the carrying value of the asset was as it was internally developed. Accordingly, the Company recognized a million gain within Gain on Sale of in-process research and development, which is comprised of million in upfront cash proceeds and the reimbursement of million in pre-paid manufacturing costs that was contingent upon a favorable opinion being received by the CHMP, net of transaction costs and the derecognition of pegzilarginase related nonfinancial assets and liabilities totaling million. 
 The milestone payments are contingent on formal reimbursement decisions by national authorities in key European markets and pegzilarginase approval by the FDA, among other events. The upfront payment and contingent milestone payments if paid, net of expenses and adjustments, will reduce the CVR liability and will be distributed to CVR holders pursuant to the CVR Agreement resulting from the Asset Acquisition. 
 Contract Balances from Customer Contract 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in contract assets and contract liabilities on the balance sheets. The Company recognizes license and development receivables based on billed services, which are derecognized upon reimbursement. When consideration is received, or such consideration is unconditionally due, from a customer prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a contract, a contract liability is recorded. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue after control of the goods or services is transferred to the customer and all revenue recognition criteria have been met. 
 ) 
 The Company had contract assets during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

13. 
 million in upfront cash proceeds and up to million in contingent milestone payments. The sale of pegzilarginase to Immedica superseded and terminated the previous license agreement between the Company and Immedica. On July 27, 2023, the carrying value of the asset was zero as it was internally developed. Accordingly the Company recognized a million gain within Gain on sale of in-process research and development, which is comprised of million in upfront cash proceeds and the reimbursement of million in pre-paid manufacturing costs that was contingent upon a favorable opinion being received by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, net of transaction costs and the derecognition of pegzilarginase related nonfinancial assets and liabilities totaling million. 
 The milestone payments are contingent on formal reimbursement decisions by national authorities in key European markets and pegzilarginase approval by the FDA, among other events. Accordingly, the Company will recognize any future milestone payments once the contingency is resolved and payment is contractually required. The upfront payment and contingent milestone payments if paid, net of expenses and 
 34 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 
 days' prior written notice and immediately upon written notice if WuXi Biologics fails to obtain or maintain required material governmental licenses or approvals. Either party may terminate a work order (i) at any time upon prior notice with reasonable cause, provided however that if WuXi Biologics terminates a work order in such manner, termination or cancellation fees shall be paid by the Company and (ii) immediately for cause upon (a) the other party s material breach that remains uncured for days after notice of such breach, (b) the other party s bankruptcy or (c) a force majeure event that prevents performance for a period of at least days. 
 
 Cell Line License Agreement 
 
 In April 2023, Paragon and WuXi Biologics entered into the Cell Line License Agreement, which was subsequently novated to the Company by Paragon pursuant to the Novation Agreement. Under the Cell Line License Agreement, the Company received a non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license to certain of WuXi Biologics s know-how, cell line, biological materials (the WuXi Biologics Licensed Technology and media and feeds to make, have made, use, sell and import certain therapeutic products produced through the use of the cell line licensed by WuXi Biologics under the Cell Line License Agreement (the WuXi Biologics Licensed Products ). Specifically, the WuXi Biologics Licensed Technology is used in certain manufacturing activities in support of the SPY001 program. 
 
 In consideration for the license, the Company agreed to pay WuXi Biologics a non-refundable license fee of million . Additionally, if the Company manufactures all of its commercial supplies of bulk drug product with a manufacturer other than WuXi Biologics or its affiliates, the Company is required to make royalty payments to WuXi Biologics of less than percent of global net sales of WuXi Biologics Licensed Products manufactured by a third-party manufacturer (the Royalty ). If the Company manufactures part of its commercial supplies of the WuXi Biologics Licensed Products with WuXi Biologics or its affiliates, then the Royalty will be reduced accordingly on a pro rata basis. 
 
 The Cell Line License Agreement will continue indefinitely unless terminated (i) by the Company upon prior written notice and our payment of all undisputed amounts due to WuXi Biologics through the effective date of termination, (ii) by WuXi Biologics for a material breach by the Company that remains uncured for days after written notice, (iii) by WuXi Biologics if the Company fails to make a payment and such failure continues for days after receiving notice of such failure, or (iv) by either party upon the other party s bankruptcy. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 of the fair market value of the share of common stock on the date of grant, the term of stock options may not be greater than for all grants, and for grantees holding more than of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock, the term may not be greater than . 
 The Company granted options under the 2015 Plan until April 2016 when it was terminated as to future awards, although it continues to govern the terms of options that remain outstanding under the 2015 Plan. 
 As of December 31, 2023, a total of shares of Common Stock are subject to options outstanding under the 2015 Plan and will become available under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016 Plan to the extent the options are forfeited or lapse unexercised. 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The 2016 Plan became effective in April 2016 and serves as the successor to the 2015 Plan. Under the 2016 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards, and stock bonuses. The 2016 Plan provides for an initial reserve of shares of Common Stock, plus shares of Common Stock remaining under the 2015 Plan, and any share awards that subsequently are forfeited or lapse unexercised under the 2015 Plan. The shares reserved exclude shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan. 
 In October 2018, the 2016 Plan was amended to increase the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance thereunder by shares, extend the term of the 2016 Plan through August 7, 2028, and provide for an automatic increase in the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder on January 1 of each year for the remaining term of the plan equal to (a) of the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock on December 31 of the immediately preceding year, or (b) a lesser amount as approved by the board each year (the "Evergreen Provision"). As a result of the operation of each of these provisions, on January 1, 2023, 2022, and 2021, an additional , , and shares, respectively, became available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 
 In November 2023, the 2016 Plan was amended to (i) increase the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance thereunder by shares, (ii) revise the annual limit on non-employee director compensation from shares to (a) in total value or (b) in the year of the director s initial service as a non-employee director or in any year a director serves as chairman of the Board of Directors, in either case, applicable to fees paid in both cash and equity, (iii) remove the fixed termination date of the 2016 Plan and, (iv) revise the Evergreen Provision from to of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and to include shares issuable upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants and the conversion of outstanding shares of non-voting convertible preferred stock in the calculation. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the total number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan was , of which shares were subject to outstanding option awards and restricted unit awards. 
 2018 Equity Inducement Plan 
 In February 2018, the board of directors approved and adopted the 2018 Equity Inducement Plan 2018 Plan ), which became effective on the same date. The board of directors approved an initial reserve of shares of Common Stock to be used exclusively for individuals who were not previously employees or directors, or following a bona fide period of non-employment, as an inducement material to the individual entering into employment with the Company. Nonqualified stock options or restricted stock units may be granted 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Under the 2016 Plan and 2018 Plan, the Company may grant stock-based awards with service conditions service-based awards), performance conditions performance-based awards), and market conditions market-based awards). Service-based awards granted under the 2018 Plan, 2016 Plan, and 2015 Plan generally vest over and expire after , although awards have been granted with vesting terms less than . 
 The Company granted service-based restricted stock units RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2023 to certain employees under the 2018 Plan. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the total number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan was , of which shares were subject to outstanding awards. 
 Spyre 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On June 22, 2023, in connection with the Asset Acquisition, the Company assumed the Amended and Restated Spyre 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Spyre Equity Plan") and its outstanding and unexercised stock options, which were converted to options to purchase shares of Common Stock. The acquisition-date fair value of these grants will be recognized as an expense on a pro-rata basis over the vesting period. 
 Parapyre Option Obligation 
 On June 22, 2023, in connection with the Asset Acquisition, the Company assumed the Parapyre Option Obligation which provided for an annual equity grant of warrants for Parapyre to purchase of the then outstanding shares of Pre-Merger Spyre's common stock, on a fully diluted basis, on the last business day of each calendar year during the term of the Paragon Agreement, at the fair market value determined by the board of directors of Pre-Merger Spyre. 
 On September 29, 2023, the Company amended the Paragon Agreement to amend and restate certain terms of the option grant pertaining to the Parapyre Option Obligation, including but not limited to (i) defining that the annual equity grant of warrants is based on the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock, (ii) establishing the grant date as the last business day of 2023 and 2024, and (iii) defining the term of the warrants granted as . The Company determined that the 2023 and 2024 grants are two separate grants, as there would be no obligation for the 2024 grant had the Company exercised or terminated all of the options under the Paragon Agreement prior to December 31, 2023. The service inception period for the grant precedes the grant date, with the full award being vested as of the grant date with no post-grant date service requirement. Accordingly, a liability related to the Parapyre Option Obligation was recorded pursuant to the amended Paragon Agreement during 2023 interim periods. The Company determined that the grant date of the award was December 31, 2023, as all terms of the award, including number of shares and exercise price, were known by all parties. Accordingly, the Company measured the grant-date fair value of the warrants granted at approximately million as an equity-classified award, of which million was recognized as part of the liabilities assumed with the Asset Acquisition on June 22, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023, million was recognized as stock compensation expense related to the Parapyre Option Obligation. There was similar expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the unamortized expense related to the Parapyre Option Obligation was . 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2023 Options vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2023 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2023 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding, exercisable, vested and expected to vest were calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair value of the Company s Common Stock as of the reporting date. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was , , and , per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2021 was million and million, respectively. options were exercised in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 There were stock options issued to non-employees during the years ended December 31, 2023. There were stock options issued to non-employees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, non-employee stock options vested in the period. 
 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2016 ESPP became effective in April 2016. A total of shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance under the 2016 ESPP. Eligible employees may purchase shares of Common Stock under the 2016 ESPP at of the lower of the fair market value of the Common Stock as of the first or the last day of each offering period. Employees are limited to contributing of the employee s eligible compensation and may not purchase more than of stock during any calendar year. The 2016 ESPP will terminate from the first purchase date under the plan, unless terminated earlier by the board of directors. 
 In June 2018, the 2016 ESPP was amended to provide for an automatic annual increase in the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder on January 1 of each year for the remaining term of the year equal to (a) of the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock on December 31 of the immediately preceding year, or (b) a lesser amount as approved by the board of directors each year. As a result of the operation of this provision, on January 1, 2023, 2022 and 2021, an additional , , and shares, respectively, became available for issuance under the 2016 ESPP. As of December 31, 2023, the reserve remaining and available for future issuance under the 2016 ESPP was shares. 
 In February 2023, the 2016 ESPP was amended to increase the maximum shares purchased during any one period from shares to shares or a lesser amount determined by the board of directors. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, stock-based compensation expense related to the 2016 ESPP plan was di minimis. For the years ended 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expense related to the 2016 ESPP plan was million and million, respectively. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 restricted stock units to certain employees, with vesting terms subject to regulatory, commercial, and clinical milestones, in addition to a service condition. As of December 31, 2023 of these restricted stock units had vested and all restricted stock units were forfeited since the performance milestones were not met within the required time frame. stock-based compensation expense was recognized on these awards. 
 The Company granted service-based restricted stock units during the year ended December 31, 2023. There were restricted stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2023 
 There were restricted stock units granted to non-employees during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 related tax benefits were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (see Note 18). 
 The employee and non-employee awards contain both performance and service-based vesting conditions. expense was recognized for the unvested employee and non-employee awards with only a performance condition for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. The performance-based vesting conditions represent specific performance targets. Compensation expense for employee and non-employee share-based payment awards with performance conditions is recognized when the performance condition is deemed probable of achievement. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for options outstanding, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 In determining the fair value of the stock-based awards, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment to determine. 
 Expected Term 
 The Company s expected term represents the period that the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method (based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term). The Company utilizes this method due to lack of historical exercise data and the plain-vanilla nature of the Company s stock-based awards. 
 Expected Volatility 
 Since the Company was privately held through April 2016 and transitioned from a clinical stage company to a pre-clinical stage company in 2023, it alone does not have the relevant company-specific historical data to support its expected volatility. As such, the Company has used an average of expected volatilities based on the volatilities of a representative group of publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies over a period equal to the expected term of the stock option grants. Subsequent to the Company s initial public offering, it began to consider the Company s own historic volatility. However, due to the transition from a clinical stage company to a pre-clinical stage company, the Company still uses peer company data to assist in this analysis. For purposes of identifying comparable companies, the Company selected companies with comparable characteristics to it, including enterprise value, risk profiles, position within the industry, and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected life of the stock-based awards. The historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. The Company intends to consistently apply this process using the same or similar comparable entities until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of the Company s own share price post transition becomes available. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of option. 
 Expected Dividend 
 The Company has never paid dividends on its Common Stock and has no plans to pay dividends on its Common Stock. Therefore, the Company used an expected dividend yield of . 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Expected volatility Risk-free interest Dividend yield 2016 ESPP Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Risk-free interest Dividend yield 
 
 16. 
 million, million, and million, respectively, in contributions to the plan. 
 
 17. 
 reduction of the Company s existing headcount by June 30, 2023. The Company recognized restructuring expenses consisting of cash severance payments and other employee-related costs of million during the year ended December 31, 2023. Cash payments for employee related restructuring charges of million were paid as of December 31, 2023. In addition, the Company recognized million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of stock-based awards for certain employees. The Company recorded these restructuring charges based on each employee s role to the respective research and development and general and administrative operating expense categories on its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 ) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 million. After recording the disposal of all the Company's property and equipment net of proceeds, the Company recorded a million and million loss on disposal of long lived assets which is included in Research and development and General and administrative expenses, respectively. 
 Lease Right-of-use Asset and Leasehold Improvement Impairment 
 Effective June 30, 2023, the Company abandoned its leased office space in Austin, Texas. As a result, the Company recognized an impairment loss of million related to the operating lease right-of-use asset and million related to leasehold improvements. On August 7, 2023, the Company terminated its building lease in Austin, Texas. The negotiated termination agreement obligated the Company to pay the lessor a million termination fee in exchange for releasing the Company of all further obligations under the lease. 
 All charges related to the restructuring activities were recognized during the second quarter of 2023. No further restructuring charges will be incurred under the restructuring plan. 
 General and administrative Total 
 
 18.) ) ) Foreign Loss before income tax expense ) ) ) 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 provision or benefit from income taxes. For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized an income tax expense of million, related to foreign subsidiaries income tax expense and the Texas margins tax.) ) ) Loss on forward contract valuation Acquired IPR D Loss on CVR revaluation Other permanent differences Federal tax credits ) ) ) State tax credits ) ) Effect of tax rate on foreign jurisdiction ) ) Change in the valuation allowance Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 Capitalized 174 R D costs Intangible assets Deferred revenue Accrued expense Stock-based compensation Federal tax credits State tax credits Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Depreciable assets ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 The Company has established a full federal and state valuation allowance equal to the net deferred tax assets due to uncertainties regarding the realization of the deferred tax asset based on the Company s lack of earnings history. The valuation allowance increased by million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, primarily due to continuing loss from operations. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had U.S. net operating loss carryforwards NOL of million and million, respectively. For both the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had U.S. tax credit carryforwards and state tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. Of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards million and million, respectively, 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 wholly owned U.S. subsidiary corporations. The SRLY rules limit the consolidated group s use of a subsidiary corporation s net operating losses to the amount of income generated by the subsidiary corporation after it becomes a member of the group. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL or research and development credit carryforwards before utilization. Further, until a study is completed and any limitation known, amounts are being considered as an uncertain tax position or disclosed as an unrecognized tax benefit. Additionally, the Company does not expect any unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next twelve months. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, future changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits will not impact its effective tax rate. Any carryforwards that will expire prior to utilization as a result of such limitations will be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. 
 The Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities in its significant jurisdictions for the 2019 and subsequent years. However, due to NOL and tax attribute carryovers, the taxing authorities have the ability to adjust the NOLs and other tax attributes related to closed years. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2023, undistributed earnings of the Company s incorporated foreign subsidiaries are immaterial. Under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI provisions of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, U.S. income taxes have been incurred on the undistributed earnings of the foreign subsidiaries and therefore, the tax impact upon distribution is limited to state income and withholding taxes and is not material. 
 
 19. 
 and as restated is . Net loss per share attributable to holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock was not previously presented. 
 
 All related amounts have been updated to reflect the effects of the restatement throughout the financial statements and related footnotes, as applicable. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

45 

Table of Contents ) ) Denominator 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Weighted-average pre-funded warrants outstanding 
 Number of shares used in per share computation 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 
 Numerator 
 Allocation of losses 
 ) Denominator 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Weighted-average pre-funded warrants outstanding 
 Number of shares used in per share computation 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 
 Numerator 
 Allocation of losses 
 ) Denominator 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Weighted-average pre-funded warrants outstanding 
 Number of shares used in per share computation 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Unvested restricted stock units Outstanding Parapyre Warrants 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, management performed, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. At the time the Company filed the Original Filing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2023. 
 Subsequent to the Original Filing and solely in connection with this Amendment, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer reevaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023 as the Company did not design and maintain effective controls related to the earnings per share calculation as further discussed under Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting below. 
 Notwithstanding the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have concluded that our consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of our operations and our cash flows for the periods presented in this Annual Report, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (as restated) 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. 
 In Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting included in the Original Filing, our management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 
 Solely in connection with this Amendment, the Company has reevaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and identified a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Subsequent to the Original Filing and in connection with this Amendment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. The Company did not design and maintain effective controls related to the earnings per share calculation, as there was not an effectively designed control in place to evaluate the treatment of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock for the purpose of calculating earnings per share under the two-class method. 
 The material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s previously filed consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as the quarterly condensed consolidated financial information for the 2024 interim periods ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2024 related to earnings per share. Additionally, the material weakness could result in further misstatements of the earnings per share calculation that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 Our management subsequently concluded that the material weakness described above existed as of December 31, 2023. As a result, we have concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Accordingly, our management has revised its report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. For as long as we remain a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and report less than 100 million of annual revenues in our most recent fiscal year, we intend to take advantage of the exemption permitting us not to comply with the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Remediation Plan 
 Our remediation process includes, but is not limited to, enhancing the design of the control relevant to the calculation of net earnings (loss) per share calculations and disclosures to ensure that economic substance beyond the legal form of our capital structure is considered when calculating net earnings (loss) per share. We believe that these actions will remediate the material weakness. The material weakness will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate, and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8 herein. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Incorporate by Reference Description of Document Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 22, 2023, by and among the Company, Aspen Merger Sub I, Inc., Sequoia Merger Sub II, LLC and Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 2.1 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 3.2 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 3.3 3.4 Certificate of Designations of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 3.4 4.1 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company and certain purchasers (December 2023 PIPE) 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 4.1 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 4.2 4.3 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 7, 2023, by and among Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. and each purchaser identified on Annex A thereto 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 4.3 4.4 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company and certain purchasers (June 2023 PIPE) 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 4.4 4.5 
 Description of the Registrant's securities 
 4.6 Form of Pre-Funded Warrants 2022 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 4.5 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.19 10.2 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.7 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporate by Reference Description of Document Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 10.3 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated Effective November 21, 2023 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.8 10.4 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended by the First Amendment on January 31, 2024 
 10.5 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Equity Inducement Plan and the First Amendment, Second Amendment, Third Amendment and Fourth Amendment thereto 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.10 10.6 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Inducement Plan 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.11 10.7 
 Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.12 10.8 
 Form of Stock Restriction Agreement 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.13 10.9 
 Form of Severance Agreement 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.14 10.10 
 Biologics Master Services Agreement, effective June 20, 2022, by and between Paragon Therapeutics, Inc. and WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.1 10.11 
 Cell Line License Agreement, effective June 20, 2022, by and between Paragon Therapeutics, Inc. and WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.2 10.12 Novation Agreement, dated September 19, 2023, by and between Paragon Therapeutics, Inc., the Company and WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.3 10.13 
 Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated November 22, 2023 and as amended on February 1, 2024, by and between the Company and Cameron Turtle 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.4 10.14 
 Amended and Restated Antibody Discovery and Option agreement, dated September 29, 2023, by and between Paragon Therapeutics, Inc., Parapyre Holding LLC and Spyre Therapeutics, LLC 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.5 10.15 
 Separation and Consulting Agreement and General Release of Claims by and between the Company and Jonathan Alspaugh, dated as of September 22, 2023 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.15 10.16 
 Offer Letter, dated August 10, 2023, by and between the Company and Scott Burrows 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.16 10.17 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 27, 2023, by and between the Company and Immedica Pharma AB 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.17 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporate by Reference Description of Document Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit No. Filed Herewith 10.18 Lease Termination Agreement dated August 7, 2023, between the Company and Las Cimas Owner LP 
 S-1/A 
 333-276251 
 2/5/2024 10.18 
 10.19 Offer Letter, dated August 18, 2023, by and between the Company and Heidy King-Jones 
 10.20 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Mark McKenna, effective August 1, 2023 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 X 24.1 
 Power of Attorney included on Signatures page of the unamended Original Filing). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 The cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 
 ___________________________________ 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Previously filed with the Original Filing. 
 (1) The certifications on Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 18, 2024 
 SPYRE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 By: /s/ Scott Burrows 
 Scott Burrows 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

53 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex231spyre2023formconsent1.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-281975 and 333-282252) and S-8 (Nos. 333-210633, 333-216903, 333-223614, 333-230137, 333-236584, 333-254430, 333-263357, 333-270208, 333-276256, 333-277542 and 333-283065) of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. of our report dated February 29, 2024, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is November 18, 2024 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Austin, Texas 
 November 18, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 spyre-20241231xex311a.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Cameron Turtle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K A of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 18, 2024 
 s Cameron Turtle, D.Phil Cameron Turtle, D.Phil 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 spyre-20241231xex312a.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Scott Burrows, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K A of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 18, 2024 
 s Scott Burrows Scott Burrows Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 spyre-20241231xex321a.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications of the 
 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Spyre Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K A for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 18, 2024 
 s Cameron Turtle, D.Phil 
 Cameron Turtle, D.Phil 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) s Scott Burrows Scott Burrows Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 syre-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 syre-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 syre-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 syre-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 syre-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

