<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241118_10-K-A_edgar_data_1720286_0001477932-24-007341.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2447574</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68719</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>540458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>586075</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>504534</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>695108</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007341.hdr.sgml : 20241118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241118060157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007341
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERNET SCIENCES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720286
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				812775456
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55897
		FILM NUMBER:		241469638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		667 MADISON AVE.
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-823-6272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		667 MADISON AVE.
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Luxury Trine Digital Media Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Luxury Trine Digital Media Group
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007341.txt : 20241118

10-K/A
 1
 insi_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

insi_10ka.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from ______ to ______. Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , NY (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) - Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check all that apply): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of December 31, 2023, Class A common shares and Class B common shares are Issued and Outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE As this auditor had its registration revoked by the PCAOB, ISI may not include audit reports or consents from this auditor in its filings with the SEC on or after the date of the order. The SEC further advised that if an auditor who had its registration revoked by the PCAOB audited any portion of the financial statements that are required to include in filings ISI makes with the SEC on or after the order date, ISI should obtain a re-audit from a firm that is currently registered with the PCAOB. On November 4, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and in consultation with management approved the appointment of Phyphar Inc, a PCAOB registered public accounting firm as the Company's new auditor to perform the re-audit of the fiscal year ending on 12/31/23 and review for the period ending on 9/30/24. As a result, our prior 10-K report for the fiscal year ending on 12/31/23 filed with the SEC on April 15, 2024 should no longer be relied upon. i Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 5 Item 2. Properties. 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 5 Item 4. (Removed and Reserved) 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 6 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 6 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 6 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 10 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 10 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 25 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 25 Item 9B. Other Information. 27 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 28 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 29 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 31 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 31 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 31 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 32 SIGNATURES 33 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Internet Sciences Inc. ISI or the Company ), formerly known as Luxury Trine Digital Media Group Inc., is an early stage emerging diversified information and communications technology company specializing in cutting-edge digital transformation services, including new-media technology; telecommunication and network carrier services; IoT-enabled solutions; and managed ICT, managed cloud services, data centers and co-location services. Founded in 2016, and based in New York, N.Y., ISI seeks to operate internationally with a global team known for its technological expertise, deep industry knowledge, world-class research and analytical capabilities, and innovative mindset. ISI seeks to transform corporations, enterprises, and government entities by providing best-in-class solutions, rooted in and driven by the technology, data, and organizational strategy required for operational excellence. We plan to have interdisciplinary teams to work in close collaboration with clients, helping them to solve their biggest problems utilizing a user-centric, data-driven approach focusing on creating seamless unified experiences across all digital, communication and physical touch points. Our mission is to help advance critical milestones in the future of communication technology. How We Create Value for Clients Our top priorities are to manage and deliver products and services of acquired companies while concurrently extending our current product and service offerings to meet clients needs. Our core value proposition is designed to offer: Convenience Our goal will be to provide a comprehensive offering of products and services to meet all of the information and communications technology needs of our clients. We will provide semi-annual proposals with a list of recommendations to be implemented within ISI s family of companies. Cost Effectiveness Since ISI will use bundle pricing for its products and services, clients will benefit from our ability to provide lower prices in a bundle than purchasing individual stand-alone products or services. Our Broad Inventory of the Existing Products and Services of the Acquisition Targets: Broadband Telecom and Voice Services Gigabit WAN connectivity via wireless and wired leased lines. Structured cabling design and installation Digital Signage and IPTV solutions Wired and Wireless Surveys SME enterprise network design Network installation and build Cloud hosting and virtualization Systems integration Software development Consultancy 3 Table of Contents Onsite Infrastructure Support Network management Service management Onsite network support Data Centers and Co-location Services Hybrid co-locations Hyperscale Cloud solutions Managed services Connectivity Our Market Opportunity We see our market opportunities as follows: Opportunities in building a high margin business model-open-source platform, software and hardware which offer substantial cost-savings on licenses, with better security and reliability than many leading closed-source platforms. We intend to target acquisitions in digital telecommunication that are Tier 2 network providers, furthering opportunities with services delivered over guaranteed access networks, increasing security, quality, and speed: By migrating future clients who might use legacy technology to more efficient technology, this migration will significantly increase rental margins. By marketing internet hosted telephone platforms to satisfy demand in the global marketplace for telephone systems and services in the cloud. By integrating existing installations into multimedia contact center environment. By capitalizing on general transposition of IT services not in the cloud, requiring the faster, more robust internet connectivity that some of the acquisition targets are primed to provide. By integrating voice services with multimedia contact center applications. Our Corporate Strategy The Company s corporate strategy focuses on executing a two-tier growth strategy: a. Growth by acquiring existing revenue producing companies with at least 10 years of operations in the technology spaces in which they operate, a critical mass of customers, ownership of key intellectual property assets and that provide critical services to business and government customers. b. Organic growth by developing product and services in new business segments in horizontal markets for diversification across geographies, industries, and customers. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 4 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None Item 2. Properties. We do not own any real estate or other properties and have not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None 5 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we to apply for quotation on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) and OTC Markets to list and trade our stock, then up list to NASDQ Capital Markets with an IPO. In order to be quoted on the OTCBB and OTC Markets, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, who, speaking, must approve the first quotation of a security by a market maker on the OTCBB or OTC Markets, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. Item 6. [Reserved]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Management s Discussion and Analysis This section of the Form 10-K includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions. Capital Resources and Liquidity We need to seek capital from resources such as the sale of private placements in the Company s common stock or debt financing, which may not even be available to the Company. However, if such financing were available, because we are an early-stage company with no or limited operations to date, we would likely have to pay additional costs associated with such financing and in the case of high-risk loans be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such financing. If the company cannot raise additional proceeds via such financing, it may be required to cease business operations. During the year ended December 31, 2023, our cashflows in and out were even as ending cash was at negative 10 and cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0. As of the date of this Form 10-K, the current funds available to the Company will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status. We are in the process of seeking additional equity financing in the form of private placements and in raising funds from registered securities to fund our intended business operations. Management believes that if subsequent private placements are successful or we are successful in raising funds from registered securities, we will generate sales revenue within twelve months thereof. However, additional equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and thus we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. 6 Table of Contents Results of Operations At December 31, 2023, the Company was not engaged in continued business and has been primarily involved in early-stage activities. Due to a lack of funding, we have not implemented our Plan of Operations. The Company has not yet implemented its business model. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. In the event we do not raise any proceeds, the Company s existing cash will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status and to implement its planned business. We had 0 in revenue for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 536,588 as compared to total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 72,857, and a net loss for years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 of 536,588 and 72,857, respectively. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 is a result of General and Administrative expenses of 3,375, Professional Fees of 41,298, and Compensation of 491,915. Conversely, the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from General and Administrative expenses of 1,799, Professional Fees of 5,920, and Compensation of 65,138. The increase in expenses in 2023 as compared to 2022 is primarily due to an increase in Compensation Expenses. Off-Balance sheet arrangements The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect or change on the company s financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with the company is a party, under which the company has (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. Plan of Operations On October 5, 2018, the Company changed its name to Internet Sciences Inc. ISI ). Internet Sciences Inc. ISI or the Company ), formerly known as Luxury Trine Digital Media Group Inc., is an early stage emerging diversified information and communications technology company specializing in cutting-edge digital transformation services, including new-media technology; telecommunication and network carrier services; IoT-enabled solutions; and managed ICT, managed cloud services, data centers and co-location services. ASC 810-10-25-38, Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities requires a variable interest entity VIE to be consolidated by a company if that company absorbs a majority of the VIE s expected losses and/or receives a majority of the entity s expected residual returns as a result of holding variable interests. Trine Digital Broadcasting is a VIE as defined by ASC 810-10-25-38. As ISI owns 49 of the VIE and the founder (CEO) majority shareholder (a related party) of ISI controls the remaining 51 , ISI has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of this VIE. The VIE was formed to expand the business of ISI into the United Kingdom. There are no formal explicit arrangements as of December 31, 2020, that requires ISI to provide financial support to the VIE, although financial support is. 7 Table of Contents We are unaware of any material risks associated with this VIE. ISI is an information and communications technology company that seeks to become a multi-industry technology-based enterprise primarily through merger and acquisition of business segments in new media technologies, digital telecommunication, data storage, IoT enabling technologies and cutting-edge ICT technologies for Data Analytics. Through its planned acquisitions in the United States and the United Kingdom, the Company expects to reach a broad base of existing clients across Continental Europe, principally in the United Kingdom, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxemburg. While ISI s primary activities in the United Kingdom will focus on delivering managed high performance WIFI networks, managed ITC solutions, , its US operations will sharply focus data centers and co-location services, internet exchange services and on organic growth by launching new business segments that design commercial intelligent software applications in Business Analytics and Business Intelligence , scalable cloud based platforms that deliver enterprise solutions as Platform-as -a -Service (PaaS) and infrastructure solutions as Infrastructure-as-a service (IaaS). As a complement to its total products and service offerings across the entire Company landscape and global footprint, ISI seeks to add value by offering its consulting services with expertise in artificial intelligence, data analytics, supply chain and logistics. The Company s principal place of business is 667 Madison Avenue 5th Floor, New York, NY 10065 Luxury Trine TV Luxury Trine TV is an OTT platform with TV software assets owned by Internet Sciences which distributed short form luxury lifestyle information and entertainment content to diverse consumer segments via smart TV platforms and set top boxes from June 2017 to July 2018. The company developed 6 proprietary TV applications for Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, Roku TV, Samsung, LG and Android TV. As of July 2018, the Company has ceased its broadcasting activities in the US, and it is preparing to relaunch its broadcasting activities in the UK via Trine Digital Broadcasting Ltd (the VIE ). The Company has chosen to change its strategy by focusing on a UK audience through connected Free view which is a hybrid of terrestrial TV and OTT. 8 Table of Contents Freeview (terrestrial) is the largest UK broadcasting platform available in 18.3 million UK households (this includes homes that have two or more platforms i.e., Free view and another platform) and dedicated Free view only homes equate to 11.4 million UK households. See below figures: - Freeview 18.31 million UK households Freeview ONLY 11.4 Sky 8.6 Cable 4.17 YouView 2.2 Other Sat 1.18 Freesat 1.18 Connected Free view is IP streamed TV which appears on the main Freeview EPG and Ofcom estimates now that three quarters of UK households have either a connected or smart TV in their homes. (See link https://www.ofcom.org.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0011/222401/communications-market-report-2021.pdf) Trine Digital Broadcasting LTD. (the VIE Trine Digital Broadcasting Ltd is a UK based broadcasting company that will distribute both short form and long form television content via a hybrid of terrestrial TV and OTT enabling advertisers to reach critical mass audiences with diverse forms of access to television contents. The VIE s objectives are twofold: a. Develop Software as a Service SaaS broadcast technology products to expand its commercial activities. b. Bring addressable TV to the US once there is a market for HbbTV in the US. Presently there is no market for Hybrid broadcast broadband TV HbbTV in the US and addressable TV is an opportunity gap that we intend to fill with HbbTV enabling technologies in the US market. Based upon the growth of the UK media market, our initial focus for Trine Digital Broadcasting Ltd., will be in the UK where we intend to acquire existing UK based media companies to deploy our strategies which include strategic alliances with UK based companies to balance market penetration, market development, product development and diversification. 1 Over-the-top content (OTT) is the audio, video, and other media content delivered over the Internet without the involvement of a multiple-system operator (MSO) in the control or distribution of the content. 9 Table of Contents According to a 2021 Price Waterhouse Global Entertainment Media Outlook, the UK is forecasted to return to growth this year and continues to grow over the next four years driven by sectors liberated from Covid restrictions. By 2025, the UK is set to overtake Germany as the biggest E M market in Western Europe by revenue. Digital advertising is forecast to continue to forge ahead, rising at a CAGR of almost 8 over the next four years, twice as fast as non-digital. UK compound annual growth rate to outpace global over the forecast period Total UK advertising spend to grow at 7 p.a. over the next 5 years as it recovers from the pandemic disruption Total UK consumer spending on Entertainment Media to grow at 5 p.a. over the next 5 years, driven by continued digital downloads, access and consumption PwC forecasts growth will rebound 9 this year and over the forecast period at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5 outpacing the expected growth in E M revenues at a global level. By 2025, the UK s E M sector is expected to be worth 88bn with only the US, China, and Japan worth more globally. Latest forecasts support optimism about augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) growing to a value of more than 44.7 billion worldwide by 2024. By 2025, the UK s E M sector is expected to be worth 88bn with only the US, China, and Japan worth more globally. The UK is a key driver for these sectors within Europe, which is forecast to hold a 25 share of the global market behind only the US and the Asia-Pacific region. The implications of these studies suggest that we will benefit from current and future growth in new media by focusing, identifying, and investing in growing and emerging sectors as we recognize the innovative nature of British enterprises is critical as the technologies seek new use cases outside of the gaming industry. Our Competition Our competitive landscape is as diverse as the business segments in which we seek to operate. We face competition from some of the largest and best capitalized companies in the United States and throughout the world and include media conglomerate such as Google, Apple, British Telecom, Amazon to smaller technology consulting companies such as Critical Future. These and other niche companies have greater name recognition and financial resources, enabling them to finance acquisition and development opportunities or develop and support their own operations. They may also be in a position to pay higher prices than we would for the same acquisition opportunities. Consequently, we may encounter significant competition in our efforts to achieve our internal and external growth objectives. Many of our competitors have established methods of operation that have been proven over time to be successful. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 10 Table of Contents PHYPHAR INC Certified Public Accounting Firm REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Internet Sciences Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Internet Sciences Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023, and the related statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the single year ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the single year ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The prior period for the year, ended December 31, 2022 was audited by the predecessor auditor, and remains unchanged with an unqualified opinion as issued by the respective auditor, as per the audited reported dated April 17, 2023. Emphasis of Matter Going Concern Considerations The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses since inception and has not achieved profitable operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. This is addressed through discussions with Management s plans concerning these matters are described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 29 Walter Hammond Pl, Waldwick NJ 07463 tel: 201.444.4648 | fax: 201.447.2922 | www.phyphar.com 11 Table of Contents PHYPHAR INC Certified Public Accounting Firm Impairment of Intangible Assets Intellectual Property As indicated in Note 2, Intangible Assets and Intellectual Property follow guidelines of evaluation under ASC 360. The ASC involves the use of estimates concerning the useful life valuation of the intangible asset, and the value of the asset to the entity. The industry of the entity is fast changing with limits on useful life of technology. This creates a unique environment of on-going change and perplexity. The value presented is through the value exchanged for the issuance of stock for purchase of the intellectual property. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the intangible asset is a critical audit matter are (i) there was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the fair value measurement of the acquired intangible asset due to the significant amount of judgment by management when developing the estimate for useful life; (ii) significant audit effort was necessary to perform procedures and evaluate audit evidence related to the useful life of the asset. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Company s reporting units and controls over development of the significant assumptions including the revenue growth rates and discount rate. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate; evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models used in management s estimate; testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of underlying data used in the models; and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management, including the revenue growth rates and discount rate. Evaluating management s assumptions related to the revenue growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. The discount rate was evaluated by considering the cost of capital of comparable businesses and other industry factors. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. November 13, 2024 PCAOB ID 29 Walter Hammond Pl, Waldwick NJ 07463 tel: 201.444.4648 | fax: 201.447.2922 | www.phyphar.com 12 Table of Contents Internet Sciences Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, December 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Receivables Total Current Assets Intellectual Property - Software TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Due to Related Party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT Common Stock, par value authorized Common Stock Class A, shares designated, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively Common Stock Class B, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity TOTAL Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 13 Table of Contents Internet Sciences Inc. Consolidated Statement of Income Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 Revenue Operating Expenses General and Administrative Professional Fees Compensation Total Operating Expenses Operating Loss ) Net Loss before Taxes Income tax provision Net Loss before Taxes Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net Loss attributable to Internet Sciences, Inc. Net loss per share, basic and diluted Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 14 Table of Contents Internet Sciences Inc. Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 Common Stock Common Stock Additional Total Class A Class B Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit - - Balance - December 31, 2021 - - Issuance of common shares for services Issuance of common shares for services officers and Directors Issuance of common shares for cash at 0.25 per share 12,000 12 2,988 3,000 Net Loss Balance - December 31, 2022 - - Issuance of common shares for services officers and directors - Issuance of common shares for Intellectual property - Issuance of common shares for Related Party Debt - Issuance of common shares for cash at 1.26 per share - Net Loss Balance - December 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 15 Table of Contents Internet Sciences Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile Net Income to Net Cash: Stock Based Compensation Changes in Assets and Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVIES Cash used to acquire IP asset Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from related party Stock Based Repayment of Related Company Debt Stock Based Compensation Other Issues of Common Stock Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash for the period Cash at the beginning of the period Cash at the end of the period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activity Issuance of common shares for repayment of related party accruals The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 16 Table of Contents Internet Sciences Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2023 Principles of Consolidation Institute of Technology, Informatics Computer Analytics LLC (IoTICA) Analygence Limited (AL) The Company s functional and reporting currency is the United States dollar. The functional currency of TDB and AL is the British pound. On consolidation, the subsidiary translates its assets and liabilities to U.S. dollars using foreign exchange rates, which prevailed at the balance sheet date and translates its revenues and expenses using average exchange rates during the period. Gains and losses arising on settlement of foreign currency denominated transactions are included in other income (expense), while translation gains (losses) are reported as other comprehensive income (loss). No foreign currency translation or transactions gains or losses were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2023 or 2022 due to the absence of operations in the UK subsidiaries. In the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Company, intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. 17 Table of Contents of the VIE and the founder (CEO) majority shareholder (a related party) of ISI controls the remaining , ISI has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of this VIE. The VIE was formed to expand the business of ISI into the United Kingdom. There are no formal explicit arrangements as of December 31, 2023, that require ISI to provide financial support to the VIE, although financial support is implied by the relationship. There were no assets or liabilities of the VIE as of December 31, 2023. The Company has not provided funding to TDB to date; therefore, there have been no operations. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents insures each the Company s accounts at these institutions. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not reach bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 18 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition 19 Table of Contents Income Taxes likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not have any interest and penalties associated with tax positions, or significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. Stock Based Compensation Earnings (Loss) per Share 20 Table of Contents Net loss per common shares outstanding: Common stock - Class A Common stock - Class B Total of Class A and Class B Weighted average shares outstanding: Class A common stock Class B common stock Total weighted average shares outstanding Company did not have potentially dilutive instruments outstanding. For years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no potentially dilutive securities outstanding. Related Parties Recent Accounting Pronouncements . Cash Flow indicates negative cash provided by operations. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company had a net loss of , with the issuance of equity to cover compensation, and financing activities. The Company indicates working capital deficiencies for the year ended December 31, 2023 to be . These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issue date of this report. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon initiating sales, obtaining additional capital, and financing. The Company plans to raise funds through its planned Initial Public Offering and through a pre-listing private market raise. There is currently no public market for the company s common stock. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to initiate sales volume and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments to reflect the possible effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 21 Table of Contents and , respectively, in non-interest-bearing demand loans to the Company, and was repaid and , respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were and , respectively, due to the Company s CEO. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock to its officers and directors for services rendered to the Company. The shares were valued at fair market value of (2023) and (2022) per share, for total compensation of and during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the company s CEO had advanced in non-interest bearing demand loans to the company. In 2023, the company issued worth of Class A common stock to the Company s CEO in repayment of the advances made to the company in 2022. Those shares were valued at per share for a total repayment amount of . - Foreign Loss before income taxes United States of America Internet Sciences Inc. is registered in the State of Delaware and is subject to the tax laws of United States of America. The components of the Company s deferred tax asset and reconciliation of income taxes are computed at the new statutory rate of to the income tax amount recorded as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, the operations in the United States of America had incurred of cumulative net operating losses NOL which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards begin to if unutilized. NOLs generated in tax years prior to December 31, 2017, can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after December 31, 2017, can be carryforward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. United Kingdom The Company s subsidiary operating in United Kingdom are subject to the United Kingdom Profits Tax at a standard income tax rate of on the assessable income arising in United Kingdom during its tax year. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the operating activity of subsidiary was . 22 Table of Contents shares of common stock, par value of per share, with shares of common stock -class A designated and shares of common stock -class B designated. Each holder of common stock-class A and common stock-class B is entitled to one vote and three votes, respectively, for each such share outstanding in the holder s name. Common Stock- class A During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock to its officers and directors for services rendered to the Company. The shares were valued at fair market value of (2023) and (2022) per share, for total compensation of and during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued 0 (zero) and shares of Class A common stock to third parties for services rendered to the Company. The shares issued in 2022 were valued at fair market value of per share for total compensation expense of . During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued and shares of Class A common stock for cash. The shares were valued at fair market value of (2023) and (2022) per share for total proceeds of and during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year December 31, 2023, the company issued shares of Class A common stock to third parties for the acquisition of an IP Asset. The shares were valued at 2.00 per share for a total acquisition amount of . As of December 31, 2022, the company s CEO had advanced in non-interest bearing demand loans to the company. In 2023, the company issued worth of Class A common stock to the Company s CEO in repayment of the advances made to the company in 2022. Those shares were valued at per share for a total repayment amount of . As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and shares of common stock-class A issued and outstanding, respectively. 23 Table of Contents shares of common stock-class B issued and outstanding. There were no issuances of class B during 2023 or 2022. During the Year 2024, the Company made one sale, resulting in a concentration risk of customer base. The company up until September 30th, 2024 is still subject to the Going Concern Considerations, with no change to the disclosures in Note 3. 24 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In connection with this annual report, as required by Rule 13a -15d and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our company s management, including our company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2021 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 25 Table of Contents Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial officer and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions. 2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and receipts and expenditures are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and 3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. As of December 31, 2023, management determined material weaknesses occurred over our internal control over financial reporting as discussed below. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. Due to these material weaknesses management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023. 26 Table of Contents Material Weakness Discussion and Remediation Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s previous reported financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the Company s determination to its financial statements for the future periods. We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the small business issuer s last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 27 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. Identification of directors and executive officers Our directors serve until their successor are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board of Directors to a term of one (1) year and serve until their successor(s) is duly elected and qualified, or until they are removed from office. The Board of Directors has no nominating or compensation committees. The Company s current Audit Committee consists of our officers and directors. The name, address, age and position of our present officers and directors is set forth below: Name Age Position(s) Lynda Chervil 52 Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 1 The person named above held this office from May 20, 2016, and is expected to hold his offices/positions at least until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. 28 Table of Contents Lynda Chervil Chairman/President/CEO/Treasurer Lynda Chervil is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board of Directors. She graduated from New York University with a Master of Science in Integrated Marketing Communications and has held many roles in new business sales development, executive leadership, sales management, marketing strategy development, deployment, and implementation. Prior to venturing into entrepreneurial pursuits, Ms. Chervil led and managed a consumer and commercial bank market of 1.1 billion at Wells Fargo Bank for five years with full P/L accountability. She is both a Fellow of the Institute of Consulting and Chartered Management Institute in the United Kingdom and a recipient of Level 7 Award in Professional Consulting conferred by both the Institute of Consulting and the Chartered Management Institute for writing a disquisition on Strategy Consulting. Significant Employees The Company does not, at present, have any employees other than the current officers. We have not entered into any employment agreements, as we currently do not have any employees other than the current officers. Family Relations There are no family relationships among the Directors and Officers of Internet Sciences Inc. Involvement in Legal Proceedings No Executive Officer or Director of the Company has been convicted in any criminal proceeding or is the subject of a criminal proceeding that is currently pending. No Executive Officer or Director of the Company is involved in any bankruptcy petition by or against any business in which they are a general partner or executive officer at this time or within two years of any involvement as a general partner, executive officer, or Director of any business. Item 11. Executive Compensation. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued 136,000 and 206,000 shares of common stock -class A for services rendered by Executives and Directors at fair market value of 0.36 (2023) and 0.25 (2022), for total compensation of 48,500 and 52,250, respectively. Ms. Chervil s address is 626 Madison Avenue 5 th Floor, New York, New York 10065. 29 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. STOCK AWARDS Name and Principal Position Year Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Lynda Chervil 2023 - - - - President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of Board of Directors 2022 - - - - Matt Liotine 2023 - - - - Chief Technology Officer 2022 - - - - Dennis Irby 2023 - - - - Chief Financial Officer 2022 - - - - There were no grants of stock options since inception to the date of this Form 10-K. We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. The Board of Directors of the Company has not adopted a stock option plan. The company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this plan may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. The Company may develop an incentive based stock option plan for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. Stock Awards Plan The company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan, but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 30 Table of Contents Director Compensation The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our directors for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the periods ending December 31, 2023 and 2022.: DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Year Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Lynda Chervil 2023 - 206,500- - - - 206,500 2022 52,500 52,500 Mark Deutsch 2023 - 1,875- - - - 1,875 2022 - 5,000 - - - - 5,000 Michael Kahn 2023 - 1,875- - - - 1,875 2022 - 0 - - - - 0 Mark Maybury 2023 - 2,500 - - - 2,500 2022 - 3,125 - - - - 3,125 Lisa Johnson Pratt 2023 - 1,875- - - - 1,875 2022 - 1,500 - - - - 1,500 Kenneth Sanders 2023 - 1,875 - - - - 1,875 2022 0 0 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth, as of the date of this prospectus, the total number of shares owned beneficially by our sole officer and director, and key employees, individually and as a group, and the present owners of 5 or more of our total outstanding shares. The table also reflects what this ownership will be assuming completion of the sale of all shares in this offering. The stockholder listed below has direct ownership of her shares and possesses sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares. The percent of class is based on 1,963,750 shares of Class A common stock and 18,800,000 Class B common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Name and Nature of Address Amount and Beneficial Beneficial Percent of Title of Class Owner 2 Owner Class Class A Common Stock Lynda Chervil 1 1,786,000 51.7 Class B Common Stock Lynda Chervil 12,908,700 68.7 Class A Common Stock All Officers Directors 1,918,000 52.9 Class B Common Stock All Officers Directors 18,800,000 100 [1] The person named above may be deemed to be a parent and promoter of our company, within the meaning of such terms under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by virtue of his direct and indirect stock holdings. Ms. Chervil is the only promoter of our company. [2] Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the Rule 13d3(d)(1) of the Exchange Act, as amended and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, shares of common stock that an individual or group has a right to acquire within 60 days pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants are deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group and includes shares that could be obtained by the named individual within the next 60 days. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued 1,825,000 and 260,550 shares, respectively, of Class A common stock to its officers and directors for services rendered to the Company. The shares were valued at fair market value of 0.25 (2023) and 0.25 (2022) per share, for total compensation of 472,415 and 65,138 during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the company s CEO had advanced 120,893 in non-interest bearing demand loans to the company. In 2023, the company issued 116,000 worth of Class A common stock to the Company s CEO in repayment of the advances made to the company in 2022. Those shares were valued at 1.04 per share for a total repayment amount of 120,893. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. During the fiscal years ended December 31 2023, and 2022, we incurred 4,800 and 9,550, respectively, in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and interim reviews. 31 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. The following exhibits are incorporated into this Form 10-K Annual Report: Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Amendment [1] 3.2 By-Laws of Internet Sciences Inc. [2] 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 [1] Incorporated by reference from the Company s 8-K filed with the Commission on October 22, 2018. [2] Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 10 filed with the Commission on January 24, 2018. Included in Exhibit 31.1 Included in Exhibit 32.1 32 Table of Contents SI GNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Internet Sciences Inc. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Lynda Chervil Lynda Chervil Executive Chairman Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Karen Hernandez, CPA Karen Hernandez Chief Financial Officer 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 insi_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 insi_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Lynda Chervil, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Internet Sciences Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such internal control over financial report to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period cover by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; Date: November 14, 2024 Internet Sciences Inc. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Lynda Chervil Lynda Chervil Executive Chairman Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Karen Hernandez, CPA Karen Hernandez Chief Financial Officer /s/ Lynda Chervil Lynda Chervil President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 insi_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 insi_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 of Internet Sciences Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Lynda Chervil, President and Principal Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. /s/ Lynda Chervil Lynda Chervil President and Director Principal Executive Officer /s/ Karen Hernandez CPA Karen Hernandez Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 insi-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 insi-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 insi-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 insi-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

