<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-Q_edgar_data_1504678_0001654954-24-012999.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4899634</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87088</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>853783</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1368128</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1023214</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1424347</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-24-012999.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015172716
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-24-012999
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Loop Industries, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001504678
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				272094706
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38301
		FILM NUMBER:		241372765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 FERNAND POITRAS
		CITY:			TERREBONNE
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			J6Y 1Y4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-821-6600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 FERNAND POITRAS
		CITY:			TERREBONNE
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			J6Y 1Y4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST AMERICAN GROUP INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-24-012999.txt : 20241015

10-Q
 1
 loop_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

loop_10q.htm 
 United States Securities and Exchange Commission Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to __________ Commission File No. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As at October 14, 2024, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. LOOP INDUSTRIES, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements F-1 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 3 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 15 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 15 PART II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 16 Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 17 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 17 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 17 Item 5. Other Information 17 Item 6. Exhibits 18 Signatures 19 2 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Loop Industries, Inc. Three and Six months ended August 31, 2024 Index to the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Contents Page(s) Condensed consolidated balance sheets as at August 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and February 29, 2024 F 2 Condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F 3 Condensed consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F 4 Condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) F 6 Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements (Unaudited) F 7 F-1 Table of Contents Loop Industries, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) As at August 31, 2024 February 29, 2024 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Sales tax, tax credits and other receivables (Note 3) Inventories (Note 4) Prepaid expenses and other deposits (Note 5) Total current assets Investment in joint venture Property, plant and equipment, net (Note 6) Intangible assets, net (Note 7) Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 9) Current portion of long-term debt (Note 10) Unearned revenue (Note 11) Total current liabilities Due to customer Long-term debt (Note 10) Total liabilities Stockholders Equity Series A Preferred stock par value ; shares authorized; one share issued and outstanding Common stock par value ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (February 29, 2024 (Note 12) Additional paid-in capital Additional paid-in capital Warrants Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Going Concern (Note 1) See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements . F-2 Table of Contents Loop Industries, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) (in thousands of U.S. dollars , except per share data) Three Months Ended Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Revenue from contracts with customers Expenses : Research and development (Note 13) General and administrative (Note 14) Depreciation and amortization (Notes 6 and 7) Total expenses Other loss (income) : Interest and other financial expenses Interest income Foreign exchange loss (gain) Total other loss (income) Net loss Other comprehensive loss - Foreign currency translation adjustment Comprehensive loss Net loss per share Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted Going Concern (Note 1) See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Loop Industries, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share data) Three months ended August 31, 2024 Common stock par value 0.0001 Preferred stock par value 0.0001 Additional Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Total Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Capital Warrants Accumulated Deficit Comprehensive Income (Loss) Stockholders Equity Balance, May 31, 2024 Issuance of shares upon the vesting of restricted stock units (Note 15) - Expiration of warrants (Note 17) - - Stock options issued for services (Note 15) - - Restricted stock units issued for services (Note 15) - - Foreign currency translation - - Net loss - - Balance, August 31, 2024 Going Concern (Note 1) (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share data) Three months ended August 31, 2023 Common stock par value 0.0001 Preferred stock par value 0.0001 Additional Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Total Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Capital Warrants Accumulated Deficit Comprehensive Income (Loss) Stockholders Equity Balance, May 31, 2023 Stock options issued for services (Note 15) - - Restricted stock units issued for services (Note 15) - - Foreign currency translation - - Net loss - - Balance, August 31, 2023 Going Concern (Note 1) See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Loop Industries, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) (in thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share data) Six months ended August 31, 2024 Common stock par value 0.0001 Preferred stock par value 0.0001 Additional Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Total Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Capital Warrants Accumulated Deficit Comprehensive Income (Loss) Stockholders Equity Balance, February 28, 2024 Issuance of shares upon the vesting of restricted stock units (Note 15) - Expiration of warrants (Note 17) - - Stock options issued for services (Note 15) - - Restricted stock units issued for services (Note 15) - - Foreign currency translation - - Net loss - - Balance, August 31, 2024 Going Concern (Note 1) Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 Common stock par value 0.0001 Series A preferred stock par value 0.0001 Additional Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Total Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Capital - Warrants Accumulated Deficit Comprehensive (Loss) Stockholders' Equity Balance, February 28, 2023 Issuance of shares upon the vesting of restricted stock units (Note 15) - Stock options issued for services (Note 15) - - Restricted stock units issued for services (Note 15) - - Foreign currency translation - - Net loss - - Balance, August 31, 2023 Going Concern (Note 1) See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents Loop Industries, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (Notes 6 and 7) Stock-based compensation expense (Note 15) Accretion expense (Note 10) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Sales tax and tax credits receivable (Note 3) Inventories (Note 4) Prepaid expenses (Note 5) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 9) Customer deposits Unearned revenue (Note 11) Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Deposits on equipment (Note 5) Additions to intangible assets (Note 7) Net cash used in investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Borrowings under credit facility (Note 10) Repayment of long-term debt (Note 10) Net cash (used) provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes Net decrease in cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Income tax paid Interest paid Interest received Going Concern (Note 1) See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Loop Industries, Inc. Three and Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) interest in a joint venture, Indorama Loop Technologies, LLC, which is accounted for under the equity method. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated on consolidation. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of February 29, 2024, included herein, was derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures including certain notes required by US GAAP on an annual reporting basis. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements present fairly the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows for the interim periods. The results for the three- and six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter, for the fiscal year ending February 28, 2025, or for any other period. All monetary amounts in these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified, except for per share data. Going Concern These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplate the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business as they come due. In assessing whether the going concern assumption is appropriate, management takes into account all available information about the future, which is at least, but not limited to, twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Since its inception, the Company has been in the pre-commercialization stage with no material revenues from customers, and its ongoing operations and commercialization plans have been financed primarily by raising equity and debt. Therefore, the Company has incurred net losses and negative cash flow from operating and investing activities since its inception and expects to incur additional net losses while it continues to develop and plan for commercialization. As at August 31, 2024, the Company s available liquidity was , consisting of cash and cash equivalents of and an undrawn amount on a senior loan facility from a Canadian bank of . Also, current liabilities exceeded current assets by as at August 31, 2024. Management continuously monitors the Company s cash resources against its short-term cash commitments to ensure there is sufficient liquidity to fund its costs for at least twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. F-7 Table of Contents Unearned revenue Net earnings (loss) per share F-8 Table of Contents outstanding stock options (2023 ), outstanding restricted stock units (2023 ), and outstanding warrants (2023 ). Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted Research and development tax credits Interest income receivable Other receivables Work in process Raw materials Allowance for inventory write-down F-9 Table of Contents (February 29, 2024 on finished goods and work in process inventories related to inventory volumes not expected to be sold in the next twelve months. Other As of August 31, 2023, the Company had placed non-refundable cash deposits totaling on long-lead equipment intended for use in the initial Infinite Loop manufacturing facility. By February 29, 2024, this equipment had been received, and the corresponding amount was transferred to Machinery Equipment on our balance sheet. Building Land Building and Land Improvements Office equipment and furniture (1) The equipment, which is being held in storage, and can be utilized in a commercial facility, is presented in machinery and equipment at cost and is currently not being amortized. As at August 31, 2024 there were no indicators of impairment of the equipment. Building Land Building and Land Improvements Office equipment and furniture Depreciation expense for the three- and six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 amounted to and , respectively (2023 and ). F-10 Table of Contents and , respectively. During the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, we made additions relating to patent application costs to intangible assets of and , respectively. Amortization expense for the three- and six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 amounted to and , respectively (2023 and ). Level 2 Due to customer Level 2 Level 2 Due to customer Level 2 The fair value of cash, restricted cash, due to customer, other receivables, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their carrying values due to their short-term maturity. Accrued employee compensation Accrued engineering fees Accrued professional fees Other accrued liabilities F-11 Table of Contents Unamortized discount Accrued interest Total Investissement Qu bec financing facility Less: current portion of long-term debt Credit facility Long-term debt, net of current portion Investissement Qu bec financing facility The Company recorded interest expense on the Investissement Qu bec loan for the three- and six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 in the amount of and , respectively (2023 and and an accretion expense of and , respectively (2023 and ). During the six-month period ended August 31, 2024, the Company made repayments of (2023 on the Investissement Qu bec loan. Credit facility from a Canadian bank On July 26, 2022, Loop Canada, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Operating Credit Facility (the Credit Facility with a Canadian bank. The Credit Facility allows for borrowings of up to (CDN 3,500) in aggregate principal amount and provides for a two-year term on amounts drawn. The Credit Facility is collateralized by the Company s Terrebonne, Qu bec property and is subject to a minimum equity covenant, tested quarterly with which the Company was in compliance as at August 31, 2024. All borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to the bank s Canadian prime rate plus . As at August 31, 2024, the Company borrowed under the Credit Facility. The Company recorded interest expense on the Credit Facility for the three- and six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 in the amount of and , respectively (2023 nil and nil) Total repayments due on the Company s indebtedness over the next five years are as follows: February 28, 2026 February 28, 2027 February 29, 2028 February 28, 2029 Thereafter Total (2023 nil), comprised of a payment received from a customer while the Company has not yet fulfilled its obligation to deliver rPET. Issuance of shares upon settlement of restricted stock units Balance, August 31, 2024 Issuance of shares upon settlement of restricted stock units Balance, August 31, 2023 F-12 Table of Contents shares of the common stock to settle restricted stock units that vested in the period. During the six months ended August 31, 2023, the Company recorded the following common stock transaction: (i) The Company issued shares of the common stock to settle restricted stock units that vested in the period. External engineering Plant and laboratory operating expenses Tax credits Other Research and development expenses for the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: Machinery and equipment expenditures External engineering Plant and laboratory operating expenses Tax credits Other Insurance Professional fees Other General and administrative expenses for the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: Insurance Professional fees Other F-13 Table of Contents Granted - - Exercised - - Forfeited - Expired - - Outstanding, end of period Exercisable, end of period 6.39 The following tables summarizes the continuity of the Company s stock options during the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: Granted Exercised - - Forfeited - Expired - - Outstanding, end of period 2,771,216 5.25 2,782,000 5.08 Exercisable, end of period 1,890,000 1,670,000 6.84 The Company applies the fair value method of accounting for stock-based compensation awards granted. Fair value is calculated based on a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The principal components of the pricing model for the stock options granted in the six-month period ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected life years years During the three-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense attributable to stock options amounted to and , respectively. During the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense attributable to stock options amounted to and , respectively. F-14 Table of Contents Granted Settled - - Forfeited - - Outstanding, end of period Outstanding vested, end of period The following table summarizes the continuity of the restricted stock units during the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: Granted Settled Forfeited - - Outstanding, end of period Outstanding vested, end of period The Company applies the fair value method of accounting for awards granted through the issuance of restricted stock units. Fair value is calculated based on the intrinsic value at grant date multiplied by the number of restricted stock unit awards granted. During the three-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation attributable to RSUs amounted to and , respectively. During the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation attributable to RSUs amounted to and , respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Expense During the three-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation included in research and development expenses amounted to and , respectively, and in general and administrative expenses amounted to and , respectively. During the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation included in research and development expenses amounted to and , respectively, and in general and administrative expenses amounted to and , respectively. shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the Plan at July 6, 2017, with annual automatic share reserve increases, as defined in the Plan, amounting to the lessor of (i) shares, (ii) of the outstanding shares on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such number of shares determined by the Administrator of the Plan, effective March 1, 2018. On March 1, 2024, the share reserve was increased by shares (2023 ). The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors who designates eligible participants to be included under the Plan, the number of awards granted, the share price pursuant to the awards and the vesting conditions and period. The awards, when granted, will have an exercise price of no less than the estimated fair value of shares at the date of grant and a life not exceeding years from the grant date. However, where a participant, at the time of the grant, owns stock representing more than of the voting power of the Company, the life of the options shall not exceed years. F-15 Table of Contents Automatic share reserve increase Units granted Units forfeited Units expired - - Authorized, end of period The use of the term units in the table above describes a combination of stock options and RSUs. shares of our common stock, each with an exercise price of , expired, and warrants for the purchase of shares of our common stock, each with an exercise price of also expired. million from Reed to fund the global commercialization of the Infinite Loop Technology and have agreed to form a 50/50 joint venture for the European deployment of Loop s technology. Under the terms of the agreement, which has been signed following the completion by Reed of extensive operational, technical, ESG, and legal due diligence, Reed will provide capital as follows: M investment in a Convertible Preferred Security to be issued by Loop, which contains a PIK dividend rate and -year term; and ; The closing of the transaction is subject to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions, principally the conditions that (i) Reed shall have completed its first capital raising for its fund; and (ii) Loop shall have received a binding financing commitment from a governmental agency. Strategic partnership with Ester Industries Ltd. Ester On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Ester, a manufacturer of polyester films and specialty polymers in India, to form a 50/50 joint venture based in India ("India JV"). The purpose of the India JV is to build and operate an Infinite Loop manufacturing facility in India which will produce lower carbon footprint rDMT, rMEG and specialty polymers, using the Infinite Loop Technology. To date, no amounts have been contributed by the Company to the India JV. F-16 Table of Contents . Agreement with SK Geo Centric Co. Ltd. SKGC On April 27, 2023, the Company and SKGC entered into an agreement to build Infinite Loop manufacturing facilities in Asia. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company and SKGC agreed to form a new entity, which will be headquartered in Singapore. To date, no amounts have been contributed by the Company to the new entity. as at August 31, 2024, which represented the Company s portion of the cash balance in ILT. On October 9, 2024, . F-17 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following information and any forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial information and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including those risks identified in the Risk Factors section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Loop Industries, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company, Loop, we, or our ), contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue, or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, ability to improve and expand our capabilities, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, the adequacy of our available cash resources, regulatory compliance, plans for future growth and future operations, the size of our addressable market, market trends, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the projections discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. These risks and other factors include, but are not limited to, those listed under Risk Factors. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or projections include, among other things: (i) our ability to commercialize our technology and products, (ii) the status of our relationships with our partners, (iii) development and protection of our intellectual property and products, (iv) industry competition, (v) our need for and ability to obtain additional funding relative to our current and future financial commitments, (vi) our ability to continue as a going concern, (vii) engineering, contracting, and building our manufacturing facilities, (viii) our ability to scale, manufacture, and sell our products in order to generate revenues, (ix) our proposed business model and our ability to execute it, (x) our ability to obtain the necessary approvals or satisfy any closing conditions in respect of any of our proposed partnerships, (xi) our joint venture projects and our ability to recover certain expenditures in connection them, (xii) adverse effects on the Company s business and operations as a result of increased regulatory, media, or financial reporting scrutiny, practices, rumors, or otherwise, (xiii) public health issues, such as disease epidemics, which may lead to reduced access to capital markets, supply chain disruptions, and government-imposed business closures, (xiv) war, regional tensions, and economic or other conflicts that could impact market stability and our business; (xv) the effect of the continuing worldwide macroeconomic uncertainty and its impacts, including inflation, market volatility and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates, (xvi) the outcome of any SEC investigations or class action litigation filed against us, (xvii) our ability to hire and/or retain qualified employees and consultants, (xviii) other events or circumstances over which we have little or no control, and (xix) other factors discussed in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-Q, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties, and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as at the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as at the date made. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 3 Table of Contents General As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the following terms are being provided so investors can better understand our business: Depolymerization refers to the chemical process of breaking down a polymer molecule into its constituent monomers or smaller subunits. Depolymerization is the opposite of polymerization. DMT is an acronym for dimethyl terephthalate, which is a monomer used in the production of polyethylene terephthalate PET ), as well as other products. MEG is an acronym for monoethylene glycol, which is a monomer used in the production of PET, as well as other products. Polymerization refers to a process of reacting monomer molecules together in a chemical reaction to form polymer chains or three-dimensional networks. PET is an acronym for polyethylene terephthalate, which is a resin and a type of polyester showing excellent tensile and impact strength, chemical resistance, clarity, and processability, and reasonable thermal stability. PET is the material which is most commonly used for the production of polyester fiber and plastic packaging, including plastic bottles for water and carbonated soft drinks, containers for food and other consumer products; it is commonly identified by the number 1 , often inside an image of a triangle, on the packaging. PET is also used as a polyester fiber for a variety of applications including textiles, clothing and apparel. rPET, rDMT and rMEG are acronyms for recycled PET, DMT and MEG. All monetary amounts in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified, except for per share data. Introduction Loop is a technology company whose mission is to accelerate the world s shift towards sustainable PET plastic and polyester fiber and away from the dependence on fossil fuels. Loop owns patented and proprietary technology that depolymerizes no and low-value waste PET plastic and polyester fiber Infinite Loop Technology ), including plastic bottles and packaging, carpets and textiles of any color, transparency or condition and even ocean plastics that have been degraded by the sun and salt, to its base building blocks (monomers). The monomers are filtered, purified and polymerized to create virgin-quality Loop branded PET resin suitable for use in food-grade packaging and polyester fiber, thus enabling our customers to meet their sustainability objectives. Loop is contributing to the global movement towards a circular economy by reducing and recovering plastic waste for a sustainable future. We also intend to leverage the Infinite Loop Technology to expand into specialty chemicals and polymers through a unique product offering of lower carbon footprint rDMT, rMEG and specialty polymers. Loop intends to produce and sell rDMT, rMEG and other specialty polymers directly to chemical companies as a simple drop-in supplement and circular alternative. We believe this expanded product portfolio will enable the Infinite Loop Technology to reach new markets and cater to a broader range of customers across multiple industries including electronics, automotive, textile, cosmetics and packaging and other applications. This recent expansion in Loop s product offering is non-reliant on green premiums or carbon and plastic credits, and we believe it addresses a global shortage in supply of DMT and high demand for low carbon MEG, and lowers capital intensity for commercial projects with the removal of polymerization equipment. The Company is presently in the planning stages of pursuing the construction of Infinite Loop commercial scale facilities. Loop is currently engaged in discussions to secure financing for its investments in the various planned manufacturing facilities and the sequencing of the manufacturing facilities will be determined in conjunction with the outcome of the Company s financing discussions and discussions with our partners. 4 Table of Contents Background Industry Background We believe Loop s depolymerization technology offers a complementary solution to mechanical recycling by enabling the use of a wider variety of PET feedstock, including complex and degraded plastics as well as polyester fiber, to produce virgin quality rPET with no degradation through continued recycling. Mechanically recycled PET plastic is produced principally through the conversion of bales of PET bottles. The materials have been collected and transported to a materials recovery facility, where they are sorted from other materials, baled, and sent to specific PET recycling facilities. The bales are broken and sorted to remove any non-PET materials. The PET is then ground and put through a separation process which separates the PET from the bottle cap and label materials. Clean PET flake is then further processed depending on its intended end market. It may become more highly refined PET pellets for new bottles or extruded into PET sheet for clamshells, trays, and cups. Recycled PET is also spun into fiber for carpet, clothing, fiber fill, or other materials. We believe mechanically recycled PET faces a number of challenges in meeting the quality specifications and growing volume requirements implied by commitments from major brands, mainly due to the cost and variety of acceptable PET feedstock. Some mechanical recycling processes involve remelting the PET flake which reduces the quality of the rPET output each time it is recycled relative to the specifications of virgin PET produced from fossil fuels. Each time PET plastic is mechanically recycled, its quality and clarity are reduced. Therefore, mechanically recycled PET may need to be mixed with virgin PET from fossil fuels to maintain quality. Lower quality mechanically recycled PET is often downcycled to alternate uses such as polyester fibers which may be dyed and used in carpets or clothing. Additionally, mechanically recycled PET manufactured for use in clear bottles or food containers requires predominantly clear and clean PET flakes separated from waste bales, and cannot accommodate colored or opaque PET flakes, lower quality fiber feedstock, or materially contaminated feedstock, which may be cheaper. Depolymerization is a process in which plastics are broken down into their constituent molecules through chemical reactions, rather than being physically melted down and reprocessed as in mechanical recycling. This approach, which we utilize, has several advantages over mechanical recycling, which can have limitations due to the complexity and diversity of plastics. One of the main limitations of mechanical recycling is that it is difficult to recycle plastics that have been contaminated or degraded. For example, if a plastic container has been exposed to heat or sunlight, it may become brittle and prone to breaking during the recycling process. Another limitation of mechanical recycling is that it is difficult to recycle certain types of plastics, such as multi-layered or composite plastics. These plastics are often used in food packaging or other products that require specialized properties like barrier protection or insulation. Depolymerization, however, can break down these degraded or complex plastics into their constituent molecules, which can then be purified and used to create new products. Loop s depolymerization technology has the potential to create a closed-loop system for plastic waste, whereby plastics can be recycled an infinite number of times without degrading the quality of the material. This is because the constituent molecules can be broken down and reassembled without losing their original properties, which can reduce the need for new plastics to be produced. We believe Loop s depolymerization technology offers a promising solution to the limitations of mechanical recycling by enabling the recirculation of more diverse and complex plastics, reducing waste and pollution, and creating a closed-loop system for plastic waste. Our depolymerization technology breaks down waste PET into DMT and MEG. The monomers are purified and then recombined into virgin quality PET plastic and polyester fiber. We use low value PET plastic and polyester fiber waste as feedstock. Our technology can process PET plastic bottles and packaging of any color, transparency or condition, carpet, clothing and other polyester textiles that may contain colors, dyes, or additives, and even PET plastics that have been recovered from the ocean and degraded by exposure to sun and salt. We believe that our ability to use many materials that mechanical recyclers cannot process is an important advantage of Loop PET resin and further expands the range of PET waste streams that may be recycled. This also means we are creating a new market for materials that have persistently been leaking out of the waste management system and into shared rivers, oceans and natural areas. 5 Table of Contents Currently, the DMT market is largely dominated by a few key players, leaving limited options for customers and high market concentration. Additionally, the market is experiencing a global shortage of DMT, amplifying market challenges and creating a pressing need for alternative sources. The introduction of Loop s rDMT has the potential to shift the market dynamic by offering a sustainable alternative to traditional DMT produced from fossil fuels. In parallel, low-carbon MEG is in high demand and customers are increasingly seeking alternative solutions, but market options are limited and costly. As sustainability concerns intensify and regulatory pressures mount, the demand for low carbon MEG solutions is expected to continue to grow. Loop s rMEG has the potential to address a gap in the market and help fulfill customers needs by offering a lower carbon footprint recycled alternative to the current market options for MEG. Agreement with Reed Management SAS Reed On May 30, 2024, the Company and Reed, a European investment firm focused on high impact and technology-enabled infrastructure, entered into definitive binding agreements, subject to certain closing conditions, for an investment of 35 million from Reed to fund the global commercialization of the Infinite Loop Technology and have agreed to form a 50/50 joint venture for the European deployment of Loop s technology. Under the terms of the agreement, which was signed following the completion by Reed of extensive operational, technical, ESG, and legal due diligence, Reed is to provide capital as follows: 10M investment in a Convertible Preferred Security CPS to be issued by Loop, bearing a 13 PIK dividend rate and 5-year term; and 25M loan to Loop in two equal tranches first tranche to support global deployment opportunities paid at closing and second tranche to support European deployment opportunities paid in the following 12 months with both tranches having a 13 PIK interest rate and 3-year term; The closing of the transaction is subject to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions, principally the conditions that (i) Reed shall have successfully completed its first capital raising for its fund; and (ii) Loop shall have received a binding financing commitment from a governmental agency. On July 31, 2024, Reed and Societe Generale announced that Societe Generale has agreed to acquire 75 of Reed and provide funding for Reed initially amounting to 250 million, which can be further increased to 350 million. This transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions including regulatory approval, would secure Reed s funding for its planned investments, including the financing package for Loop. We are expecting that the remaining closing conditions will have been addressed, and that the financing will be completed in November 2024. This is expected to provide the initial tranche of 10 million, with further amounts at future dates. Although the Company anticipates its current liquidity position to be sufficient to cover expenses until the end of November 2024, in order to secure the Company s liquidity in the event of timing delays in funding, certain insiders have committed to provide bridge financing of 2,000 if necessary. 6 Table of Contents Strategic partnership with Ester Industries Ltd. Ester On May 1, 2024 Loop entered into an agreement with Ester, one of India's leading manufacturers of polyester films and specialty polymers, to form a 50/50 India joint venture India JV ). The purpose of the India JV is to build and operate an Infinite Loop manufacturing facility in India which will produce a unique product offering of lower carbon footprint rDMT, rMEG and specialty polymers, using the Infinite Loop Technology. Loop and Ester have a well-established working relationship, with Ester producing Loop PET using monomers produced at Loop s Terrebonne Facility for global brand companies over the last four years. The India JV intends to leverage the complementary skill set of each partner by combining Loop's innovative technology and global customer relationships with Ester's nearly 40 years of specialized polymer production, operational proficiency, and local expertise, including sourcing of PET plastic and polyester fiber waste feedstocks. The Infinite Loop India facility is expected to produce 70,000 tonnes of rDMT and 23,000 tonnes of rMEG annually and Ester will toll convert the rDMT and rMEG into various grades of specialty polymers, offering chemical companies a simple drop-in supplement and circular alternative. The rDMT and rMEG product offerings expected to be manufactured at the Infinite Loop India facility represent a strategic product expansion in a low-cost manufacturing environment which we believe complements Loop's existing PET plastic and polyester fiber manufacturing business and will fuel growth by addressing the large and growing demand in the market. We believe this expansion will enable the Infinite Loop Technology to reach new markets and cater to a broader range of customers across multiple industries including electronics, automotive, textile, cosmetics and packaging. We believe the India JV offers attractive projected economic returns without the need for substantial sustainability-linked premium pricing. Loop and Ester anticipate that initial funding required to finance the India JV for the purposes of construction, development and operationalization of the project along with initial working capital requirements for the business is expected to be 165 million. Ester and Loop will each contribute 50 of the initial equity capital of the India JV. Subject to the terms of the relevant governing documents, Ester will be the exclusive producer of specialty polymers for the India JV, and Loop will be the exclusive seller and marketing agent of the India JV s products. Ester and Loop will work in collaboration on all financing activities for the India JV pursuant to the terms of the agreement. Loop and Ester will also enter into (i) a technology license agreement with Loop (the Loop Technology License Agreement ), (ii) a service agreement with Ester, and (iii) a sales and marketing agreement with Loop, each on terms to be mutually agreed upon by the parties. Pursuant to the Loop Technology License Agreement, the India JV will be granted an exclusive, subject to certain exceptions, license to exploit the Infinite Loop Technology in India at a royalty rate to be set forth in the Loop Technology License Agreement. The India facility will leverage the Infinite Loop Technology and existing engineering package which should accelerate the lead-time towards groundbreaking, expected to occur by the end of the current fiscal year. Feedstock sourcing for the facility, in which there is abundant supply from textile waste in India, is well advanced. Additionally, following the completion of a detailed land study by an external engineering firm, the India JV partners have identified the Gujarat province of India as the optimal location for the facility based on several key requirements such as infrastructure, proximity to a seaport for exports, renewable energy for a reduction in CO 2 emissions and close proximity to waste PET and polyester feedstocks. Construction is expected to be completed by the end of 2026, with commercial operations commencing in early 2027. Strategic Partnership with SK Geo Centric SKGC The planned Infinite Loop commercial manufacturing facility in Ulsan, South Korea, is expected to have an annual capacity to supply up to 70,000 metric tons per year of Loop PET resin for packaging and polyester fiber applications, and was planned to break ground in the first half of 2024. The timing of the facility is currently under review by the partners while they evaluate opportunities to reduce capital costs and carry out discussions with the Korean government for subsidies related to the facility. Loop and SKGC are also evaluating the opportunity to build a monomer facility in order to capitalize on the large and growing market and attractive economics for DMT and MEG, including lower capital investment requirements for such a facility. 7 Table of Contents Infinite Loop Europe We announced on September 10, 2020 a strategic partnership with SUEZ Group Suez ), with the objective to build the first Infinite Loop manufacturing facility in Europe. On June 16, 2022, Loop, together with Suez and SKGC, announced that the three companies will become equal participants in the strategic partnership. The expanded partnership intends to combine SKGC s petrochemical manufacturing experience with Suez's resource management expertise and Loop s breakthrough proprietary technology to supply up to 70,000 M/T of virgin quality, 100 recycled PET plastic and polyester fiber to the European market. The planned Infinite Loop facility is designed to offer a solution to consumer goods companies which have committed to goals for significantly increased use of recycled content in their products and/or packaging and help to meet the growing demand for recycled PET resin and polyester fiber. On February 16, 2023, the three companies announced that the Chemesis industrial platform in Saint-Avold, located in the Grand Est region of France, has been selected as the site for their planned manufacturing facility in Europe. We are working with our partners Suez and SKGC on acquiring the project site, alignment of various levels of government support and additional steps for the project which include advancing permitting, site specific engineering, customer offtake contracts, feedstock and financing. Product activations Loop has collaborated with multiple customers in recent and upcoming launches for products and product packaging incorporating Loop PET manufactured from monomers produced at Loop s small-scale production facility in Terrebonne, Qu bec (the Terrebonne Facility ). Most recently, Loop and On AG, the Swiss sportswear brand, collaborated to launch the Cloudeasy Cyclon shoe which was unveiled on May 21, 2024. The upper of the Cloudeasy shoe is crafted with 100 recycled and infinitely recyclable yarn, using the Infinite Loop Technology. On AG is the first footwear company to launch a shoe using the Infinite Loop Technology which enables fiber-to-fiber recycling. The Cloudeasy Cyclon shoe is part of On AG s monthly subscription service Cyclon where customers receive, wear, and then return Cylon products, which are then recycled. Loop continues to pursue opportunities for new activations and marketing campaigns with additional consumer goods brand companies. Commercialization Strategy Our objective is to achieve global expansion of the Infinite Loop Technology through a mix of fully owned manufacturing facilities, strategic partnerships, and licensing agreements. We believe that industrial companies, some of which today may not be in the business of manufacturing DMT, MEG, PET resin, polyester fiber or other specialty polymers, will view involvement with Infinite Loop projects as a significant growth opportunity, which may offer attractive economic returns either as Loop manufacturing partners or as licensees of the technology. The Infinite Loop Technology is the key pillar of our commercialization blueprint. We believe our technology is at the forefront of the global transition away from fossil fuels and petrochemicals and into the circular economy, where PET plastic and polyester fiber are produced by recycling waste plastic rather than depleting finite resources. The Infinite Loop Technology allows for waste PET plastic and polyester fiber to be broken down into its base building blocks, monomers DMT and MEG, using Loop s patented technology. Once the monomers are purified, they can be sold directly to chemical companies, used in the production of specialty polymers, or repolymerized into PET plastic or polyester fiber using INVISTA know how, which Loop licenses, and Chemtex Global Corporation s engineering. The INVISTA polymerization process and the associated designs are historically proven in the commercial production of PET resin and polyester fiber. We have completed our basic design package for the Infinite Loop full-scale manufacturing facilities. The engineering philosophy we have adopted is design one, build many. This approach allows for the basic design package to be used as the base engineering platform for all future geographical expansion. We believe this approach allows for quick execution, speed to market, and lends itself well to modular construction. The basic design package has a capacity of up to 70,000 M/T of rDMT and 23,000 M/T of rMEG, or 70,000 M/T of PET resin output per year, or a combination thereof. Permitting, site and regulatory considerations may impact plant capacity. 8 Table of Contents On May 1, 2024, we announced our strategic partnership with Ester to build and operate an Infinite Loop manufacturing facility in India which will produce a unique product offering of lower carbon footprint rDMT, rMEG and specialty polymers, using the Infinite Loop Technology. Loop has a well-established working relationship with Ester, which has nearly 40 years of specialized polymer production, operational proficiency, and local expertise, including sourcing of PET plastic and polyester fiber waste feedstocks. The rDMT and rMEG product offerings expected to be manufactured at the Infinite Loop India facility represent a strategic product expansion in a low-cost manufacturing environment which we believe complements Loop's existing PET plastic and polyester fiber manufacturing business and will fuel growth by addressing the large and growing demand in the market. We believe this expansion will enable the Infinite Loop Technology to reach new markets and cater to a broader range of customers across multiple industries including electronics, automotive, textile, cosmetics and packaging. The India facility will leverage the Infinite Loop Technology and existing engineering package which should accelerate the lead-time towards groundbreaking, expected to occur by the end of the current fiscal year. Feedstock sourcing for the facility, in which there is abundant supply from textile waste in India, is well advanced and the partners have engaged an external firm to source and secure the land for the facility. Construction is expected to be completed by the end of 2026, with commercial operations commencing in early 2027. Loop anticipates receiving an annual technology license fee from the Infinite Loop manufacturing facility in India. We are also focused on our planned joint venture projects with SKGC in Asia and Europe to build and operate Infinite Loop manufacturing facilities producing and selling Loop PET resin and polyester fiber. These projects leverage SKGC s engineering and operational infrastructure. In addition, the joint venture projects are anticipated to provide Loop with an annual technology licensing fee. SKGC is committed to commercializing Loop s technology as the underpinning of its sustainable plastics strategy. Loop is working collaboratively with SKGC to put in place a financing plan for the rollout of large-scale manufacturing in Asia and Europe, including the planned Asian manufacturing facility in Ulsan, South Korea. The planned Infinite Loop commercial manufacturing facility in Ulsan, South Korea, is expected to have an annual capacity to supply up to 70,000 metric tons per year of Loop PET resin for packaging and polyester fiber applications, and was planned to break ground in the first half of 2024. The timing of the facility is currently under review by the partners while they evaluate opportunities to reduce capital costs and carry out discussions with the Korean government for subsidies related to the facility. Loop and SKGC are also evaluating the opportunity to build a monomer facility in order to capitalize on the large and growing market and attractive economics for DMT and MEG, including lower capital investment requirements for such a facility. The global expansion plan for our technology will allow our customers, mostly comprised of CPG brand companies, apparel companies, and chemical companies, to integrate Loop PET resin, polyester fiber, rDMT and rMEG into their products and packaging. We believe as countries around the globe continue to increase sustainability targets and recycled content mandates, our customers will increase the use of sustainably produced materials into their products. Our market strategy is to assist global consumer goods brands in meeting their public sustainability commitments by offering co-branded packaging or polyester fibers that are made with Loop 100 recycled, virgin-quality MEG, DMT, PET or polyester fibers. We believe that Loop recycled PET resin and polyester fiber could command premium pricing over virgin, petroleum-based PET resin and provide attractive economic returns. We are targeting multi-year take or pay offtake agreements for planned Infinite Loop production. Factors under consideration in determining project economics include the feasibility design engineering and cost estimate work, timing and permitting of a facility, customer offtake demand, commitment terms, and feedstock sources, quality, availability, PET bale index pricing, logistics, and ramp up, among others. The Company s ability to move to the next stage of its strategic development and construct manufacturing plants is dependent on, among other factors, whether the Company can obtain the necessary financing through a combination of the issuance of debt, equity, and/or joint ventures, and/or government incentive programs and/or customers. Human Capital As of August 31, 2024, we had 50 employees of which 18 work in research and development, 20 in engineering and operations, and 12 in administrative functions. 9 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table summarizes our operating results for the three-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, in thousands of U.S. Dollars. Three months ended August 31, 2024 2023 Change favorable / (unfavorable) Revenue from contracts with customers 23 54 (31 Expenses Research and development External engineering 651 141 (510 Employee compensation 862 1,218 356 Stock-based compensation 131 155 24 Plant and laboratory operating expenses 197 447 250 Tax credits (49 (22 27 Other 153 99 (54 Total research and development 1,945 2,038 93 General and administrative Professional fees 1,007 912 (95 Employee compensation 585 647 62 Stock-based compensation 231 233 2 Insurance 476 709 233 Other 296 342 46 Total general and administrative 2,595 2,843 248 Depreciation and amortization 129 136 7 Interest and other financial expenses 119 44 (75 Interest income (6 (219 (213 Foreign exchange loss (gain) 80 (38 (119 Total expenses 4,862 4,804 (58 Net loss (4,839 (4,750 (88 Second Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 Revenues Revenues for the three-month period ended August 31, 2024 decreased 31 to 23, as compared to 54 for the same period in 2023. The revenues resulted from the delivery of initial volumes to customers of Loop PET resin produced using monomers manufactured at the Terrebonne Facility. Research and Development Research and development expense for the three-month period ended August 31, 2024 decreased 93 to 1,945, as compared to 2,038 for the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 356 decrease in employee compensation, and a 250 decrease in plant and laboratory expenses at our Terrebonne Facility. These decreases were partially offset by a 510 increase in external engineering costs for design work for our Infinite Loop manufacturing process. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses for the three-month period ended August 31, 2024 decreased 248 to 2,595, as compared to 2,843 for the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 233 decrease in insurance expenses which is mainly attributable to a favourable renewal of D O insurance. 10 Table of Contents Net Loss The net loss for the three-month period ended August 31, 2024 increased 88 to 4,839, as compared to 4,750 for the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to the 213 decrease in interest income and the 119 increase in foreign exchange, partially offset by the 248 decrease in general and administrative expenses. Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 The following table summarizes our operating results for the six-month periods ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, in thousands of U.S. Dollars. Six months ended August 31, 2024 2023 Change Revenue from contracts with customers 29 81 (52 Expenses Research and development External engineering 1,279 1,297 18 Employee compensation 1,877 2,504 627 Machinery and equipment expenditures 3 1,236 1,233 Stock-based compensation 261 315 54 Plant and laboratory operating expenses 467 916 449 Tax credits (35 (47 (12 Other 330 307 (23 Total research and development 4,182 6,528 2,346 General and administrative Professional fees 2,262 1,531 (731 Employee compensation 1,221 1,285 64 Stock-based compensation 471 428 (43 Insurance 968 1,412 444 Other 584 652 68 Total general and administrative 5,506 5,308 (198 Depreciation and amortization 266 268 2 Interest and other financial expenses 179 98 (81 Interest income (132 (318 (186 Foreign exchange loss (gain) 56 (52 (108 Total expenses 10,057 11,832 1,775 Net loss (10,028 (11,751 1,723 Revenues Revenues for the six-month period ended August 31, 2024 decreased 52 to 29, as compared to 81 for the same period in 2023. The revenues resulted from the delivery of initial volumes to customers of Loop PET resin produced using monomers manufactured at the Terrebonne Facility . Research and Development Research and development expense for the six-month period ended August 31, 2024 decreased 2,346 to 4,182, as compared to 6,528 for the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 1,223 decrease in purchases of machinery and equipment for the Terrebonne Facility, a 681 decrease in employee compensation expenses, including stock-based compensation, and a 449 decrease in plant and laboratory expenses to operate our Terrebonne Facility. 11 Table of Contents General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses for the six-month period ended August 31, 2024 increased 198 to 5,506, as compared to 5,308 for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to a 731 increase in professional fees, partially offset by a decrease in insurance expenses of 444. Net Loss The net loss for the six-month period ended August 31, 2024 decreased 1,723 to 10,028, as compared to 11,751 for the same period in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to the decrease in research and development expenses of 2,346, partially offset by 198 increase in research and development expenses, a 186 decrease in interest income, and a 108 increase in foreign exchange. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity Since its inception, the Company has been in the pre-commercialization stage with no material revenues, and its ongoing operations and commercialization plans have been financed primarily by raising equity and debt. Therefore, the Company has incurred net losses and negative cash flow from operating and investing activities since its inception and expects to incur additional net losses while it continues to develop and plan for commercialization. To date, we have been successful in raising capital to finance our ongoing operations. Our liquidity position consists of cash and cash equivalents on hand of 1,395 and an undrawn senior loan facility from a Canadian bank of 1,008 at August 31, 2024. Also, current liabilities exceeded current assets by 2,510 as at August 31, 2024. Our liquidity position is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the Risk Factors section included in Part I, Item 1A of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management continuously monitors the Company s cash resources against its short-term cash commitments to ensure there is sufficient liquidity to fund its costs for at least twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. Management evaluates the Company s liquidity to determine if there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. In preparing this going concern assessment, management applies significant judgment in estimating future cash flow requirements of the Company based on budgets and forecasts, which includes developing assumptions related to the estimation of amount and timing of future cash outflows and inflows. Based on this assessment, it is estimated that the Company has sufficient liquidity to cover expected cash outflows until end of November 2024, by which time management believes the financing with Reed will be completed, and that the remaining closing conditions will have been addressed. This is expected to provide an initial amount of 11,080 10,000), with further amounts at future dates. To secure the Company s liquidity in the event of timing delays in funding, certain insiders have committed to provide bridge financing of 2,000 if necessary. Notwithstanding, these events and conditions are material uncertainties that raise substantial doubt upon the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and accordingly, the appropriateness of the use of accounting principles applicable to a going concern. The Company s ability to move to the next stage of its strategic development and construct manufacturing plants is dependent on, among other factors, whether the Company can obtain the necessary financing through a combination of the issuance of debt, equity, and/or joint ventures, and/or government incentive programs and/or customers. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in attracting additional funding. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms favorable to the Company. Failure to secure additional financing on favorable terms when it becomes required would have an adverse effect on the Company s financial position and on its ability to execute its business plan. The Company is seeking to finalize the negotiation of previously announced financing initiatives on acceptable terms, although there is no assurance it will succeed. 12 Table of Contents We have a long-term debt obligation to Investissement Qu bec in connection with a financing facility (the Financing Facility for the expansion of the Terrebonne Facility up to a maximum of 3,410. We received the first disbursement in the amount of 1,638 on February 21, 2020 and the second disbursement in the amount of 1,772 on August 26, 2021. The loan can be repaid at any time by us without penalty. The loan s interest rate was initially set at 2.36 and there was a 36-month moratorium on both capital and interest repayments as of the first disbursement date. Under the original terms of the Financing Facility, at the end of the 36-month moratorium, capital and interest was repayable in 84 monthly installments. There is no remaining amount available under the Financing Facility after the second disbursement. On November 21, 2022, the Company and Investissement Qu bec entered into an agreement to amend the existing Financing Facility which modifies the repayments of the principal amount (the Financing Facility Amendment ). As per the Financing Facility Amendment, a total of 37 of the principal amount was repaid in monthly installments in the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 and the remainder of the principal amount is repayable in 72 monthly installments. The Financing Facility Amendment did not modify the interest rates, the repayment terms of accrued interest or any other terms of the Financing Facility. On February 28, 2024, the Company and Investissement Qu bec entered into an agreement to amend the existing Financing Facility which modified the repayments of the principal amount (the Second Financing Facility Amendment ). As per the Second Financing Facility Amendment, a total of 74 of the principal amount is repayable in monthly installments in the fiscal year ending February 28, 2025, with the remainder of the principal amount being repayable in 60 monthly installments. Pursuant to the Second Financing Facility Amendment the interest rate of the Financing Facility was increased from 2.36 to 3.36 . The Second Financing Facility Amendment did not modify the repayment terms of accrued interest or any of the other terms of the Financing Facility that are not mentioned above. Under the terms of the Financing Facility, Investissement Qu bec was also issued warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in an amount equal to 10 of each disbursement up to a maximum aggregate amount of 339. On February 21, 2020, upon the receipt of the first disbursement under this facility, we issued a warrant to purchase 15,153 shares of common stock at a price of 11.00 to Investissement Qu bec, which expired in February 2023. On August 26, 2021, upon the receipt of the second disbursement under this facility, we issued a warrant to purchase 17,180 shares of common stock at a price of 11.00 to Investissement Qu bec, which expired in August 2024 On July 26, 2022, Loop Canada, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Operating Credit Facility (the Credit Facility with a Canadian bank. The Credit Facility allows for borrowings of up to 2,594 in aggregate principal amount and provides for a two-year term on amounts drawn. The Credit Facility is secured by the Company s Terrebonne, Qu bec property and is subject to a minimum equity covenant, tested quarterly with which the Company was in compliance as at August 31, 2024. All borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to the bank s Canadian prime rate plus 1.0 . As at August 31, 2024, the Company borrowed 1,587 under the Credit Facility. Flow of Funds Summary of Cash Flows A summary of cash flows for the six months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was as follows, in thousands of U.S. Dollars: Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (6,775 (11,017 Net cash used in investing activities (325 (5,290 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,537 (32 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash - 113 Net decrease in cash (5,563 (16,226 13 Table of Contents Net Cash Used in Operating Activities During the six-month period ended August 31, 2024, we used 6,775 in operations compared to 11,017 during the six-month period ended August 31, 2023. As discussed above in the Results of Operations, the year-over-year decrease is mainly due to decreased operating expenses as we have completed the upgrade of the Terrebonne Facility, partially offset by increased legal costs related to our partnerships with Reed and Ester. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities During the six months ended August 31, 2024, we used 325 in investing activities compared to 5,290 during the six-month period ended August 31, 2023. During the three-month period ended August 31, 2023, we made 5,065 in deposits on long-lead equipment for use in a commercial project. During the six-month period ended August 31, 2024, we made investments in intangible assets of 325, as compared to 225 for the same period in 2023, particularly in our patent technology in the United States and around the world. Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities During the six months ended August 31, 2024, we borrowed 1,587 under the Credit Facility and we repaid 50 of long-term debt. During the six months ended August 31, 2023, we repaid 32 of long-term debt. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures A. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of August 31, 2024. B. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 31, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 15 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS SEC Investigation As previously disclosed, we received a subpoena from the SEC in October 2020 requesting certain information from us, including information regarding testing, testing results and details of results from our GEN I and GEN II technologies, and certain of our partnerships and agreements. In March 2022, we received a second subpoena requesting additional information, including information concerning our reverse-merger in 2015, and communications with certain individuals and entities. There have been no additional information requests from the SEC relating to the Company s business or technology. The SEC informed us that its investigation does not mean that the SEC has concluded that anyone has violated the law and that the investigation does not mean that the SEC has a negative opinion of us. We cannot predict when this matter will be resolved or what, if any, action the SEC may take following the conclusion of the investigation. On September 30, 2022, the SEC filed a complaint (the SEC complaint against several named defendants Defendants ), and also identified as a relief defendant Daniel Solomita, our Chief Executive Officer. The SEC complaint does not allege wrongdoing by the Company or Mr. Solomita. The SEC complaint identifies Mr. Solomita and an entity he owns as relief defendants because they purportedly received monies from the Defendants in 2015 that the SEC alleges were derived from the Defendants fraud. The SEC complaint does not allege that Mr. Solomita was aware of the alleged wrongdoing by the Defendants and does not allege that he was aware that any alleged monies received were derived from fraud. Litigation From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings or investigations which arise in the ordinary course of business. Except as noted above, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings, government actions, administrative actions, investigations or claims that are pending against us or involve us that, in the opinion of our management, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. It is possible that we may expend financial and managerial resources in the defense of our intellectual property rights in the future if we believe that our rights have been violated. It is also possible that we may expend financial and managerial resources to defend against claims that our products and services infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. Risk factors relating to us are set forth under Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on May 29, 2024. No material changes to such risk factors have occurred during the three months ended August 31, 2024. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended August 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following Exhibits, as required by Item 601 of Regulation SK, are attached or incorporated by reference, as stated below. Exhibit Index Incorporated by Reference Number Description Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. 3.1 Articles of Incorporation, as amended to date 10-K 001-38301 May 29, 2024 3.1 3.2 By-laws, as amended to date 8-K 001-38301 April 10, 2018 3.1 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Furnished herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document Filed herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.. Date: October 15, 2024 By: /s/ Daniel Solomita Name: Daniel Solomita Title: President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 15, 2024 By: /s/ Fady Mansour Name: Fady Mansour Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 loop_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 loop_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, Daniel Solomita, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Loop Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 15, 2024 /s/ Daniel Solomita Daniel Solomita President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 loop_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 loop_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, Fady Mansour, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Loop Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 15, 2024 /s/ Fady Mansour Fady Mansour Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 loop_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 loop_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Loop Industries, Inc. for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the undersigned, Daniel Solomita, President and Chief Executive Officer of Loop Industries, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Loop Industries, Inc. Date: October 15, 2024 /s/ Daniel Solomita Daniel Solomita President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 loop_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 loop_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Loop Industries, Inc. for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the undersigned, Fady Mansour, Chief Financial Officer of Loop Industries, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Loop Industries, Inc. Date: October 15, 2024 /s/ Fady Mansour Fady Mansour Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 loop-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 loop-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 loop-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 loop-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

